Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4777 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 2015 No. 104 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. A
BRAHAM ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
July 7, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable R ALPH LEE 
ABRAHAM to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving and gracious God, we give 
You thanks for giving us another day. 
As the Members of this assembly re-
turn from days away celebrating our Nation’s birth, grant them safe jour-ney. May they return ready to assume a difficult work which must be done. 
We pray for the needs of the Nation, 
the world, and all of creation. Bless those who seek to honor You and serve each other and all Americans in this House through their public service. 
May the words and deeds of this place 
reflect an earnest desire for justice, and may men and women in govern-ment build on the tradition of equity and truth that represents the noblest heritage of our people. 
May Your blessing, O God, be with us 
this day and every day to come, and may all we do be done for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
U.S. SOCCER TEAM WINS WORLD 
CUP 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on 
July 17, 2011, the United States Wom-en’s soccer team lost to Japan in the World Cup title match. It was a crush-ing defeat, one that motivated the Women’s National Team. 
The World Cup is every 4 years, and 
the rematch this Sunday was one for the history books. Scoring the most goals in any World Cup final game, the United States Women’s National Team earned their third World Cup cham-pionship. That is unprecedented. 
Just 16 minutes into the game, the 
U.S. center midfielder scored her third goal of the game. It was the hat trick seen around the world. 
The roar of the announcers echoed in 
living rooms across America. Twenty- five million people cheered on the USA, and a new American hero, Carli Lloyd, became a household name. 
The United States defeated Japan 5– 
2, as the Red, White, and Blue proudly waved over the field in Vancouver, Canada. 
Congratulations to the 2015 Women’s 
National Team and to Coach Jill Ellis. The team motto, ‘‘She Believes,’’ made 
believers of the whole world. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I insert the names of all 
of the players, their hometowns, and their jersey numbers into the R
ECORD . 
2015 US W OMEN ’SNATIONAL SOCCER TEAM 
Shannon Box—Redondo Beach, CA—7; Mor-
gan Brian—St. Simons Island, GA—14; Lori Chalupny—St. Louis, MO—16; Whitney Engen—Rolling Hills Estates, CA—6; Ashlyn Harris—Satellite Beach, FL—18; Tobin Heath—Basking Ridge, NJ—17; Lauren Holi-day—Indianapolis, IN—12; Julie Johnston— Mesa, AZ—19; Meghan Klingenberg— Gibsonia, PA—22; Ali Krieger—Dumfries, VA—11; Sydney Leroux—Scottsdale, AZ—2; Carli Lloyd—Delran, NJ—10; Alex Morgan— Diamond Bar, CA—13; Alyssa Naeher— Bridgepoint, CT—21; Kelley O’Hara—Fay-etteville, GA—5; Heather O’Reilly—East Brunswick, NJ—9; Christen Press—Palos Verdes Estates, CA—23; Christie Rampone— Point Pleasant, NJ—3; Megan Rapinoe—Red-ding, CA—15; Amy Rodriguez—Lake Forest, CA—8; Becky Sauerbrunn—St. Louis, MO—4; Hope Solo—Richland, WA—1; Abby Wambach—Rochester, NY—20. 
f 
HIGHWAY AND TRANSIT TRUST 
FUND EXPIRES 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, at the end 
of this month, the highway and transit trust fund will expire, which would be devastating to our country’s competi-tiveness and threaten 660,000 American jobs and thousands of projects to re-build America’s roads, rails, and bridges. We can’t let this happen, not during the middle of the summer con-struction season for sure. 
That is why Congress, Democrats and 
Republicans, really have to work to-gether in a bipartisan fashion to pass a plan to invest in our Nation’s infra-structure, our roads, our rails, and our bridges. 
Right now, as a percentage of GDP, 
China is spending 10 times what we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.000 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4778 July 7, 2015 
on infrastructure. They are investing 
in their future. 
Meanwhile, here at home, we can’t 
even act to extend the highway trust fund, let alone adopt a 21st century plan that invests in our future, invests in America, and rebuilds this Nation in a way that puts people to work and makes us more competitive. How are we supposed to compete with China if we can’t even rebuild our own roads and bridges? 
We need to act together. Mr. Speak-
er, the time has long passed. Let’s act today. 
f 
APPRECIATING THE FLYING 
TIGERS 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I am grateful to recognize the Flying Tigers, a courageous group of volunteer pilots of World War II who carried out strategic air support mis-sions to protect the citizens of the Re-public of China. This elite group be-came the 14th Air Force and included my father, First Lieutenant Hugh de Veaux Wilson. 
Through the leadership of General 
Claire Chennault, the Flying Tigers achieved impressive victories, destroy-ing 296 enemy aircraft, stopping the in-vaders, and saving millions of Chinese lives. 
America is always appreciative to 
the Republic of China military who res-cued most of the crews after 15 U.S. planes crashed into China following the Doolittle Raid in 1942. This raid was formed in my hometown of Springdale at Columbia Army Air Base in South Carolina. 
I have visited President Jiang Zemin 
at the Presidential compound in Bei-jing on a delegation led by Congress-man Curt Weldon. Upon hearing of my father’s Flying Tiger service, President Jiang Zemin interrupted the meeting to announce his view that, because of the Flying Tigers, ‘‘the American mili-tary is revered in China.’’ 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
MARRIAGE EQUALITY 
(Mr. TAKANO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to enter the following words into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD : 
‘‘No union is more profound than 
marriage, for it embodies the highest ideals of love, fidelity, devotion, sac-rifice, and family. In forming a marital union, two people become something greater than once they were. 
‘‘As some of the petitioners in these 
cases demonstrate, marriage embodies a love that may endure even past 
death. It would misunderstand these men and women to say they disrespect the idea of marriage. 
‘‘Their plea is that they do respect it, 
respect it so deeply that they seek to find its fulfillment for themselves. Their hope is not to be condemned to live in loneliness, excluded from one of civilization’s oldest institutions. 
‘‘They ask for equal dignity in the 
eyes of the law. The Constitution grants them that right. The judgment of the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is reversed. 
‘‘It is so ordered.’’ These words, Mr. Speaker, were writ-
ten by Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy in his Obergefell v. Hodges ruling, and they embody what the LGBT community has pursued for dec-ades: equality under the law. 
f 
HONORING MINNESOTA’S PHIL 
HOUSLEY 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my friend and Minnesota’s own, Phil Housley, on his recent induction into the Hockey Hall of Fame. 
Phil Housley is a true Minnesotan. 
Born and raised in the state of hockey, he graduated from South St. Paul High School in 1982. 
Phil was drafted by the Buffalo Sa-
bres right out of high school and spent 21 years playing in the National Hock-ey League for eight different teams. 
Phil is a seven-time all-star and the 
highest scoring U.S.-born defenseman in NHL history. He also helped Team USA win a silver medal in the 2002 Olympics. 
Phil played his last professional 
game in 2003, but his hockey career did not end there. He is currently working as the assistant coach for the Nashville Predators. 
Phil was born to compete at the 
highest level, and he is being recog-nized with the highest honor his sport can grant: induction into the Hockey Hall of Fame. 
Congratulations, Phil. You deserve 
it. 
f 
FAMILIES IMPACTED BY OPIATE 
ABUSE 
(Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day I spent part of my day with a num-ber of families from Taunton, Massa-chusetts, a city in my district that has been tragically impacted by opiate abuse. 
Of the families that were there, one 
young man stood out. Cory was an honor student from Taunton High School. He was a starting pitcher for the baseball team when a pitching in-jury sidelined him and forced him into 
surgery. After 12 bouts in rehab, he ended up overdosing on heroin and today continues to suffer brain damage from that overdose. 
Mr. Speaker, these stories have be-
come far too common, not just across Taunton and across our Common-wealth in Massachusetts, but around our country. 
This is why I rise today to recognize 
the tremendous work of my colleague, Congressman W
HITFIELD , and his work 
in introducing with me the National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Act, as well as our colleague Congresswoman S
USAN BROOKS , who 
has introduced the Heroin and Pre-scription Opioid Abuse Prevention, Education, and Enforcement Act. 
Mr. Speaker, there is no silver bullet 
to these challenges. Together, this body, piece by piece, can help craft the legislation that we need to get this epi-demic under wraps. 
f 
SANCTUARY CITIES COST 
INNOCENT LIVES 
(Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
dangerous policies have deadly con-sequences. We were reminded of this last week when a young woman in San Francisco, Kate Steinle, was tragically murdered by an illegal immigrant who should have been deported long ago. 
Unknown to many Americans, cities 
across the Nation, like San Francisco, have declared that they will be a sanc-tuary for illegal immigrants. They refuse to cooperate with Federal immi-gration authorities in violation of Fed-eral law. And victims like Kate Steinle pay the ultimate price 
This administration, regrettably, has 
condoned sanctuary cities and has done nothing to make them abide by Federal immigration laws. 
In this case, the killer had been or-
dered deported five times and charged with seven previous felonies but had been released instead. 
If this administration and local offi-
cials in sanctuary cities care about the safety of the American people, they should work to secure our borders and uphold, not undermine, our immigra-tion laws. 
f 
JORDAN DEFENSE COOPERATION 
ACT OF 2015 
(Ms. GRANGER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, as an 
original cosponsor of the United States Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015, I rise in strong support of this bill. 
Jordan is a vital and loyal partner in 
the Middle East. Under King Abdullah’s strong leadership, Jordan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.003 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4779 July 7, 2015 
continues to play a critical role in ad-
vancing peace and stability in the re-gion and in the ongoing campaign to defeat ISIL. 
Jordan is a leader in the fight 
against Islamic extremism, conducting airstrikes, training partner nations and rebel forces, and supplying allies. 
Due to the unrest in the region and 
the hosting of more than 700,000 Syrian refugees, Jordan’s economy faces ongo-ing economic and security needs. 
As chairwoman of the State, Foreign 
Operations, and Related Programs Ap-propriations Subcommittee, I fought to ensure that the Jordanians have the support they need to address these many challenges. 
The United States must continue to 
provide assistance Jordan needs to en-sure its success in coalition operations, including strengthening the borders with Iraq and Syria. It is important for both their security and ours. 
This support is a key component of 
the U.S. efforts to keep terrorism in check, create stability in the Middle East, and protect the American people. This assistance should not be delayed because of unnecessary bureaucracy. Such a valued partner deserves and needs our assistance immediately. 
This resolution allows Jordan to be 
treated as if it were a member of the NATO-plus group of countries, which makes them eligible to receive special treatment for the transfer of U.S. de-fense articles and services. 
This important bill must be enacted. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
b1415 
LONG-TERM INFRASTRUCTURE 
PLAN 
(Mr. CONNOLLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, this 
Congress must come up with a long- term infrastructure plan, and it must do it this month before the highway trust fund expires. 
No great country can stay great 
without investing in its infrastructure. Throughout history, great leaders of both parties have understood there is a return on that investment. George Washington understood the need for in-ternal improvements; so did Henry Clay. In the middle of the Civil War, Abraham Lincoln and this Congress in-vested in the transcontinental railroad. 
They had the vision to understand we 
were making decisions for future gen-erations, and if we don’t, China, India, Japan, and our competitors will. They are making the decisions we are not making. They are advancing while we are retreating in critical infrastructure investment. 
The American people deserve better 
from this Congress. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE 
of Texas). Pursuant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bills were signed by Speaker pro tempore T
HORN -
BERRY on Friday, June 26, 2015: 
H.R. 893, to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in com-memoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes; 
H.R. 1295, to extend the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act, the Gen-eralized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
UNITED STATES-JORDAN DEFENSE 
COOPERATION ACT OF 2015 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 907) to improve defense co-operation between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 907 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United 
States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) As of January 22, 2015, the United 
States Government has provided $3,046,343,000 in assistance to the Syria hu-manitarian response, of which nearly $467,000,000 has been to the Hashemite King-dom of Jordan. 
(2) As of January 2015, according to the 
United Nations High Commissioner for Refu-gees (UNHCR), there are 621,937 registered Syrian refugees in Jordan and 83.8 percent of those refugees live outside refugee camps. 
(3) In 2000, the United States and Jordan 
signed a free-trade agreement that went into force in 2001. 
(4) In 1996, the United States granted Jor-
dan major non-NATO ally status. 
(5) Jordan is suffering from the Syrian ref-
ugee crisis and the threat of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). 
(6) The Government of Jordan was elected 
as a non-permanent member of the United Nations Security Council beginning in Janu-ary 2014 and terminating in December 2015. 
(7) Enhanced support for defense coopera-
tion with Jordan is important to the na-tional security of the United States, includ-ing through creation of a status in law for Jordan similar to the countries in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, Japan, Aus-tralia, the Republic of Korea, Israel, and New 
Zealand, with respect to consideration by Congress of foreign military sales to Jordan. 
(8) The Colorado National Guard’s relation-
ship with the Jordanian military provides a significant benefit to both the United States and Jordan. 
(9) Jordanian pilot Moaz al-Kasasbeh was 
brutally murdered by ISIL. 
(10) On February 3, 2015, Secretary of State 
John Kerry and Jordanian Foreign Minister Nasser Judeh signed a new Memorandum of Understanding that reflects the intention to increase United States assistance to the Government of Jordan from $660,000,000 to $1,000,000,000 per year for the years 2015 through 2017. 
SEC. 3. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It should be the policy of the United States 
to support the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan in its response to the Syrian refugee crisis, provide necessary assistance to alleviate the domestic burden to provide basic needs for the assimilated Syrian refugees, cooperate with Jordan to combat the terrorist threat from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant (ISIL) or other terrorist organizations, and help secure the border between Jordan and its neighbors Syria and Iraq. 
SEC. 4. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that expeditious 
consideration of certifications of letters of offer to sell defense articles, defense serv-ices, design and construction services, and major defense equipment to the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan under section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2776(b)) is fully consistent with United States secu-rity and foreign policy interests and the ob-jectives of world peace and security. 
SEC. 5. ENHANCED DEFENSE COOPERATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For the 3-year period be-
ginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan shall 
be treated as if it were a country listed in the provisions of law described in subsection (b) for purposes of applying and admin-istering such provisions of law. 
(b) P
ROVISIONS OF LAW.—The provisions of 
law described in this subsection are the fol-lowing provisions of the Arms Export Con-trol Act: 
(1) Subsections (b)(2), (d)(2)(B), (d)(3)(A)(i), 
and (d)(5) of section 3 (22 U.S.C. 2753). 
(2) Subsections (e)(2)(A), (h)(1)(A), (h)(2) of 
section 21 (22 U.S.C. 2761). 
(3) Subsections (b)(1), (b)(2), (b)(6), (c), and 
(d)(2)(A) of section 36 (22 U.S.C. 2776). 
(4) Section 62(c)(1) (22 U.S.C. 2796a(c)(1)). (5) Section 63(a)(2) (22 U.S.C. 2796b(a)(2)). 
SEC. 6. MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING. 
The Secretary of State is authorized, sub-
ject to the availability of appropriations, to enter into a Memorandum of Understanding with the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan to increase economic support funds, military cooperation, including joint military exer-cises, personnel exchanges, support for inter-national peacekeeping missions, and en-hanced strategic dialogue. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) and the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C ON-
NOLLY ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to sub-mit statements or extraneous mate-rials for the R
ECORD on this measure. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.004 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4780 July 7, 2015 
There was no objection. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 907, which is before 
us, is a simple, straightforward, com-monsense bill that not only helps se-cure U.S. national security interests, but also the security interests of one of our closest allies in the Middle East, the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
This bill will give Jordan the ability 
to buy defense articles, defense serv-ices, and major defense equipment under the Arms Export Control Act, as long as any sale is fully consistent with United States security and for-eign policy interests and objectives. 
The bill also supports the Hashemite 
Kingdom of Jordan in its response to the Syrian refugee crisis to help allevi-ate the domestic burden to provide basic needs for the assimilated Syrian refugees, and the bill also calls for greater cooperation with Jordan to fight the terrorist threat from the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant— ISIL—or any other terrorist organiza-tion. 
Late last year, Mr. Speaker, I intro-
duced this bill after leading a congres-sional delegation to Jordan. We trav-eled to Jordan to see how the people of Jordan were dealing with the strains put on them from the humanitarian crisis developing in Syria. 
The King of Jordan had taken in 
somewhere in the neighborhood of 1 million refugees, despite the toll it has taken on his country’s infrastructure and resources; but despite the added pressures the Kingdom was facing from the refugee crisis, the King told us that one of the most pressing issues he was facing was the encroachment of ISIL toward his borders. 
He stressed that he was willing to 
help lead the fight against ISIL, but he just did not have sufficient military equipment with which to do so. 
I understand how important the sta-
bility and security of Jordan is not just for the region, but also for another strong ally of ours, the democratic Jewish State of Israel. It made sense that, in order to maintain the fragile stability in some of the countries in the region, we would need to help bol-ster the capabilities of our friends who are committed to defeating this radical extremist threat. 
We marked up the bill in November 
of last year, but simply ran out of time at the end of the Congress. I reintro-duced the bill again this year, along-side Mr. T
EDDEUTCH of Florida, the 
ranking member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee; K
AY 
GRANGER , chairman of the State, For-
eign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Subcommittee; and N
ITALOWEY , ranking member of the 
State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Sub-committee. 
I thank Chairman R
OYCE and Rank-
ing Member E NGEL because it is 
through their leadership that we were able to pass the bill out of the Foreign 
Affairs Committee unanimously this past April. 
Mr. Speaker, in Jordan, the U.S. 
could not ask for a more committed partner in the fight against ISIL. King Abdullah is committed to that fight. He understands the urgency and need to address ISIL head on, and he has shown that he is willing to take the necessary measures to defeat these ex-tremists, but he needs more resources to fight ISIL. He needs these resources to protect the security of his people. 
Congress must do everything that we 
can to help our friends defend them-selves and defeat this scourge of terror. I urge my colleagues to support this important bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 
907, the U.S.-Jordan Defense Coopera-tion Act of 2015. As the Middle East has become more unstable and as ISIS con-tinues to terrorize the people of Syria, Iraq, and its neighbors, Jordan remains resolute. While ISIS threatens its bor-ders and terrorizes its people, Jordan has fought back. 
When Jordan Air Force pilot Captain 
al-Kasasbeh was brutally murdered— burned alive in a cage, Mr. Speaker— Jordan did not shrink; it did not re-treat. Instead, it took even a more ac-tive role in airstrikes against the ISIS threat. 
The Syrian civil war and instability 
created by ISIS has placed a tremen-dous pressure on the country of Jordan. Jordan has absorbed 620,000 Syrian ref-ugees during this crisis. Its healthcare and educational systems are under se-vere strain as a result. 
The United States has provided over 
$460 million in response, on top of the over $1 billion in bilateral foreign as-sistance Jordan received last year. In February, the U.S. and Jordanian Gov-ernments signed a memorandum of un-derstanding outlining the intention to provide Jordan with $1 billion per year for the next 3 years. This agreement and this legislation seek to ensure that Jordan is able to defend itself in the wake of these severe threats. 
For the next 3 years, the bill would 
treat Jordan as a NATO member in how weapons sales and maintenance, manufacturing licensing agreements, and technical assistance are considered and notified to this Congress. The bill also authorizes a MOU with Jordan to increase economic and military assist-ance, as well as joint military oper-
ations. 
The U.S.-Jordanian relationship is 
mutually beneficial. Now, more than ever, Jordan needs U.S. support. We need strong Jordanian resolve in the face of the threat against ISIS. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
we have no further speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, let me 
close by noting that this bill is crucial because it shows that, if given proper assistance, the region can stand up for itself. This measure does not put U.S. boots on the ground. U.S. support and leadership is appreciated, of course, but Jordan is seeking to defend itself with our help. 
We have had many solemn conversa-
tions in this body and on this floor about issues of war and peace. This bill demonstrates U.S. leadership in pre-paring others to fight their own bat-tles, and that is an important strategy as we move forward. This legislation is consistent with that principle. 
I urge my colleagues to give this 
their full support, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I thank my good friend, the gen-
tleman from Virginia, for his com-ments. I know that it comes from great experience. I believe that he also served as a staff member on the For-eign Relations Committee in the Sen-ate. That has definitely helped him 
form his opinions and expertise. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Will the gentle-
woman yield? 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. I yield to the 
gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I am just amazed 
that my friend from Florida would be in possession of such intricate knowl-edge. I thank her for acknowledging it. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Reclaiming my 
time, this bill could not come at a more important time, Mr. Speaker. 
In March, I was honored to join 
Speaker B
OEHNER on a congressional 
trip to Jordan in order to discuss the growing threat to that region. I had previously gone there on my own CODEL. Now, going back in March, I see how ISIL has created an even greater threat to the Hashemite King-dom of Jordan and the refugee crisis continues to build up for the Kingdom of Jordan. 
We expressed our appreciation to His 
Majesty for his steadfast commitment, to support his efforts to fight this ISIL threat, and help him with the burden of the refugees. 
The King reiterated again his com-
mitment to defeating ISIL and the need for more assistance from the international community. We told him that we would do what we could to en-sure that he had all of the tools needed to win this fight against ISIL. 
Since the coalition campaign against 
ISIL began, Mr. Speaker, the terror group has made great gains in Iraq and Syria. It has expanded its influence across the globe to places like Libya, Tunisia, Sinai, Europe, and even here in the United States. 
Congress needs to do our part. We 
need to step up. We need to show our allies that we are committed to help them. They are taking the fight to ISIL. Let’s help them with these tools. We need to show ISIL and all of our en-emies that we will stand by our allies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.006 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4781 July 7, 2015 
We will stand by our friends and help 
them do what is necessary—all that is necessary—to defeat terror and to de-feat radical extremism. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
vital, important bill and support our key ally, the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. I would like to thank Mr. R
OYCE and Mr. E NGEL again for their 
leadership, as well as Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. 
GRANGER , and Mrs. L OWEY . 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong 
support of H.R. 907, U.S.-Jordan Defense Co-operation Act of 2015. 
The United States has no stronger partner 
in the Arab world than Jordan, and His Maj-esty King Abdullah II continues to be a pio-neer in bolstering moderate political voices both in Jordan and throughout the Muslim world. 
During such a tumultuous time in the region, 
with the rise of ISIL and the unprecedented humanitarian needs of millions of refugees, stability and security in Jordan remain vital to our own interests. 
That is why this legislation is so important. 
It would help strengthen military and economic ties between our two countries. 
As the Ranking Member of the House Ap-
propriations Subcommittee on State and For-eign Operations, I remain committed to our strategic partnership with Jordan, and I will continue to work as hard as possible to pro-mote stability, economic growth, and pros-perity for the Jordanian people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 907, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
VETERAN’S I.D. CARD ACT 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 91) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
as follows: 
Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Identi-
fication Card Act 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. VETERANS IDENTIFICATION CARD. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) Effective on the day before the date of the 
enactment of this Act, veteran identification cards were issued to veterans who have either completed the statutory time-in-service require-ment for retirement from the Armed Forces or who have received a medical-related discharge from the Armed Forces. (2) Effective on the day before the date of the 
enactment of this Act, a veteran who served a minimum obligated time in service, but who did not meet the criteria described in paragraph (1), did not receive a means of identifying the vet-eran’s status as a veteran other than using the Department of Defense form DD–214 discharge papers of the veteran. 
(3) Goods, services, and promotional activities 
are often offered by public and private institu-tions to veterans who demonstrate proof of serv-ice in the military, but it is impractical for a vet-eran to always carry Department of Defense form DD–214 discharge papers to demonstrate such proof. 
(4) A general purpose veteran identification 
card made available to veterans would be useful to demonstrate the status of the veterans with-out having to carry and use official Department of Defense form DD–214 discharge papers. 
(5) On the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Department of Veterans Affairs had the infrastructure in place across the United States to produce photographic iden-tification cards and accept a small payment to cover the cost of these cards. 
(b) P
ROVISION OF VETERAN IDENTIFICATION  
CARDS.—Chapter 57 of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by adding after section 5705 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 5706. Veterans identification card 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs shall issue an identification card de-scribed in subsection (b) to each veteran who— 
‘‘(1) requests such card; ‘‘(2) presents a copy of Department of Defense 
form DD–214 or other official document from the official military personnel file of the veteran that describes the service of the veteran; and 
‘‘(3) pays the fee under subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(b) I
DENTIFICATION CARD.—An identification 
card described in this subsection is a card issued to a veteran that— 
‘‘(1) displays a photograph of the veteran; ‘‘(2) displays the name of the veteran; ‘‘(3) explains that such card is not proof of 
any benefits to which the veteran is entitled to; 
‘‘(4) contains an identification number that is 
not a social security number; and 
‘‘(5) serves as proof that such veteran— ‘‘(A) served in the Armed Forces; and ‘‘(B) has a Department of Defense form DD– 
214 or other official document in the official military personnel file of the veteran that de-scribes the service of the veteran. 
‘‘(c) C
OSTS OF CARD.—(1) The Secretary shall 
charge a fee to each veteran who receives an identification card issued under this section, in-cluding a replacement identification card. 
‘‘(2)(A) The fee charged under paragraph (1) 
shall equal such amount as the Secretary deter-mines is necessary to issue an identification card under this section. 
‘‘(B) In determining the amount of the fee 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall en-sure that the total amount of fees collected under paragraph (1) equals an amount nec-essary to carry out this section, including costs related to any additional equipment or per-sonnel required to carry out this section. 
‘‘(C) The Secretary shall review and reassess 
the determination under subparagraph (A) dur-ing each five-year period in which the Secretary issues an identification card under this section. 
‘‘(3) Amounts collected under this subsection 
shall be deposited in an account of the Depart-ment available to carry out this section. Amounts so deposited shall be— 
‘‘(A) merged with amounts in such account; ‘‘(B) available in such amounts as may be 
provided in appropriation Acts; and 
‘‘(C) subject to the same conditions and limi-
tations as amounts otherwise in such account. 
‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF CARD ON BENEFITS .—(1) An 
identification card issued under this section shall not serve as proof of any benefits that the veteran may be entitled to under this title. ‘‘(2) A veteran who is issued an identification 
card under this section shall not be entitled to any benefits under this title by reason of pos-sessing such card. 
‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATIVE MEASURES .—(1) The Sec-
retary shall ensure that any information col-lected or used with respect to an identification card issued under this section is appropriately secured. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may determine any appro-
priate procedures with respect to issuing a re-placement identification card. 
‘‘(3) In carrying out this section, the Secretary 
shall coordinate with the National Personnel Records Center. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary may conduct such out-
reach to advertise the identification card under this section as the Secretary considers appro-priate. 
‘‘(f) C
ONSTRUCTION .—This section shall not be 
construed to affect identification cards other-wise provided by the Secretary to veterans en-rolled in the health care system established under section 1705(a) of this title.’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 5705 the following new item: 
‘‘5706. Veterans identification card.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by this Act shall take effect on the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN ). Pursuant to the rule, the 
gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A BRA-
HAM) and the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. T AKANO ) each will control 
20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Louisiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ABRAHAM. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material on the Senate amendment to H.R. 91. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? 
There was no objection. 
b1430 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, many businesses 
show their gratitude to our Nation’s servicemembers and veterans by offer-ing special discounts on goods and services to those who have served our Nation in uniform. 
Unfortunately, unless a servicemem-
ber is a qualified military retiree, DOD does not issue an official ID card as proof of service. That means that mil-lions of veterans cannot easily provide evidence of their service. 
This bill, as amended, would change 
that by directing the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to issue a veteran’s ID card that would display the veteran’s name and photograph to any veteran who requests such a card, as long as the veteran is not entitled to military retired pay, nor enrolled in the VA healthcare system. 
This card would give those who 
served in the Armed Forces a conven-ient way to prove that they are vet-erans, for the purpose of receiving the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.007 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4782 July 7, 2015 
promotions and discounts offered by 
many businesses around the country. 
The bill, as amended, would also re-
quire the Secretary to determine a fee to be charged that would cover all costs of producing the cards and man-aging the program. The bill also speci-fies that the card does not entitle the holder to any VA benefits. 
H.R. 91 passed the House by a vote of 
402–0 on May 18. The Senate passed it by unanimous consent on June 22, with an amendment that would authorize VA to provide this card to any person who meets the statutory definition of a veteran. 
Under current law, a veteran is de-
fined as ‘‘a person who served in the ac-tive military, naval, or air service and who was discharged or released there-from under conditions other than dis-honorable.’’ 
I thank my colleague Mr. B
UCHANAN  
for his efforts on this commonsense legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. TAKANO. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
H.R. 91 passed the House 402–0, as my 
good friend mentioned, in May. It was amended by the Senate and passed 2 weeks ago. Today, we are taking up the Senate amendment to H.R. 91. This measure will assist veterans in proving that they are indeed veterans. 
In most instances, a veteran must be 
enrolled with the VA to receive a VA ID card or utilize their DD–214 to prove their military service, which may con-tain personal health information. 
Veterans who retire from the armed 
services are issued a Department of De-fense ID card that serves this purpose. However, the majority of servicemem-bers do not retire in service, leaving millions of veterans sometimes chal-lenged to provide proof of their honor-able military service. 
Extending the option of a veterans ID 
is a simple way to resolve this issue and honor America’s veterans. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
UCHANAN ). 
Mr. BUCHANAN. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the chairman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, today is a good day 
for our Nation’s veterans. 
My legislation will allow all veterans 
to receive official ID cards through the VA. No longer will veterans be forced to carry around documents that con-tain sensitive information that puts them at needless risk of identity theft, and it does all this at no cost to the taxpayer. 
Madam Speaker, this bill is a prime 
example of what can be accomplished when we put partisanship aside and the needs of our country first. 
Thank you, and God bless our men 
and women in uniform. 
Mr. TAKANO. Madam Speaker, I join 
Vietnam Veterans of America, the As-sociation of the U.S. Navy, American 
Veterans, and others in wholehearted support of the Senate amendment to H.R. 91, the Veterans I.D. Card Act of 2015. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Madam Speaker, 
once again, I encourage all Members to support the Senate amendment to H.R. 91, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment to the bill, H.R. 91. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Madam Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
LAND MANAGEMENT WORKFORCE 
FLEXIBILITY ACT 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1531) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal em-ployees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant perma-nent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1531 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Land Man-
agement Workforce Flexibility Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PERSONNEL FLEXIBILITIES RELATING TO 
LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart I of part III of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after chapter 95 the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER 96—PERSONNEL FLEXIBILI-
TIES RELATING TO LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCIES 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘9601. Definitions. ‘‘9602. Competitive service; time-limited ap-
pointments. 
‘‘§ 9601. Definitions 
‘‘For purposes of this chapter— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘land management agency’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) the Forest Service of the Department 
of Agriculture; 
‘‘(B) the Bureau of Land Management of 
the Department of the Interior; 
‘‘(C) the National Park Service of the De-
partment of the Interior; 
‘‘(D) the Fish and Wildlife Service of the 
Department of the Interior; 
‘‘(E) the Bureau of Indian Affairs of the De-
partment of the Interior; and ‘‘(F) the Bureau of Reclamation of the De-
partment of the Interior; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘time-limited appointment’ 
includes a temporary appointment and a term appointment, as defined by the Office of Personnel Management. 
‘‘§ 9602. Competitive service; time-limited ap-
pointments 
‘‘(a) Notwithstanding chapter 33 or any 
other provision of law relating to the exam-ination, certification, and appointment of in-dividuals in the competitive service, an em-ployee of a land management agency serving under a time-limited appointment in the competitive service is eligible to compete for a permanent appointment in the competitive service at any land management agency or any other agency (as defined in section 101 of title 31) under the internal merit promotion procedures of the applicable agency if— 
‘‘(1) the employee was appointed initially 
under open, competitive examination under subchapter I of chapter 33 to the time-lim-ited appointment; 
‘‘(2) the employee has served under 1 or 
more time-limited appointments by a land management agency for a period or periods totaling more than 24 months without a break of 2 or more years; and 
‘‘(3) the employee’s performance has been 
at an acceptable level of performance throughout the period or periods (as the case may be) referred to in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(b) In determining the eligibility of a 
time-limited employee under this section to be examined for or appointed in the competi-tive service, the Office of Personnel Manage-
ment or other examining agency shall waive requirements as to age, unless the require-ment is essential to the performance of the duties of the position. 
‘‘(c) An individual appointed under this 
section— 
‘‘(1) becomes a career-conditional em-
ployee, unless the employee has otherwise completed the service requirements for ca-reer tenure; and 
‘‘(2) acquires competitive status upon ap-
pointment. 
‘‘(d) A former employee of a land manage-
ment agency who served under a time-lim-ited appointment and who otherwise meets the requirements of this section shall be deemed a time-limited employee for purposes of this section if— 
‘‘(1) such employee applies for a position 
covered by this section within the period of 2 years after the most recent date of separa-tion; and 
‘‘(2) such employee’s most recent separa-
tion was for reasons other than misconduct or performance. 
‘‘(e) The Office of Personnel Management 
shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out this section.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for part III of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item for chapter 95 the following: 
‘‘96. Personnel flexibilities relating to 
land management agencies .......... 9601’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) and the gen-
tleman from Virginia (Mr. C ONNOLLY ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.010 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4783 July 7, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 1531, introduced by our col-league from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). 
The Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act allows certain tem-porary workers to compete for full- time positions when vacancies arise. 
Many of the Federal Government’s 
firefighters work on a temporary basis and gain valuable experience as they return year after year to battle West-ern wildfires. Current law prevents these experienced employees from com-peting for full-time jobs under internal merit promotion procedures. 
This commonsense bill will allow 
Federal land agencies to fully consider the applications of experienced work-ers when they identify the need for a full-time employee. 
Covered agencies include the Forest 
Service, the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, the National Park Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs, and the Bureau of Reclamation. 
The bill does not change the total 
number of Federal jobs available or the salaries paid to Federal employees; rather, it expands the pool of individ-uals eligible for Federal land manage-ment positions. 
Of course, the bill does impose a few 
conditions to be eligible to compete for a full-time position, including length of service and adherence to perform-ance standards. 
I urge support for this bipartisan leg-
islation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I thank my friend from Georgia (Mr. 
C
ARTER ) for being here today on the 
floor. 
Madam Speaker, obviously, I rise in 
strong support of our bipartisan Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act. I want to take a moment to recog-nize our colleagues, Congressman D
ON 
YOUNG of Alaska and Congressman R OB 
BISHOP of Utah, two of this Chamber’s 
most dedicated advocates for the men and women who comprise America’s hard-working temporary civil service, particularly our Nation’s courageous temporary seasonal wildland fire-fighters. 
It was an honor to join my esteemed 
colleagues, who have each served as chairman of the House Natural Re-sources Committee, to develop and in-troduce this good government legisla-tion. The spirit of bipartisanship that went into creating it is reflected in the equal number of Democratic and Re-publican cosponsors. 
Further, I was pleased that the entire 
Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform joined us in unanimously supporting this much-needed reform to 
remove arbitrary barriers that prevent talented, long-term temporary sea-sonal employees from just competing for vacant permanent positions, as my friend from Georgia described. 
As the committee noted favorably in 
reporting the bill, our legislation will improve government effectiveness by enhancing the quality of the pool of ap-plicants for Federal positions. 
Our commonsense legislation pro-
vides long-serving, temporary seasonal wildland firefighters and other sea-sonal employees with the same career advancement opportunities available to all other Federal employees. 
Specifically, the Land Management 
Workforce Flexibility Act authorizes qualifying land management agency employees serving under time-limited appointments to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, just as any permanent Federal employee is eli-gible to do. 
Our bill is deficit neutral, as my 
friend from Georgia indicated, because it only strengthens the pool of individ-uals eligible to compete for vacant Federal permanent positions. It does not create new positions. 
As the nonpartisan Congressional 
Budget Office noted, ‘‘CBO estimates that implementing the legislation would have no significant effect on the Federal budget. Enacting the bill would not affect direct spending or rev-enues because our bipartisan bill would,’’ to quote CBO, ‘‘not change the total number of Federal jobs avail-able.’’ 
As many of my colleagues under-
stand, particularly those Members who represent Western constituencies in America, many Federal land manage-ment employees, including wildland firefighters, are often hired under tem-porary appointments that amount to less than 6 months or 1,040 hours. These individuals, so often called temporary appointments, repeatedly are extended on an annual basis. 
As Congressman S
TEPHEN LYNCH , my 
friend from Massachusetts, the former chairman of the Federal Workforce Subcommittee, observed at a 2010 hear-ing: ‘‘Oftentimes, seasonal temporary employees have worked in the same ca-pacity year after year, decade after decade.’’ 
Despite those years of service and 
putting themselves often in harm’s way, career advancement and opportu-nities are severely limited. It is dif-ficult to overstate the adverse impact the unfair policy of precluding their ability to compete for the same jobs as full-time Federal employees has on Americans serving under term-limited appointments since many agencies uti-lize merit promotion to competitively fill nonentry-level jobs. 
Indeed, bipartisan concerns have 
been raised over a status quo where, no matter how long an individual may serve under a term-limited appoint-ment, even one that is originally ob-tained under open, competitive exam-
ination, he or she never can acquire the status that would enable him or her to compete for vacant permanent posi-tions. 
For example, a former chairman of 
the House Civil Service Subcommittee addressed the illogical inequity of this position at a 1993 hearing, stating: 
Furthermore, there needs to be better ac-
cess for all temporary employees, not just term employees, to apply for permanent po-sitions within the Federal Government. It is simply unfair that, after years of employ-ment, a temporary employee applying for a permanent position job is no better off than someone off the street applying for a job. Agencies could save large sums of money on education and training by hiring more tem-porary employees for permanent positions. 
At the same hearing, former Con-
gressman Dan Burton submitted a statement for the R
ECORD , expressing 
the view: ‘‘One of the best things we can do for temporary employees is to increase their opportunities to compete for permanent positions.’’ 
The current barrier to competition 
placed on our Nation’s temporary sea-sonal employees demoralizes the dedi-cated and courageous corps of tem-porary civil servants that serve in land management agencies, and it contrib-utes to increased attrition and, ulti-mately, leads to higher training costs and a less-experienced and capable workforce. 
As the devastating 2014 California 
wildfires demonstrated, our country cannot afford to degrade its wildland firefighting and emergency response capabilities that put themselves in harm’s way. Our bipartisan bill is con-sistent with the Office of Personnel Management’s support for the concept. 
In closing, I strongly urge all my col-
leagues to support this bipartisan Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
b1445 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
AR-
TER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1531. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.012 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4784 July 7, 2015 
include extraneous material on H.R. 
2822 and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
C
ARTER of Georgia). Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 333 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822. 
Will the gentlewoman from Florida 
(Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) kindly take the 
chair. 
b1446 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN  
(Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Thursday, June 25, 2015, an amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ) had been disposed of, and 
the bill had been read through page 76, line 4. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I move 
to strike the last word. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I 
would encourage Members who have striking amendments to come to the floor immediately. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT AND MAINTENANCE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses of the Forest Serv-
ice, not otherwise provided for, $357,363,000, to remain available until expended, for con-struction, capital improvement, mainte-nance and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; and for con-struction, reconstruction, decommissioning of roads that are no longer needed, including unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system, and maintenance of forest roads and trails by the Forest Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided , That $40,000,000 
shall be designated for urgently needed road decommissioning, road and trail repair and maintenance and associated activities, and removal of fish passage barriers, especially in areas where Forest Service roads may be contributing to water quality problems in streams and water bodies which support threatened, endangered, or sensitive species or community water sources: Provided fur-
ther, That funds becoming available in fiscal 
year 2016 under the Act of March 4, 1913 (16 U.S.C. 501) shall be transferred to the Gen-eral Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose unless the funds are appro-priated: Provided further , That of the funds 
provided for decommissioning of roads, up to $14,743,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘Na-tional Forest System’’ to support the Inte-grated Resource Restoration pilot program. 
LAND ACQUISITION  
For expenses necessary to carry out the 
provisions of the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund Act of 1965, (16 U.S.C. 460l-4 et seq.), including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory au-thority applicable to the Forest Service, $20,000,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POE OF TEXAS  
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Chair, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 77, line 14, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Chair, this 
amendment takes $1 million out of the Forest Service land acquisition ac-count and then, for technical reasons, inserts it back into the same account with the intent to identify unused land for potential sale. 
The United States Federal Govern-
ment currently owns around 640 mil-lion acres of land. That is just a num-ber. But that is 27 percent of the landmass in the United States, owned by Uncle Sam. That is the same size as all of Western Europe, if you can imag-ine that, that being 27 percent of the United States landmass. The Forest Service alone owns over 230 million acres of this Federal land. 
This amendment is very simple. All 
it does is to have the Federal Govern-ment examine the land that it has in its possession for the potential sale back to Americans so that Americans can own America. 
We are not talking about National 
Forests. We are not talking about the Grand Canyon. We are talking about unused land that is owned by the Fed-eral Government. 
It will have the Federal Government 
go through that land—27 percent of the landmass in the country—and decide whether some of that might actually be better to be in the possession and the property of Americans so that, if Americans then own the land, that land in some State—like Utah—can then be developed by Americans, and then those people can pay taxes on the land that would go to the State of Utah, for example. Right now the land is unused. It is not able to be produc-tive. 
So that is what this amendment 
would do: have the Forest Service study the possibility of selling some of that unused land back to the United States. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I urge 
the adoption of the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
ACQUISITION OF LANDS FOR NATIONAL FORESTS  
SPECIAL ACTS  
For acquisition of lands within the exte-
rior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland Na-tional Forests, California, as authorized by law, $950,000, to be derived from forest re-ceipts. 
ACQUISITION OF LANDS TO COMPLETE LAND  
EXCHANGES  
For acquisition of lands, such sums, to be 
derived from funds deposited by State, coun-ty, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for authorized expenditures from funds deposited by non-Federal parties pursuant to Land Sale and Exchange Acts, pursuant to the Act of December 4, 1967 (16 U.S.C. 484a), to remain available until expended (16 U.S.C. 460l-516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96–586; Public Law 76–589, 76–591; and Public Law 78–310). 
RANGE BETTERMENT FUND  
For necessary expenses of range rehabilita-
tion, protection, and improvement, 50 per-cent of all moneys received during the prior fiscal year, as fees for grazing domestic live-stock on lands in National Forests in the 16 Western States, pursuant to section 401(b)(1) of Public Law 94–579, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed 6 per-cent shall be available for administrative ex-penses associated with on-the-ground range rehabilitation, protection, and improve-ments. 
GIFTS , DONATIONS AND BEQUESTS FOR FOREST  
AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  
For expenses authorized by 16 U.S.C. 
1643(b), $45,000, to remain available until ex-pended, to be derived from the fund estab-lished pursuant to the above Act. 
MANAGEMENT OF NATIONAL FOREST LANDS FOR  
SUBSISTENCE USES  
For necessary expenses of the Forest Serv-
ice to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsistence uses under title VIII of the Alas-ka National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 96–487), $2,441,000, to remain available until expended. 
WILDLAND FIRE MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses for forest fire 
presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency fire suppression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands, emergency rehabilitation of burned- over National Forest System lands and water, and for State and volunteer fire as-sistance, $2,373,078,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such funds in-
cluding unobligated balances under this heading, are available for repayment of ad-vances from other appropriations accounts previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further , That such funds shall be 
available to reimburse State and other co-operating entities for services provided in re-sponse to wildfire and other emergencies or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.014 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4785 July 7, 2015 
disasters to the extent such reimbursements 
by the Forest Service for non-fire emer-gencies are fully repaid by the responsible emergency management agency: Provided 
further , That, notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, $6,914,000 of funds appro-priated under this appropriation shall be available for the Forest Service in support of fire science research authorized by the Joint Fire Science Program, including all Forest Service authorities for the use of funds, such as contracts, grants, research joint venture agreements, and cooperative agreements: Provided further , That all authorities for the 
use of funds, including the use of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements, avail-able to execute the Forest and Rangeland Research appropriation, are also available in the utilization of these funds for Fire Science Research: Provided further , That 
funds provided shall be available for emer-gency rehabilitation and restoration, haz-ardous fuels management activities, support to Federal emergency response, and wildfire suppression activities of the Forest Service: Provided further , That of the funds provided, 
$361,749,000 is for hazardous fuels manage-ment activities, $19,795,000 is for research ac-tivities and to make competitive research grants pursuant to the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Research Act, (16 U.S.C. 1641 et seq.), $78,000,000 is for State fire assistance, and $13,000,000 is for volun-teer fire assistance under section 10 of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2106): Provided further , That 
amounts in this paragraph may be trans-ferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’, and ‘‘Forest and Rangeland Research’’ accounts to fund forest and rangeland research, the Joint Fire Science Program, vegetation and watershed management, heritage site reha-bilitation, and wildlife and fish habitat man-agement and restoration: Provided further , 
That the costs of implementing any coopera-tive agreement between the Federal Govern-ment and any non-Federal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the af-fected parties: Provided further , That up to 
$15,000,000 of the funds provided herein may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into procurement contracts or coopera-tive agreements or to issue grants for haz-ardous fuels management activities and for training or monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management activities on Federal land or on non-Federal land if the Secretary determines such activities imple-ment a community wildfire protection plan (or equivalent) and benefit resources on Fed-eral land: Provided further , That funds made 
available to implement the Community For-est Restoration Act, Public Law 106–393, title VI, shall be available for use on non-Federal lands in accordance with authorities made available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation: Provided further , That the Secretary of the 
Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appro-priated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such trans-fers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Pro-
vided further , That of the funds provided for 
hazardous fuels management, not to exceed $5,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Serv-ice under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation, for the purpose of creating in-centives for increased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided fur-
ther, That funds designated for wildfire sup-
pression, including funds transferred from the ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’, shall be assessed for cost pools on the same basis as such assessments are cal-culated against other agency programs: Pro-
vided further , That of the funds for hazardous 
fuels management, up to $28,077,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ to support the Integrated Resource Restora-tion pilot program. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 79, line 17, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000) (decreased by $1,000,000)’’. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chairman, I 
reserve a point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 333, 
the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, we still see 
approximately 3,000 deaths, 17,000 inju-ries, and $3 billion spent annually as a result of wildfires across the country. 
In many ways, wildfires lack parity 
with nearly every other natural dis-aster and are hugely underfunded when it comes to mitigation, prevention, and suppression. 
Despite the fact the fires often occur 
in rural communities with smaller pop-ulations, wildfires demand intensive resources, equipment, and infrastruc-ture. 
The Volunteer Fire Assistance grant 
program is critical to moving the nee-dle on wildfire management and sup-porting the men and women who serve in our volunteer fire agencies, includ-ing in my district in Colorado. Though this grant program is small and ori-ented towards lesser trafficked commu-nities, its impact is incredible. 
The Volunteer Fire Assistance pro-
gram provides matching funds to vol-unteer fire departments protecting communities with 10,000 or fewer resi-dents to purchase equipment and train-ing for use in wildland fire suppression. 
Volunteer fire departments provide 
nearly 80 percent of the initial attack on wildfires across the United States, but, unfortunately, these volunteer fire departments frequently lack the finan-cial resources. And $1 million makes an enormous difference for our volunteer fire departments across the country. 
Unfortunately, in recent years, Fed-
eral funding for volunteer fire depart-ments to prepare for wildland fire sup-pression has dwindled. VFA has seen funding reduced from $16 million in FY 2010 to $15.6 million in 2011 and approxi-mately $13 million in FY 2012–2015. 
Additionally, the Rural Fire Assist-
ance program, which has historically been funded at $7 to $10 million per year and provided matching grants to fire departments that agreed to assist in responding to wildland fires on Fed-eral lands, hasn’t been funded since FY 2010. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I with-
draw my reservation of a point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The reservation 
of the point of order is withdrawn. 
Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, Federal 
support is critical to ensure volunteer fire departments are able to safely and effectively respond to wildland fires. 
The bipartisan amendment I offer 
today with my colleagues, Representa-tives R
UIZof California and P ETER  
KINGof New York, would help ensure 
that we have stronger support for our volunteer fire departments across our country. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment that has been supported by the Congressional Fire Service Insti-tute, the International Association of Fire Chiefs, and National Volunteer Fire Council. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
FLAME WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION RESERVE FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses for large fire sup-
pression operations of the Department of Ag-riculture and as a reserve fund for suppres-sion and Federal emergency response activi-ties, $315,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such amounts are 
only available for transfer to the ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ account following a dec-laration by the Secretary in accordance with section 502 of the FLAME Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 1748a). 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS , FOREST SERVICE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
Appropriations to the Forest Service for 
the current fiscal year shall be available for: (1) purchase of passenger motor vehicles; ac-quisition of passenger motor vehicles from excess sources, and hire of such vehicles; purchase, lease, operation, maintenance, and acquisition of aircraft to maintain the oper-able fleet for use in Forest Service wildland fire programs and other Forest Service pro-grams; notwithstanding other provisions of law, existing aircraft being replaced may be sold, with proceeds derived or trade-in value used to offset the purchase price for the re-placement aircraft; (2) services pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 2225, and not to exceed $100,000 for em-ployment under 5 U.S.C. 3109; (3) purchase, erection, and alteration of buildings and other public improvements (7 U.S.C. 2250); (4) acquisition of land, waters, and interests therein pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 428a; (5) for ex-penses pursuant to the Volunteers in the Na-tional Forest Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 558a, 558d, and 558a note); (6) the cost of uniforms as au-thorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and (7) for debt collection contracts in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 3718(c). 
Any appropriations or funds available to 
the Forest Service may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for forest firefighting, emergency rehabilitation of burned-over or damaged lands or waters under its jurisdiction, and fire preparedness due to severe burning conditions upon the Secretary’s notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all fire suppression funds appropriated under the headings ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.008 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4786 July 7, 2015 
and ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve 
Fund’’ will be obligated within 30 days: Pro-
vided , That all funds used pursuant to this 
paragraph must be replenished by a supple-mental appropriation which must be re-quested as promptly as possible. 
Funds appropriated to the Forest Service 
shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Devel-opment in connection with forest and range-land research, technical information, and as-sistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support forestry and related nat-ural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, in-cluding technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with U.S., private, and international organizations. The Forest Service, acting for the International Pro-gram, may sign direct funding agreements with foreign governments and institutions as well as other domestic agencies (including the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment, the Department of State, and the Mil-lennium Challenge Corporation), U.S. pri-vate sector firms, institutions and organiza-tions to provide technical assistance and training programs overseas on forestry and rangeland management. 
Funds appropriated to the Forest Service 
shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, for removal, preparation, and adoption of excess wild horses and bur-ros from National Forest System lands, and for the performance of cadastral surveys to designate the boundaries of such lands. 
None of the funds made available to the 
Forest Service in this Act or any other Act with respect to any fiscal year shall be sub-ject to transfer under the provisions of sec-tion 702(b) of the Department of Agriculture Organic Act of 1944 (7 U.S.C. 2257), section 442 of Public Law 106–224 (7 U.S.C. 7772), or sec-tion 10417(b) of Public Law 107–107 (7 U.S.C. 8316(b)). 
None of the funds available to the Forest 
Service may be reprogrammed without the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the reprogramming procedures con-tained in the report accompanying this Act. 
Not more than $82,000,000 of funds available 
to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture and not more than $14,500,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Department of Agri-culture for Department Reimbursable Pro-grams, commonly referred to as Greenbook charges. Nothing in this paragraph shall pro-hibit or limit the use of reimbursable agree-ments requested by the Forest Service in order to obtain services from the Depart-ment of Agriculture’s National Information Technology Center and the Department of Agriculture’s International Technology Service. 
Of the funds available to the Forest Serv-
ice, up to $5,000,000 shall be available for pri-ority projects within the scope of the ap-proved budget, which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps and shall be carried out under the authority of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993, Public Law 103–82, as amended by Public Lands Corps Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2005, Public Law 109–154. 
Of the funds available to the Forest Serv-
ice, $4,000 is available to the Chief of the For-est Service for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. 
Pursuant to sections 405(b) and 410(b) of 
Public Law 101–593, of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $3,000,000 may be advanced in a lump sum to the National For-est Foundation to aid conservation partner-ship projects in support of the Forest Service mission, without regard to when the Founda-
tion incurs expenses, for projects on or bene-fitting National Forest System lands or re-lated to Forest Service programs: Provided , 
That of the Federal funds made available to the Foundation, no more than $300,000 shall be available for administrative expenses: Provided further , That the Foundation shall 
obtain, by the end of the period of Federal fi-nancial assistance, private contributions to match on at least one-for-one basis funds made available by the Forest Service: Pro-
vided further , That the Foundation may 
transfer Federal funds to a Federal or a non- Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non- Federal matching funds. 
Pursuant to section 2(b)(2) of Public Law 
98–244, up to $3,000,000 of the funds available to the Forest Service may be advanced to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation in a lump sum to aid cost-share conservation projects, without regard to when expenses are incurred, on or benefitting National For-est System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided , That such funds shall be 
matched on at least a one-for-one basis by the Foundation or its sub-recipients: Pro-
vided further , That the Foundation may 
transfer Federal funds to a Federal or non- Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non- Federal matching funds. 
Funds appropriated to the Forest Service 
shall be available for interactions with and providing technical assistance to rural com-munities and natural resource-based busi-nesses for sustainable rural development purposes. 
Funds appropriated to the Forest Service 
shall be available for payments to counties within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, pursuant to section 14(c)(1) and (2), and section 16(a)(2) of Public Law 99–663. 
Any funds appropriated to the Forest Serv-
ice may be used to meet the non-Federal share requirement in section 502(c) of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056(c)(2)). 
Funds available to the Forest Service, not 
to exceed $55,000,000, shall be assessed for the purpose of performing fire, administrative and other facilities maintenance and decom-missioning. Such assessments shall occur using a square foot rate charged on the same basis the agency uses to assess programs for payment of rent, utilities, and other support services. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service not to exceed $500,000 may be used to reimburse the Office of the Gen-eral Counsel (OGC), Department of Agri-culture, for travel and related expenses in-curred as a result of OGC assistance or par-ticipation requested by the Forest Service at meetings, training sessions, management re-views, land purchase negotiations and simi-lar nonlitigation-related matters. Future budget justifications for both the Forest Service and the Department of Agriculture should clearly display the sums previously transferred and the requested funding trans-fers. 
An eligible individual who is employed in 
any project funded under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq.) and administered by the Forest Service shall be considered to be a Federal employee for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN 
SERVICES 
I
NDIAN HEALTH SERVICE  
INDIAN HEALTH SERVICES  
For expenses necessary to carry out the 
Act of August 5, 1954 (68 Stat. 674), the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-
ance Act, the Indian Health Care Improve-ment Act, and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to the In-dian Health Service, $4,321,539,000, together with payments received during the fiscal year pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 238(b) and 238b, for services furnished by the Indian Health Serv-ice: Provided , That funds made available to 
tribes and tribal organizations through con-tracts, grant agreements, or any other agree-ments or compacts authorized by the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), shall be deemed to be obligated at the time of the grant or contract award and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal orga-nization without fiscal year limitation: Pro-
vided further , That, $935,726,000 for Purchased/ 
Referred Care, including $51,500,000 for the Indian Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund, shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That, of the funds provided, 
up to $36,000,000 shall remain available until expended for implementation of the loan re-payment program under section 108 of the In-dian Health Care Improvement Act: Provided 
further , That the amounts collected by the 
Federal Government as authorized by sec-tions 104 and 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a) during the preceding fiscal year for breach of contracts shall be deposited to the Fund au-thorized by section 108A of the Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a-1) and shall remain available until ex-pended and, notwithstanding section 108A(c) of the Act (25 U.S.C. 1616a-1(c)), funds shall be available to make new awards under the loan repayment and scholarship programs under sections 104 and 108 of the Act (25 U.S.C. 1613a and 1616a): Provided further , That 
funds provided in this Act may be used for annual contracts and grants that fall within 2 fiscal years, provided the total obligation is recorded in the year the funds are appro-priated: Provided further , That the amounts 
collected by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under the authority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act, except for those related to the plan-ning, design, or construction of new facili-ties: Provided further , That funding contained 
herein for scholarship programs under the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613) shall remain available until ex-pended: Provided further , That amounts re-
ceived by tribes and tribal organizations 
under title IV of the Indian Health Care Im-provement Act shall be reported and ac-counted for and available to the receiving tribes and tribal organizations until ex-pended: Provided further , That the Bureau of 
Indian Affairs may collect from the Indian Health Service, tribes and tribal organiza-tions operating health facilities pursuant to Public Law 93–638, such individually identifi-able health information relating to disabled children as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400, et seq.): Provided further , That 
the Indian Health Care Improvement Fund may be used, as needed, to carry out activi-ties typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account: Provided further , That 
$717,970,000 shall be for payments to Indian tribes and tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with contracts, grants, self-governance compacts, or annual funding agreements between the Indian Health Service and an Indian tribe or tribal organization pursuant to the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) prior to or during fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.010 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4787 July 7, 2015 
year 2016, and shall remain available until 
expended. 
INDIAN HEALTH FACILITIES  
For construction, repair, maintenance, im-
provement, and equipment of health and re-lated auxiliary facilities, including quarters for personnel; preparation of plans, specifica-tions, and drawings; acquisition of sites, pur-chase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of do-mestic and community sanitation facilities for Indians, as authorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2004a), the In-dian Self-Determination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for ex-penses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environmental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $466,329,000, to remain avail-able until expended: Provided , That notwith-
standing any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, con-struction, renovation or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian tribe or tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided 
further , That not to exceed $500,000 may be 
used by the Indian Health Service to pur-chase TRANSAM equipment from the De-partment of Defense for distribution to the 
Indian Health Service and tribal facilities: Provided further , That none of the funds ap-
propriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities construction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States De-partment of Housing and Urban Develop-ment: Provided further , That not to exceed 
$2,700,000 from this account and the ‘‘Indian Health Services’’ account may be used by the Indian Health Service to obtain ambulances for the Indian Health Service and tribal fa-cilities in conjunction with an existing interagency agreement between the Indian Health Service and the General Services Ad-ministration: Provided further , That not to 
exceed $500,000 may be placed in a Demoli-tion Fund, to remain available until ex-pended, and be used by the Indian Health Service for the demolition of Federal build-ings. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS —INDIAN HEALTH  
SERVICE  
Appropriations provided in this Act to the 
Indian Health Service shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equiva-lent to the maximum rate payable for senior- level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; pur-chase of medical equipment; purchase of re-prints; purchase, renovation and erection of modular buildings and renovation of existing facilities; payments for telephone service in private residences in the field, when author-ized under regulations approved by the Sec-retary; uniforms or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and for ex-penses of attendance at meetings that relate to the functions or activities of the Indian Health Service: Provided , That in accordance 
with the provisions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, non-Indian patients may be extended health care at all tribally ad-ministered or Indian Health Service facili-ties, subject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651– 2653) shall be credited to the account of the facility providing the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Pro-
vided further , That notwithstanding any 
other law or regulation, funds transferred from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Indian Health Service shall be administered under Public Law 86– 121, the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and 
Public Law 93–638: Provided further , That 
funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, except those used for ad-ministrative and program direction pur-poses, shall not be subject to limitations di-rected at curtailing Federal travel and trans-portation: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any as-sessments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Sen-ate Committees on Appropriations through the reprogramming process: Provided further , 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made avail-able to a tribe or tribal organization through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), may be deobligated and reobligated to a self-determination contract under title I, or a self-governance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal orga-nization without fiscal year limitation: Pro-
vided further , That none of the funds made 
available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Federal Register on Sep-tember 16, 1987, by the Department of Health and Human Services, relating to the eligi-bility for the health care services of the In-dian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has submitted a budget request re-flecting the increased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been included in an appropriations Act and enacted into law: Provided further , That with 
respect to functions transferred by the In-dian Health Service to tribes or tribal orga-nizations, the Indian Health Service is au-thorized to provide goods and services to those entities on a reimbursable basis, in-cluding payments in advance with subse-quent adjustment, and the reimbursements received therefrom, along with the funds re-ceived from those entities pursuant to the Indian Self-Determination Act, may be cred-ited to the same or subsequent appropriation account from which the funds were origi-nally derived, with such amounts to remain available until expended: Provided further , 
That reimbursements for training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will contain total costs, in-cluding direct, administrative, and overhead associated with the provision of goods, serv-ices, or technical assistance: Provided fur-
ther, That the appropriation structure for 
the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , That the Indian Health 
Service shall develop a strategic plan for the Urban Indian Health program in consulta-tion with urban Indians and the National Academy of Public Administration, and shall publish such plan not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
N
ATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF ENVIRONMENTAL  
HEALTH SCIENCES  
For necessary expenses for the National In-
stitute of Environmental Health Sciences in carrying out activities set forth in section 311(a) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9660(a)) and section 126(g) of the Superfund Amendments and Reauthor-ization Act of 1986, $77,349,000. A
GENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE  
REGISTRY  
TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND ENVIRONMENTAL  
PUBLIC HEALTH  
For necessary expenses for the Agency for 
Toxic Substances and Disease Registry (ATSDR) in carrying out activities set forth in sections 104(i) and 111(c)(4) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) and section 3019 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act, $74,691,000, of which up to $1,000 per eligible employee of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry shall remain available until expended for In-dividual Learning Accounts: Provided , That 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, in lieu of performing a health assessment under section 104(i)(6) of CERCLA, the Ad-ministrator of ATSDR may conduct other appropriate health studies, evaluations, or activities, including, without limitation, biomedical testing, clinical evaluations, medical monitoring, and referral to accred-ited healthcare providers: Provided further , 
That in performing any such health assess-ment or health study, evaluation, or activ-ity, the Administrator of ATSDR shall not be bound by the deadlines in section 104(i)(6)(A) of CERCLA: Provided further , 
That none of the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for ATSDR to issue in excess of 40 toxicological profiles pursuant to section 104(i) of CERCLA during fiscal year 2016, and existing profiles may be updated as necessary. 
OTHER RELATED AGENCIES 
E
XECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY AND  
OFFICE OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY  
For necessary expenses to continue func-
tions assigned to the Council on Environ-mental Quality and Office of Environmental Quality pursuant to the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969, the Environ-mental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official reception and rep-resentation expenses, $3,000,000: Provided , 
That notwithstanding section 202 of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the Council shall consist of one member, ap-pointed by the President, by and with the ad-vice and consent of the Senate, serving as chairman and exercising all powers, func-tions, and duties of the Council. 
C
HEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION  
BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses in carrying out ac-
tivities pursuant to section 112(r)(6) of the Clean Air Act, including hire of passenger vehicles, uniforms or allowances therefor, as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902, and for serv-ices authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 but at rates for individuals not to exceed the per diem equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376, $11,000,000: Provided , That the Chemical Safe-
ty and Hazard Investigation Board (Board) shall have not more than three career Senior Executive Service positions: Provided further , 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the individual appointed to the position of Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) shall, by virtue of such appointment, also hold the position of Inspector General of the Board: Provided fur-
ther, That notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, the Inspector General of the Board shall utilize personnel of the Office of Inspector General of EPA in performing the duties of the Inspector General of the Board, and shall not appoint any individuals to po-sitions within the Board. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.010 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4788 July 7, 2015 
OFFICE OF NAVAJO AND HOPIINDIAN  
RELOCATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses of the Office of 
Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as au-thorized by Public Law 93–531, $7,341,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That funds provided in this or any other ap-propriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopi-partitioned lands residents, those in significantly sub-standard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the preceding categories: Provided further , That none of the 
funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi In-dian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands parti-tioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or re-placement home is provided for such house-hold: Provided further , That no relocatee will 
be provided with more than one new or re-placement home: Provided further , That the 
Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Navajo reservation or selected a replacement residence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 640d-10: Provided fur-
ther, That $200,000 shall be transferred to the 
Office of Inspector General of the Depart-ment of the Interior, to remain available until expended, for audits and investigations of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relo-cation, consistent with the Inspector Gen-eral Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
I
NSTITUTE OF AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA  
NATIVE CULTURE AND ARTSDEVELOPMENT  
PAYMENT TO THE INSTITUTE  
For payment to the Institute of American 
Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development, as authorized by title XV of Public Law 99–498 (20 U.S.C. 56 part A), $9,469,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017. 
S
MITHSONIAN INSTITUTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Smithsonian 
Institution, as authorized by law, including research in the fields of art, science, and his-tory; development, preservation, and docu-mentation of the National Collections; pres-entation of public exhibits and perform-ances; collection, preparation, dissemina-tion, and exchange of information and publi-cations; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agreements of no more than 30 years, and protection of build-ings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and purchase, rental, repair, and clean-ing of uniforms for employees, $680,422,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $47,522,000 for the instrumenta-tion program, collections acquisition, exhi-bition reinstallation, the National Museum of African American History and Culture, and the repatriation of skeletal remains pro-gram shall remain available until expended; and including such funds as may be nec-essary to support American overseas re-search centers: Provided , That funds appro-
priated herein are available for advance pay-ments to independent contractors per-forming research services or participating in official Smithsonian presentations. 
FACILITIES CAPITAL  
For necessary expenses of repair, revital-
ization, and alteration of facilities owned or occupied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by sec-
tion 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including nec-essary personnel, $139,119,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to ex-ceed $10,000 shall be for services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. 
N
ATIONAL GALLERY OF ART 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For the upkeep and operations of the Na-
tional Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and admin-istrative expenses incident thereto, as au-thorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, Seventy- sixth Congress), including services as author-ized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gal-lery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publica-tions or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the general public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uni-forms, or allowances therefor, for other em-ployees as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901– 5902); purchase or rental of devices and serv-ices for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and maintenance, alteration, im-provement, and repair of buildings, ap-proaches, and grounds; and purchase of serv-ices for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by con-tracts made, without advertising, with indi-viduals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and condi-tions as the Gallery may deem proper, $119,500,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, of which not to exceed $3,578,000 for the special exhibition program shall remain available until expended. 
REPAIR , RESTORATION AND RENOVATION OF  
BUILDINGS  
For necessary expenses of repair, restora-
tion and renovation of buildings, grounds and facilities owned or occupied by the Na-tional Gallery of Art, by contract or other-wise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, with no extensions or re-newals beyond the 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renova-tions in the Master Facilities Plan, as au-thorized, $19,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That contracts 
awarded for environmental systems, protec-tion systems, and exterior repair or renova-tion of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contrac-tors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. 
J
OHNF. K ENNEDY CENTER FOR THE  
PERFORMING ARTS 
OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE  
For necessary expenses for the operation, 
maintenance and security of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $21,660,000. 
CAPITAL REPAIR AND RESTORATION  
For necessary expenses for capital repair 
and restoration of the existing features of the building and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $11,140,000, to remain available until expended. 
W
OODROW WILSON INTERNATIONAL CENTER FOR  
SCHOLARS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For expenses necessary in carrying out the 
provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of passenger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $10,420,000, to remain avail-able until September 30, 2017. N
ATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
HUMANITIES  
NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS 
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  
For necessary expenses to carry out the 
National Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities Act of 1965, $146,021,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and produc-tions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through as-sistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until ex-pended. 
N
ATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE HUMANITIES  
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  
For necessary expenses to carry out the 
National Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities Act of 1965, $146,021,000 to remain available until expended, of which $135,121,000 shall be available for support of activities in the humanities, pursuant to sec-tion 7(c) of the Act and for administering the functions of the Act; and $10,900,000 shall be available to carry out the matching grants program pursuant to section 10(a)(2) of the Act, including $8,500,000 for the purposes of section 7(h): Provided , That appropriations 
for carrying out section 10(a)(2) shall be available for obligation only in such amounts as may be equal to the total amounts of gifts, bequests, devises of money, and other property accepted by the chairman or by grantees of the National Endowment for the Humanities under the provisions of sections 11(a)(2)(B) and 11(a)(3)(B) during the current and preceding fiscal years for which equal amounts have not previously been ap-propriated. 
A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
None of the funds appropriated to the Na-
tional Foundation on the Arts and the Hu-manities may be used to process any grant or contract documents which do not include the text of 18 U.S.C. 1913: Provided , That none 
of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used for official reception and rep-resentation expenses: Provided further , That 
funds from nonappropriated sources may be used as necessary for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , 
That the Chairperson of the National Endow-ment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further , That such small 
grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. 
C
OMMISSION OF FINEARTS 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For expenses of the Commission of Fine 
Arts under Chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $2,524,000: Provided , That the 
Commission is authorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to remain available until expended without further appropria-tion: Provided further , That the Commission 
is authorized to accept gifts, including ob-jects, papers, artwork, drawings and arti-facts, that pertain to the history and design of the Nation’s Capital or the history and ac-tivities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of artistic display, study or edu-cation. 
NATIONAL CAPITAL ARTS AND CULTURAL  
AFFAIRS  
For necessary expenses as authorized by 
Public Law 99–190 (20 U.S.C. 956a), $2,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.010 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4789 July 7, 2015 
ADVISORY COUNCIL ON HISTORIC  
PRESERVATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Advisory 
Council on Historic Preservation (Public Law 89–665), $6,080,000. 
N
ATIONAL CAPITAL PLANNING COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the National 
Capital Planning Commission under chapter 87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $7,948,000: Provided , That one-quarter of 1 
percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational expenses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. 
U
NITED STATES HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL  
MUSEUM  
HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL MUSEUM  
For expenses of the Holocaust Memorial 
Museum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 (36 U.S.C. 2301–2310), $52,385,000, of which $865,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the Museum’s equipment replacement program; and of which $2,200,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,264,000 for the Museum’s out-reach initiatives program shall remain avail-able until expended. 
TITLE IV—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  
RESTRICTION ON USE OF FUNDS  
SEC. 401. No part of any appropriation con-
tained in this Act shall be available for any activity or the publication or distribution of literature that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legisla-tive proposal on which Congressional action is not complete other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. 
OBLIGATION OF APPROPRIATIONS  
SEC. 402. No part of any appropriation con-
tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. 
DISCLOSURE OF ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  
SEC. 403. The amount and basis of esti-
mated overhead charges, deductions, re-serves or holdbacks, including working cap-ital fund and cost pool charges, from pro-grams, projects, activities and subactivities to support government-wide, departmental, agency, or bureau administrative functions or headquarters, regional, or central oper-ations shall be presented in annual budget justifications and subject to approval by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. Changes to such estimates shall be presented to the Committees on Appropriations for approval. 
MINING APPLICATIONS  
SEC. 404. (a) L IMITATION OF FUNDS .—None of 
the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obli-gated or expended to accept or process appli-cations for a patent for any mining or mill site claim located under the general mining laws. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply if the Secretary of the Interior deter-mines that, for the claim concerned (1) a pat-ent application was filed with the Secretary on or before September 30, 1994; and (2) all re-quirements established under sections 2325 and 2326 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 29 and 30) for vein or lode claims, sections 2329, 2330, 2331, and 2333 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 35, 36, and 37) for placer claims, and section 2337 of the Revised Statutes (30 U.S.C. 42) for mill site claims, as the case 
may be, were fully complied with by the ap-plicant by that date. 
(c) R
EPORT .—On September 30, 2017, the 
Secretary of the Interior shall file with the House and Senate Committees on Appropria-tions and the Committee on Natural Re-sources of the House and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on actions taken by the Department under the plan submitted pursuant to sec-tion 314(c) of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1997 (Public Law 104–208). 
(d) M
INERAL EXAMINATIONS .—In order to 
process patent applications in a timely and responsible manner, upon the request of a patent applicant, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall allow the applicant to fund a quali-fied third-party contractor to be selected by the Director of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment to conduct a mineral examination of the mining claims or mill sites contained in a patent application as set forth in sub-section (b). The Bureau of Land Management shall have the sole responsibility to choose and pay the third-party contractor in ac-cordance with the standard procedures em-ployed by the Bureau of Land Management in the retention of third-party contractors. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS , PRIOR YEAR  
LIMITATION  
SEC. 405. Sections 405 and 406 of division F 
of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect in fiscal year 2016. 
CONTRACT SUPPORT COSTS , FISCAL YEAR 2016  
LIMITATION  
SEC. 406. Amounts provided by this Act for 
fiscal year 2016 under the headings ‘‘Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, Indian Health Services’’ and ‘‘Department of the Interior, Bureau of In-dian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, Operation of Indian Programs’’ are the only amounts available for contract support costs arising out of self-determination or self-gov-ernance contracts, grants, compacts, or an-nual funding agreements for fiscal year 2016 with the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the In-dian Health Service: Provided , That such 
amounts provided by this Act are not avail-able for payment of claims for contract sup-port costs for prior years, or for repayments of payments for settlements or judgments awarding contract support costs for prior years. 
FOREST MANAGEMENT PLANS  
SEC. 407. The Secretary of Agriculture 
shall not be considered to be in violation of subparagraph 6(f)(5)(A) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(f)(5)(A)) solely be-cause more than 15 years have passed with-out revision of the plan for a unit of the Na-tional Forest System. Nothing in this sec-tion exempts the Secretary from any other requirement of the Forest and Rangeland Re-newable Resources Planning Act (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) or any other law: Provided , That 
if the Secretary is not acting expeditiously and in good faith, within the funding avail-able, to revise a plan for a unit of the Na-tional Forest System, this section shall be void with respect to such plan and a court of proper jurisdiction may order completion of the plan on an accelerated basis. 
PROHIBITION WITHIN NATIONAL MONUMENTS  
SEC. 408. No funds provided in this Act may 
be expended to conduct preleasing, leasing and related activities under either the Min-eral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) within the boundaries of a Na-tional Monument established pursuant to the Act of June 8, 1906 (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.) as such boundary existed on January 20, 2001, 
except where such activities are allowed under the Presidential proclamation estab-lishing such monument. 
LIMITATION ON TAKINGS  
SEC. 409. Unless otherwise provided herein, 
no funds appropriated in this Act for the ac-quisition of lands or interests in lands may be expended for the filing of declarations of taking or complaints in condemnation with-out the approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided , 
That this provision shall not apply to funds appropriated to implement the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989, or to funds appropriated for Federal assistance to the State of Florida to acquire lands for Everglades restoration purposes. 
TIMBER SALE REQUIREMENTS  
SEC. 410. No timber sale in Alaska’s Region 
10 shall be advertised if the indicated rate is deficit (defined as the value of the timber is not sufficient to cover all logging and stump-age costs and provide a normal profit and risk allowance under the Forest Service’s ap-praisal process) when appraised using a re-sidual value appraisal. The western red cedar timber from those sales which is surplus to the needs of the domestic processors in Alas-ka, shall be made available to domestic proc-essors in the contiguous 48 United States at prevailing domestic prices. All additional western red cedar volume not sold to Alaska or contiguous 48 United States domestic 
processors may be exported to foreign mar-kets at the election of the timber sale hold-er. All Alaska yellow cedar may be sold at prevailing export prices at the election of the timber sale holder. 
PROHIBITION ON NO -BID CONTRACTS  
SEC. 411. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this Act to ex-ecutive branch agencies may be used to enter into any Federal contract unless such con-tract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, or chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless— 
(1) Federal law specifically authorizes a 
contract to be entered into without regard for these requirements, including formula grants for States, or federally recognized In-dian tribes; or 
(2) such contract is authorized by the In-
dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (Public Law 93–638, 25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) or by any other Federal laws that specifically authorize a contract within an Indian tribe as defined in section 4(e) of that Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)); or 
(3) such contract was awarded prior to the 
date of enactment of this Act. 
POSTING OF REPORTS  
SEC. 412. (a) Any agency receiving funds 
made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public website of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. 
(b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-
port if— 
(1) the public posting of the report com-
promises national security; or 
(2) the report contains proprietary infor-
mation. 
(c) The head of the agency posting such re-
port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. 
NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS GRANT  
GUIDELINES  
SEC. 413. Of the funds provided to the Na-
tional Endowment for the Arts— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.010 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4790 July 7, 2015 
(1) The Chairperson shall only award a 
grant to an individual if such grant is award-ed to such individual for a literature fellow-ship, National Heritage Fellowship, or Amer-ican Jazz Masters Fellowship. 
(2) The Chairperson shall establish proce-
dures to ensure that no funding provided through a grant, except a grant made to a State or local arts agency, or regional group, may be used to make a grant to any other organization or individual to conduct activ-ity independent of the direct grant recipient. Nothing in this subsection shall prohibit payments made in exchange for goods and services. 
(3) No grant shall be used for seasonal sup-
port to a group, unless the application is spe-cific to the contents of the season, including identified programs or projects. 
NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS PROGRAM  
PRIORITIES  
SEC. 414. (a) In providing services or award-
ing financial assistance under the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965 from funds appropriated under this Act, the Chairperson of the National En-
dowment for the Arts shall ensure that pri-ority is given to providing services or award-ing financial assistance for projects, produc-tions, workshops, or programs that serve un-derserved populations. 
(b) In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘underserved population’’ 
means a population of individuals, including urban minorities, who have historically been outside the purview of arts and humanities programs due to factors such as a high inci-dence of income below the poverty line or to geographic isolation. 
(2) The term ‘‘poverty line’’ means the pov-
erty line (as defined by the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, and revised annually in ac-cordance with section 673(2) of the Commu-nity Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902(2))) applicable to a family of the size in-volved. 
(c) In providing services and awarding fi-
nancial assistance under the National Foun-dation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965 with funds appropriated by this Act, the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts shall ensure that priority is given to providing services or awarding financial assistance for projects, productions, work-shops, or programs that will encourage pub-lic knowledge, education, understanding, and appreciation of the arts. 
(d) With funds appropriated by this Act to 
carry out section 5 of the National Founda-tion on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965— 
(1) the Chairperson shall establish a grant 
category for projects, productions, work-shops, or programs that are of national im-pact or availability or are able to tour sev-eral States; 
(2) the Chairperson shall not make grants 
exceeding 15 percent, in the aggregate, of such funds to any single State, excluding grants made under the authority of para-graph (1); 
(3) the Chairperson shall report to the Con-
gress annually and by State, on grants awarded by the Chairperson in each grant category under section 5 of such Act; and 
(4) the Chairperson shall encourage the use 
of grants to improve and support commu-nity-based music performance and edu-cation. 
STATUS OF BALANCES OF APPROPRIATIONS  
SEC. 415. The Department of the Interior, 
the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Indian Health Serv-ice shall provide the Committees on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of appropriations including all un-committed, committed, and unobligated 
funds in each program and activity. 
REPORT ON USE OF CLIMATE CHANGE FUNDS  
SEC. 416. Not later than 120 days after the 
date on which the President’s fiscal year 2017 budget request is submitted to the Congress, the President shall submit a comprehensive report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate describing in detail all Federal agency funding, domestic and international, for cli-mate change programs, projects, and activi-ties in fiscal years 2015 and 2016, including an accounting of funding by agency with each agency identifying climate change programs, projects, and activities and associated costs by line item as presented in the President’s Budget Appendix, and including citations and linkages where practicable to each stra-tegic plan that is driving funding within each climate change program, project, and activity listed in the report. 
b1500 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 416. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, the 
overwhelming scientific consensus is that climate change is real. Leaders of the communities of faith, such as His Holiness the Pope, are now urging us to take this issue very seriously. 
No matter how often the fossil fuel 
industry whispers that we have nothing to worry about, no matter how much manufactured science they gin up to create doubt, climate change is real. 
We should have begun assessing the 
costs of climate change decades ago, but we did not. The legislation before us today would require a report on cli-mate change expenditures. But the pur-pose of this section is not to assess the impacts of climate change; the purpose is to root out climate funding in the budget, so that next year’s Interior bill can prohibit that spending. 
Madam Chair, the report requirement 
as written is not only pointless, it is counterproductive. The Obama admin-istration is open about responding to climate change. Most of their climate expenditures are clearly labeled and can be discovered by simply reading their budget request. For the remain-der, I would be happy to write the President asking him to list these pro-grams, and I suspect he would be pleased to answer. 
As written, this reporting require-
ment is a waste of time. We should be instead asking the administration to report back to us on the costs of cli-mate change to our health, our envi-ronment, and our economy. 
Earlier this week, the White House 
issued a report showing that its efforts to reduce air pollution and climate change—efforts opposed by House Re-publicans, I might add—would provide 
billions of dollars in health benefits and save hundreds of thousands of lives. 
A report also out this week from the 
National Park Service showed that $90 billion of National Park resources are at risk from sea level rise caused by global warming, and we all know about the historic drought in California and the lingering costs of recovery from Superstorm Sandy. 
A full assessment of all the costs of 
inaction would help inform the Con-gress and the American people about what steps we must take immediately to ensure that climate change does not bring our country to its knees. Unfor-tunately, this bill does not ask for that assessment. 
Instead, Madam Chair, the section 
my amendment would strike would un-dertake some kind of witch hunt to root out the meager funding we have in place to respond to this challenge. To support this section is to deny climate change. 
I would tell my colleagues, all the 
constituent services you provide, all the money you can raise, the votes you cast, and the laws you pass will amount to nothing if you are on the wrong side of history on climate change. Climate deniers will join a long list of political figures who failed to respond to the most serious chal-lenge of their time and so are labeled as failures for all time. 
Therefore, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this 
amendment to strike the reporting lan-guage in the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, this 
provision shouldn’t be controversial. The language has been included in our enacted bills on a bipartisan basis since 2010. The language simply requires that programs and activities dedicated to climate change are reported in a trans-parent way so the American people know what we are spending their tax dollars on. 
With so many climate change pro-
grams being initiated, it is important to know what is being done across the government to avoid redundancy, and there is certainly a significant amount of redundancy in some of these climate change studies. It is in the bill so the committee can have the information it needs to provide critical oversight. 
Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues 
to join me in opposing this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS  
SEC. 417. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, none of the funds made available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.010 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4791 July 7, 2015 
in this Act or any other Act may be used to 
promulgate or implement any regulation re-quiring the issuance of permits under title V of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7661 et seq.) for carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, water vapor, or methane emissions resulting from biological processes associated with live-stock production. 
GREENHOUSE GAS REPORTING RESTRICTIONS  
SEC. 418. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to im-plement any provision in a rule, if that pro-vision requires mandatory reporting of greenhouse gas emissions from manure man-agement systems. 
RECREATION FEE  
SEC. 419. Section 810 of the Federal Lands 
Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking ‘‘10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and in-serting ‘‘on September 30, 2017’’. 
MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES  
SEC. 420. (a) Section 8162(m)(3) of the De-
partment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2000 (40 U.S.C. 8903 note; Public Law 106–79) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. 
(b) For fiscal year 2016, the authority pro-
vided by the provisos under the heading ‘‘Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commis-sion—Capital Construction’’ in division E of Public Law 112–74 shall not be in effect. 
FUNDING PROHIBITION  
SEC. 421. None of the funds made available 
by this or any other Act may be used to reg-ulate the lead content of ammunition, am-munition components, or fishing tackle under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) or any other law. 
WATERS OF THE UNITED STATES  
SEC. 422. None of the funds made available 
in this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to develop, adopt, imple-ment, administer, or enforce any change to the regulations and guidance in effect on Oc-tober 1, 2012, pertaining to the definition of waters under the jurisdiction of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251, et seq.), including the provisions of the rules dated November 13, 1986, and August 25, 1993, relating to said jurisdiction, and the guid-ance documents dated January 15, 2003, and December 2, 2008, relating to said jurisdic-tion. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Madam Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike section 422. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Madam Chair, I 
rise today to offer an amendment that would strike section 422 from the un-derlying bill. In doing so, this amend-ment would allow the EPA and the Army to implement the waters of the United States rule. This rule will en-sure protection for the Nation’s public health and aquatic resources and will clarify the scope of the waters of the United States protected under this law. 
Unfortunately, Republicans continue 
to undermine efforts to protect the Great Lakes as well as other critical 
water bodies around the Nation. We cannot afford to delay years of work by the EPA and the Army Corps of Engi-neers that would enhance the protec-tion of our Nation’s aquatic resources and public health. 
Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues 
to support my amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
b1515 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, it 
comes as no surprise that I rise in op-position to this amendment. 
In 2006, the Supreme Court deter-
mined the EPA and the Corps of Engi-neers did not have the authority to regulate nonnavigable waters under the Clean Water Act. 
I am certain the EPA’s final rule vio-
lates that. From day one, the EPA claimed that they were not expanding the waters under their jurisdiction, but we now know that those permits will be required and that the final rule is worse than proposed. 
Twenty-seven States have now filed 
lawsuits challenging the legality of EPA’s rule, so the Agency again finds itself on shaky legal ground, both on process and substance. 
The language in the bill protects the 
authority of the States by preventing the EPA from implementing its regula-tion and expanding its jurisdiction. The language needs to stay in, so I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMPSON ). 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
I rise in opposition to this amend-
ment. 
The language is in there for a very 
good reason. Everybody assumes that the waters are not covered under the Clean Water Act, that being the navi-gable waters. That is a definition they came up with somehow—I don’t know— but that they are unregulated waters. 
They are not unregulated waters. 
They are regulated by the States. When the court said, ‘‘Navigable waters is kind of an elusive term, so maybe you ought to redefine it,’’ the EPA said, ‘‘Okay, we will just regulate all the waters,’’ and that is what they did with this. They have gone way be-yond whatever the intent of the Clean Water Act was. 
I will tell you most resource groups, 
most agricultural groups, everybody else disagrees with what the EPA has done on this new rule that they are writing. The fact that they have ex-panded their authority into areas far beyond what was intended in the Clean Water Act, I think, goes beyond the pale and goes beyond what Congress originally intended under the Clean Water Act. We are not talking about leaving 
waters unregulated; they are just being regulated by the States, and they need to start over in writing this rule. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Madam Chair, can 
you tell me how much time I have re-maining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Michigan has 4 minutes remain-ing. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Madam Chair, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), my 
colleague. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I 
thank my colleague. 
I rise to support the Lawrence 
amendment to strike the section pro-hibiting the new rule on the Federal ju-risdiction of the waters of the United States. 
A few weeks ago, the Obama adminis-
tration issued a final rule that clarifies the limits of Federal authority under the Clean Water Act. It does this by re-ducing red tape and providing more certainty for the regulated community. 
Instead of confusion in case-by-case 
determinations about where waters are covered, the rule says physical, meas-urable boundaries for the first time about where clean water coverage be-gins and ends. 
The rule does not expand the waters 
covered. In fact, it will actually reduce the scope of waters protected by the Clean Water Act. 
Additionally, the rule does not create 
any new permitting requirements for agriculture. It maintains all previous exemptions and exclusions. 
The rule ensures that the waters pro-
tected under the Clean Water Act are more precisely defined and predictably measured, making permitting less costly, easier, and faster for business and industry. 
Prohibiting the EPA from imple-
menting the rule will only perpetrate confusion in the jurisdiction of the water. 
This harmful rider should be struck; 
therefore, I urge my colleagues to sup-port the Lawrence amendment. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I yield 
to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I strongly 
oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment as it seeks to strip a commonsense pro-vision included in the base bill that will protect the American people from the EPA’s new waters of the U.S. regu-lation, commonly referred to as WOTUS. 
WOTUS is a terrible Agency proposal 
that will have disastrous effects and economic consequences for agriculture, small business, property owners, mu-nicipalities, and other water users throughout the country. 
This job-killing, overreaching water 
grab being imposed by Washington bu-reaucrats is a dream killer for future generations and local economies. The EPA claims this new regulation was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.012 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4792 July 7, 2015 
shaped by public input; yet we recently 
learned that the EPA used taxpayer dollars to unleash a propaganda cam-paign in an attempt to rally comments and support for this WOTUS regula-tion, despite the Anti-Lobbying Act which bans such actions. 
Furthermore, States and local gov-
ernments that have traditionally man-aged these waterways and activities were not included in drafting the WOTUS regulation. The Agency failed to comply with the Regulatory Flexi-bility Act as required by Federal law and consider the new impact that the WOTUS regulations would have on small businesses. 
The EPA claims this rule is grounded 
in law; yet this overreaching regula-tion contradicts prior Supreme Court decisions by expanding Agency control over 60 percent of our country’s streams and millions of acres of wet-lands that were previously nonjurisdic-tional. 
Despite claiming the WOTUS rule re-
duces Agency jurisdiction, the final regulation imposes new regulations for navigable waters and their tributaries, potholes, ditches, bays, and even 
waters that are next to rivers and lakes. 
The new WOTUS regulation has been 
built on a foundation of pseudoscience, deception, and lawlessness. This over-reach is so extreme that 24 Members of the President’s own party joined Mem-bers in the House in passing legislation in May calling for the formal with-drawal of the new WOTUS regulation. 
For these reasons and more, I strong-
ly oppose the gentlewoman’s amend-ment and urge its defeat. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I urge 
opposition to this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Madam Chair, I 
would really urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
The rule does not create any new per-
mitting requirements for the agri-culture and maintains all previous ex-emptions and exclusions. The rule en-sures that waters protected under the Clean Water Act are more precisely de-fined and particularly determine mak-ing permitting less costly, easier, and faster for business and industry. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Madam Chair, I think the 
American public must be quite confused about what we are currently debating in this Cham-ber. 
The amendment I rise in strong support of 
strikes section 422 which prevents funds from being used to ‘‘develop, adopt, implement, ad-minister or enforce any change . . . pertaining to the definition of waters under the jurisdic-tion’’ of the Clean Water Act (CWA). 
I would like to remind the other side that, 
thanks to the Clean Water Act, billions of pounds of pollution have been kept out of our rivers, and the number of waters that now meet clean water goals nationwide has actu-ally doubled with direct benefits for drinking water, public health, recreation, and wildlife. 
This is especially true for my home State of 
Maryland that is within the six-State Chesa-peake Bay Watershed. The Chesapeake Bay Watershed is fed by 
110,000 miles of creeks, rivers, and streams; covers 64,000 square miles; includes over 11,500 miles of shorelines; contains 150 major rivers and streams; and is home to over 17 million people. 
And this watershed’s land-to-water ratio is 
14–1, the largest of any coastal water body in the world. 
Several of its tributaries, including the Ana-
costia, the Patuxent, Potomac, and Severn Rivers flow through the Fourth Congressional District. 70 percent of Marylanders get our drinking water from sources that rely on head-water or seasonal streams. 
Nationwide, 117 million people, or over a 
third of the total population, get our water from these waters. 
However, due to the two Supreme Court de-
cisions, there is, in fact, widespread confusion as to what falls under the protection of the Clean Water Act. 
That is precisely why the Obama adminis-
tration finalized their rule clarifying the limits of Federal jurisdiction under the Act on May 27, 2015. 
The agencies finalized the clean water pro-
tection rule after over a year of public out-reach on their then proposed rule at a scale unprecedented in the history of the Clean Water Act, as well as countless congressional hearings. 
Madam Chair, supporters of this provision 
have complained about the confusion in the litigation. 
That is precisely why we needed to get 
through the final rulemaking, which has been years in the making. 
That is what the Supreme Court instructed 
the Federal Government to do 14 years ago with the 2001 SWANCC decision and, subse-quently, the 2006 Rapanos case. 
Along with those Supreme Court decisions, 
the Bush administration followed the exact same process in issuing two guidance docu-ments in 2003 and 2008. 
Up until the final rule issued just over a 
month ago, they remained in force. 
It is, in fact, these two Bush-era guidance 
documents that have compounded the confu-sion, uncertainty, and increased compliance costs faced by our constituents—opponents and proponents alike—who all just say they want clarity. 
You don’t actually have to take my word for 
it. 
In fact, let me quote from the comments 
made by the American Farm Bureau Federa-tion, something I don’t do all that often: ‘‘With no clear regulatory definitions to guide their determinations, what has emerged is a hodge-podge of ad hoc and inconsistent jurisdictional theories.’’ 
Those are the words of the American Farm 
Bureau Federation. 
We all agree that it is confusing. That is why it was so important that this ad-
ministration finish what the Bush administra-tion started and failed to do, and that is pub-lish a final rule that gives stakeholders the clarity they have been seeking for 14 years. 
Madam Chair, despite nearly universal calls 
for increased clarity and certainty from certain stakeholders, my colleagues have made it a priority to prohibit the implementation of the final clean water rulemaking entirely. 
It is really clear that what they want to do 
is stop these agencies from doing their jobs at all—no new rules and no clean water, what a 
shame for our natural resources, our public health, and our environment. 
I urge my colleagues to support the Quigley- 
Edwards amendment to strike this harmful and shameful provision. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
STREAM BUFFER  
SEC. 423. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to develop, carry out, or implement (1) any guidance, policy, or directive to reinterpret or change the his-toric interpretation of 30 C.F.R. 816.57, which was promulgated on June 30, 1983 by the Of-fice of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement of the Department of the Interior (48 Fed. Reg. 30312); or (2) proposed regula-tions or supporting materials described in the Federal Register notice published on June 18, 2010 (75 Fed. Reg. 34667) by the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforce-ment of the Department of the Interior. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, I rise 
to offer an amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Beginning at page 122, line 23, strike sec-
tion 423. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, my 
amendment would allow the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement to continue to develop regu-lations designed to protect commu-nities and the environment from the devastating effects of mountaintop re-moval mining. 
If you have seen a picture of a moun-
taintop removal mining site, you get an idea of how destructive this process is. Companies literally blast the tops off of mountains, scoop out the coal, and dump what used to be the moun-taintop into the valley below. The scars on the landscape are unmistak-able, as are the piles of rock filling in what used to be mountain valleys and streams. 
What you don’t see in the picture is 
the health impacts on the people living nearby, although those are just as real and just as terrible. People who live near mountaintop mining sites have higher rates of lung cancer, heart dis-ease, kidney disease, birth defects, hy-pertension, and other health related problems. 
Despite some confusion in the Nat-
ural Resources Committee just last month, these results are statistically corrected for rates of smoking, obesity, and other factors. 
A paper in the journal Science a few 
years ago, one of the preeminent sci-entific journals in the world, pointed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.026 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4793 July 7, 2015 
out that mountaintop removal mining 
with valley fills ‘‘revealed serious envi-ronmental impacts that mitigation practices cannot successfully address,’’ that ‘‘water emerges from the base of valley fills containing a variety of solutes toxic and damaging to biota,’’ and ‘‘recovery of biodiversity in mining waste-impacted streams has not been documented.’’ 
Under our laws governing surface 
coal mining, streams are supposed to be protected; but the existing regula-tions, which are over 30 years old, have done a poor job of doing just that. Over 2,000 miles of streams have been buried by mountaintop removal mining, and countless more have been polluted by toxic mine runoff. Wildlife habitat is destroyed; fish are killed, and the peo-ple in the area suffer. 
That is why the administration has 
been working for years on a new rule that would do a better job of protecting streams. It has taken longer than I would like for them to propose this rule, and the process has certainly not gone as smoothly as it could have. 
The majority uses the snags in the 
process to argue that there shouldn’t be a rule at all. Never mind that their own partisan investigation delayed this rule for years without uncovering any evidence of political misconduct. 
The majority also claims that this 
rule will cause huge job losses, but the draft rule hasn’t even been published yet, so we can’t possibly know the im-pacts, and the Director of the Office of Surface Mining says the job losses will be minor at best. 
Even if the majority does not believe 
him—and I suspect they might not— they should wait until the draft rule comes out and there can be inde-pendent analysis of the impacts, not just wild exaggerations that the min-ing industry will produce, but real, independent analysis. 
If they are still not happy with the 
rule at that point, we can hold hear-ings. We can try to pass constructive laws that protect the environment and human health and workers all at the same time. 
A partisan rider in this bill that com-
pletely stops the ability of the admin-istration to work on this stream buffer 
rule to provide badly needed protec-tions to Appalachian communities is the wrong way to go. 
It has nothing to do with managing 
spending. In fact, it would just result in the waste of all the money that was required to get to this very point. 
The rider is bad policy; it is bad for 
the environment, and it is bad for pub-lic health and the health of the people living near these mines. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment that would allow the stream protection rule to see the light of day. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, in 2008, 
the Office of Surface Mining finalized revisions to the stream zone buffer rule in an open and transparent manner. After taking office, the Obama admin-istration put a hold on the rule and is currently writing a new rule. 
The administration’s approach under 
the new rule has been anything but col-laborative and inclusive, and many States feel they have been shut out of the process. When Chairman R
OGERS  
required advanced analysis on job im-pacts, his request was ignored. 
The American people expect more 
openness and transparency from their government, and that is why this fund-ing prohibition must remain in the base bill. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to vote 
‘‘no’’ and reject this amendment. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
HUNTING , FISHING , AND RECREATIONAL  
SHOOTING ON FEDERAL LAND  
SEC. 424. (a) L IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .— 
None of the funds made available by this or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to prohibit the use of or access to Fed-eral land (as such term is defined in section 3 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6502)) for hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if such use or access— 
(1) was not prohibited on such Federal land 
as of January 1, 2013; and 
(2) was conducted in compliance with the 
resource management plan (as defined in sec-tion 101 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 6511)) applica-ble to such Federal land as of January 1, 2013. 
(b) T
EMPORARY CLOSURES ALLOWED .—Not-
withstanding subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture may temporarily close, for a period not to exceed 30 days, Federal land managed by the Secretary to hunting, fishing, or rec-reational shooting if the Secretary deter-mines that the temporary closure is nec-essary to accommodate a special event or for public safety reasons. The Secretary may ex-tend a temporary closure for one additional 90-day period only if the Secretary deter-mines the extension is necessary because of extraordinary weather conditions or for pub-lic safety reasons. 
(c) A
UTHORITY OF STATES .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed as affecting the authority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of the several States to manage, control, or regulate fish and resident wildlife under State law or regulations. 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR NATIONAL  
OCEAN POLICY  
SEC. 425. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to further imple-mentation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystem-based management components of the National Ocean Policy de-
veloped under Executive Order 13547. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . TSONGAS  
Ms. TSONGAS. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Beginning at page 124, line 17, strike sec-
tion 425. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Massachusetts. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Madam Chair, nearly 
3 years ago, Superstorm Sandy caught millions of coastal residents by sur-prise and cost billions of dollars in eco-nomic damage. Unfortunately, the weather is not all that has become more extreme over the past several years. 
I am disappointed that this mis-
guided and misinformed language to block implementation of the National Ocean Policy keeps coming back, just like the recurrent coastal flooding being caused by sea level rise, and my amendment would strike that lan-guage. 
b1530 
It shows a lack of respect for science 
and a lack of appreciation for the mag-nitude and complexity of the govern-ance challenges we face. 
It seems some Members of Congress 
do not want to see government succeed even when government’s failure to re-spond to a disaster, to predict a drought, or to properly manage a fish-ery can devastate the communities they represent. 
When you disavow words like ‘‘pre-
caution,’’ ‘‘preparedness,’’ and ‘‘plan-ning,’’ you stop being conservative and start being reckless. 
Conservatives always say they want 
to run government like a business. Well, would you invest in a business with different departments that don’t talk to each other? Would you invest in a business that is not responsive to its shareholders? Would you invest in a business with no business plan? 
That is essentially what the National 
Ocean Policy is, a business plan for the oceans that seeks to maximize the ben-efits for shareholders, all the American people. 
The policy is a win-win-win for eco-
nomic growth, public safety, and envi-ronmental protection. I urge you to vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment to pro-tect the National Ocean Policy. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I have 
operated a business. Ever since this ad-ministration created the National Ocean Policy through executive order, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.029 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4794 July 7, 2015 
the subcommittee has asked the CEQ, 
the DOI, and the EPA to provide an es-timate of the impact of the Policy on their budgets, and we have yet to re-ceive a substantial answer. 
The so-called report we were provided 
last year was fewer than three pages long. Clearly, this failed to outline ex-penditures supporting the administra-tion’s National Ocean Policy. 
Our job here is to pay the bills. When 
we ask how much does the National Ocean Policy cost, we expect to get an answer. We need an answer so that proper congressional oversight can be conducted. 
I want to point out that this lan-
guage was included in the House fiscal year 2016 Energy and Water Appropria-tions bill. There are concerns about the costs and all of the unknowns related to this policy in multiple jurisdictions. 
The bottom line is, if this adminis-
tration wants the funds to implement the National Ocean Policy, then tell us how much it is going to cost the tax-payer. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment. 
Madam Chair, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Madam Chair, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ), my col-
league. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. I thank the gentle-
woman. 
Madam Chair, Congress has enacted 
numerous laws that manage the ocean and coastal issues across 11 of the 15 Cabinet-level departments and four independent agencies across the Fed-eral Government. As my colleague from Massachusetts pointed out, why wouldn’t we want these folks to be working together? 
Clearly, what the President is trying 
to do is to just have an action that lets the independent bipartisan commission move forward, including the U.S. Com-mission on Ocean Policy, which was ap-pointed entirely by President George W. Bush. 
The National Ocean Policy is a 
means by which the Federal agencies can sort through all of the tangles of uncoordinated governance and can bring some common sense to the chaos. Wouldn’t we want that? 
If my colleagues have a problem with 
what government can do on ocean man-agement, then they have a problem with laws that are enacted by Con-gress, not with the National Ocean Pol-icy or with the President’s executive order, because what the President is doing through the National Ocean Pol-icy is following a well-established Pres-idential tradition of using an executive order to supervise and guide agencies under the President’s charge as they execute existing laws passed by Con-gress. 
Let us let this agency get to work. 
Let us find out how we could be more effective with our agencies working to-gether. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ). Mr. FLORES. I thank Chairman C AL-
VERT for his work on this bill. 
Madam Chair, I want to set the 
record straight. In the year 2000, Con-gress did pass a bill during the 106th Congress to create an ocean commis-sion to review and to make rec-ommendations. 
Yes, President Bush did appoint per-
sons to that commission. They did make those recommendations, and those recommendations were sub-mitted to Congress. 
Since then, those recommendations 
have been reviewed by the 108th, the 109th, the 110th, and the 111th Con-gresses, and each of those Congresses decided that no action should be taken. 
What happened here is the President 
decided to go into the Article I powers, which are reserved for Congress, and to do what Congress does not intend to have done, which is to have an ocean zoning commission built from dozens of agencies. 
They have never asked for an appro-
priations for this activity, and there is no lawful basis for the activity to exist. The President’s executive order is basically violating the statutes that have been passed by Congress, and it is also violating the Constitution. 
The language that is in the appro-
priations bill should remain as it is. Congress has voted seven times on this language, and it has passed all seven times on a bipartisan basis. The other side is that of basically trying to undo what Congress has said it wants to do seven times on a bipartisan basis. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Madam Chair, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia (Mr. B
EYER ), my colleague. 
Mr. BEYER. Madam Chair, I rise in 
support of this amendment, which would allow for the implementation of the National Ocean Policy. 
Plain and simple, coordinated ocean 
planning makes common sense and is a good economic policy for our coastal communities. It allows for a com-prehensive mapping of existing ocean uses that helps to identify and resolve conflicts between stakeholders before they play out in specific permitting processes. 
In Virginia, this process has been 
crucial to preserving public access to the ocean, to sustain economic growth, to address marine debris, to create mi-gration corridors for marine mammals, and to support promising new ocean in-dustries, such as wind power and ma-rine aquaculture. 
In fact, I am proud to note that Vir-
ginia was recently selected by BOEM to be the first State in the Nation to receive a wind energy research lease in Federal waters. This rider would elimi-nate language that would undermine regional collaborative efforts to man-age existing and future ocean policy challenges. 
Let’s not roll back the valuable work 
and resources that many States, indus-tries, and communities have already devoted to implementing this policy. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ). 
Mr. FLORES. I thank Chairman C AL-
VERT . 
Madam Chair, again, I want to set 
the record straight. We are not against ocean planning, as it makes perfect sense, but only insofar as Congress has explicitly authorized those activities. 
Congress has not allowed the Presi-
dent to do what he is trying to do by executive fiat. There are 67 groups, which include fishing, agricultural, farming, energy, and other industries, that are concerned about the impact of this Federal overreach. Again, it is an unconstitutional Federal overreach, and I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Madam Chair, I do 
appreciate that my colleague across the aisle has said that it does make perfect sense to have an ocean policy. The ocean policy is a business plan for the oceans that seeks to maximize the benefits for all of its shareholders, the American people. 
I certainly know that we in Massa-
chusetts have a great appreciation for the complex task it seeks to undertake in order to protect that which we value most, the ocean off our coast. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
LEAD TEST KIT  
SEC. 426. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement or en-force regulations under subpart E of part 745 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘Lead; Renovation, Repair, and Painting Rule’’), or any subse-quent amendments to such regulations, until the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency publicizes Environmental Protection Agency recognition of a commer-cially available lead test kit that meets both criteria under section 745.88(c) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations. 
FINANCIAL ASSURANCE  
SEC. 427. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to develop, propose, finalize, implement, enforce, or administer any regulation that would establish new fi-nancial responsibility requirements pursuant to section 108(b) of the Comprehensive Envi-ronmental Response, Compensation, and Li-ability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9608(b)). 
GHG NSPS  
SEC. 428. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used to propose, finalize, implement, or enforce— 
(1) any standard of performance under sec-
tion 111(b) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.033 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4795 July 7, 2015 
7411(b)) for any new fossil fuel-fired elec-
tricity utility generating unit if the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency’s determination that a technology is adequately demonstrated includes consider-ation of one or more facilities for which as-sistance is provided (including any tax cred-it) under subtitle A of title IV of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15961 et seq.) or section 48A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
(2) any regulation or guidance under sec-
tion 111(b) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7411(b)) establishing any standard of per-formance for emissions of any greenhouse gas from any modified or reconstructed source that is a fossil fuel-fired electric util-ity generating unit; or 
(3) any regulation or guidance under sec-
tion 111(d) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7411(d)) that applies to the emission of any greenhouse gas by an existing source that is a fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating unit. 
DEFINITION OF FILL MATERIAL  
SEC. 429. None of the funds made available 
in this Act or any other Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to de-velop, adopt, implement, administer, or en-force any change to the regulations in effect on October 1, 2012, pertaining to the defini-tions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘dis-charge of fill material’’ for the purposes of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
Mr. BEYER. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 429. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman 
from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. BEYER. Madam Chair, I rise in 
support of this amendment. 
The amendment strikes a rider that 
would prevent the Environmental Pro-tection Agency from updating regula-tions pertaining to the definitions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ for purposes of the Clean Water Act. 
Presently, the Army Corps of Engi-
neers issues a section 404 permit if the fill material discharged into a water body raises the bottom elevation of that water body or converts the area to dry land. 
The current rule allows mining waste 
to be dumped into the rivers and streams without an appropriate envi-ronmental review process. 
Given repeated instances of mining 
activities resulting in lakes and streams devoid of fish or aquatic life, downstream water users are rightly concerned that the section 404 process fails to protect them from the dis-charge of hazardous substances. 
The Clean Water Act section 404 
guidelines are not well suited for eval-uating the environmental effects of discharging hazardous waste, such as mining refuse and similar materials, into a water body or a wetland. 
The rider that this amendment 
strikes would block the EPA from making necessary modifications to 
these guidelines. This rider is a pre-emptive strike against protecting our drinking water, and it allows mining companies’ interests to trump the pro-tection of the health of our citizens. 
We should not short-circuit regular 
order through the appropriations proc-ess. We should not preclude the Corps or the EPA from considering any regu-latory changes to the current defini-tion and permit process. I urge my col-leagues to support the amendment to strike this language from the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, this 
language simply maintains the status quo regarding the definition of ‘‘fill material’’ for the purposes of the Clean Water Act. 
The existing definition was put in 
place through a rule-making initiated by the Clinton administration and fi-nalized by the Bush administration. That rule harmonized the definitions on the books of the Corps and the EPA so that both agencies were working with the same definition. 
Any attempts to redefine this impor-
tant definition could significantly neg-atively impact the ability of all earth- moving industries, road and highway construction, and private and commer-cial enterprises to obtain vital Clean Water Act section 404 permits. 
Changing the definition of ‘‘fill mate-
rial’’ could result in the loss of up to 375,000 high-paying mining jobs and jeopardize over 1 million jobs that are dependent upon the economic output generated by these operations. 
For these reasons, I support the un-
derlying language and oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Madam Chair, I respect 
the chairman’s objections to this, but I would like to point out that all that this amendment does in striking the section is allow the EPA to consider fu-ture changes to the ‘‘fill’’ definitions. 
Clearly, the work begun in the Clin-
ton administration and finalized in the George W. Bush administration were the best possible actions at the time. 
In the meantime, we have discovered 
that, unfortunately, much mining waste and refuse are ending up in min-ing streams and rivers, and it has se-verely affected the health of those peo-ple. 
We are not attempting to eliminate 
mining jobs or to even impact earth moving. It is only reasonable to make sure that our Environmental Protec-tion Agency has the latitude and the freedom to evolve future definitions so as to best protect the health of our citizens. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1545 
Mr. CALVERT. I oppose this amend-
ment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
CONTRACTING AUTHORITIES  
SEC. 430. Section 412 of division E of Public 
Law 112–74 is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017,’’. 
CHESAPEAKE BAY INITIATIVE  
SEC. 431. Section 502(c) of the Chesapeake 
Bay Initiative Act of 1998 (Public Law 105– 312; 16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
EXTENSION OF GRAZING PERMITS  
SEC. 432. The terms and conditions of sec-
tion 325 of Public Law 108–108 (117 Stat. 1307), regarding grazing permits issued by the For-est Service on any lands not subject to ad-ministration under section 402 of the Federal Lands Policy and Management Act (43 U.S.C. 1752), shall remain in effect for fiscal year 2016. 
AVAILABILITY OF VACANT GRAZING  
ALLOTMENTS  
SEC. 433. The Secretary of the Interior, 
with respect to public lands administered by the Bureau of Land Management, and the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to the National Forest System lands, shall make vacant grazing allotments available to a holder of a grazing permit or lease issued by either Secretary if the lands covered by the permit or lease or other grazing lands used by the holder of the permit or lease are unus-able because of drought or wildfire, as deter-mined by the Secretary concerned. The terms and conditions contained in a permit or lease made available pursuant to this sec-tion shall be the same as the terms and con-ditions of the most recent permit or lease that was applicable to the vacant grazing al-lotment made available. Section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) shall not apply with respect to any Federal agency action under this sec-tion. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, I offer 
an amendment to strike section 433. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 433. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, I offer 
my amendment to strike section 433 re-garding the availability of vacant graz-ing allotments and waiving one of our key environmental laws. 
While grazing on our public lands is 
an important part of our Nation’s cul-ture and economy, this section of the appropriations bill is redundant and unnecessary. The BLM and Forest Service already have the authority to transfer permits when grazing lands are deemed unusable. 
Furthermore, this section would have 
the effect of waiving section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA. NEPA is one of our Nation’s bedrock environmental laws, serving to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.018 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4796 July 7, 2015 
establish policies to protect our air, 
water, and our natural resources. Sec-tion 102 of NEPA contains key provi-sions to make sure that Federal agen-cies act according to the spirit and let-ter of the law. 
By stating that section 102 shall not 
apply to agency actions, this bill is, in essence, waiving NEPA and putting our public lands at risk. Our Federal agen-cies did not ask for a NEPA waiver, and Congress should not be in the busi-ness of dictating to professional land managers when they should or should not have the flexibility to use NEPA in making land management decisions. 
Allowing section 433 to be included in 
the appropriations bill could have un-intended consequences for our public lands and environment, particularly when conditions on the ground change. In this time of climate change, drought, and wildfire, it is vital that agencies have the tools and the flexi-bility to conduct adequate environ-mental reviews. 
In the face of these challenges, why 
should grazers get to jump to the front of the line for new land? What about land for species and recovery and habi-tat that are displaced by climate change or recreational demands and in-terests? 
Congress has tasked the BLM with 
managing our public lands for multiple uses. I welcome the belated recognition by my Republican colleagues that cli-mate change is impacting these lands, but this provision would waive the bal-ancing process found in NEPA and mandate that grazing gets to trump other uses when lands are destroyed by fire or drought. 
Section 433 benefits one special inter-
est above all others, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in supporting to strike this section from the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The amendment would strike a commonsense provision—re-peat, commonsense provision—in this bill that allows the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service to make available vacant grazing allot-ments when a rancher is forced off his or her existing allotment due to drought or wildfire. 
It is not that they jump to the front 
of the line and have special provisions because of this. The fact is, if you don’t exclude the NEPA process, it can take 3 months, 6 months—guess what? Cows and sheep don’t go on a diet for 3 months or 6 months. They actually need to put these cows and sheep some-where, and vacant allotments is what they look for. 
The gentleman says that this is re-
dundant, that they can already do that. Well, if they can already do it, then what the heck? Why is he opposed to this provision? Unfortunately, drought and cata-
strophic wildfires are all too common in the West. Ranchers shouldn’t be fur-ther penalized when they lose their al-lotments due to natural disasters. The provision provides some flexibility to the Bureau of Land Management and Forest Service to help in these cir-cumstances. 
It doesn’t say, ‘‘You will provide 
these vacant allotments.’’ It says, ‘‘You may.’’ It is not a must. We are trying to give the Bureau of Land Man-agement and the Forest Service the flexibility to use vacant allotments when circumstances are required. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Madam Chair, I rise 
in support of the Grijalva amendment. As has been pointed out, BLM already has the authority to make vacant graz-ing allotments available for permittees on a discretionary basis where the per-mittee is adversely impacted by wild-fire or drought, but unlike the discre-tionary basis on which the BLM cur-rently makes these allotments, this rider would exempt the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act, a NEPA review. 
On page 127, line 25, it reads ‘‘with re-
spect to’’ the National Forest System lands, ‘‘shall’’—not may—‘‘shall make vacant,’’ and so what the BLM cur-rently can do is they can conduct a NEPA review in areas where they think they have concerns and they can ensure that the land, health standards, and resources are not going to be com-promised because the BLM has a role to play in protecting these lands for grazing potential in the future so that they are not harmed or overgrazed. 
To me, it makes common sense that 
the rider should not exempt the BLM from a regulatory requirement to issue a decision and conduct an administra-tive review, which they currently can choose to do or choose not to do based on the information that they have. Any grazing that is mandated by this rider is likely also to find itself caught up by hearings and delays and appeals and ju-dicial review. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
amendment to strike the unnecessary rider and to leave the discretion in place so it continues to be the National Forest System lands may be made va-cant. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I would 
ask my colleagues just one thing. If you are a rancher and you have had one of these catastrophic wildfires come through—and they come through fre-quently, unfortunately—and they have wiped out your grazing allotment, what do you tell your cows? What do you tell your sheep? What do they eat for the next several months as you go through the NEPA process? This is giv-ing some flexibility to the Forest Serv-ice and to the BLM. I know we can all say: Oh, gee, they 
can make arrangements and do it oth-erwise and so forth. 
This is just a commonsense provi-
sion, frankly, and we haven’t had any problem with it with the time that it has been in existence. I think it should stay in existence, and that is why the chairman has included it in this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, the 
redundancy comes from the fact that that flexibility has existed in BLM and Forest Service; it has existed for years. The situations of wildfires have oc-curred, and they have been handled. 
It is an unnecessary NEPA waiver. It 
is a redundant amendment, addition to it. The NEPA waiver in the writing says it is not optional. It says ‘‘shall.’’ 
I urge Members to support my 
amendment striking section 433. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, this 
language has been in the bill since 2003. It hasn’t caused any problems. It has fed a lot of cows. I think it is a good provision in the bill, and we should de-feat this amendment. It is a bad amendment. Vote against it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
PROTECTION OF WATER RIGHTS  
SEC. 434. None of the funds made available 
in this or any other Act may be used to con-dition the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, right-of-way, or other land use or occupancy agreement on the transfer of any water right, including sole and joint ownership, directly to the United States, or any impairment of title, in whole or in part, granted or otherwise recog-nized under State law, by Federal or State adjudication, decree, or other judgment, or pursuant to any interstate water compact. Additionally, none of the funds made avail-able in this or any other Act may be used to require any water user to apply for or ac-quire a water right in the name of the United States under State law as a condition of the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allot-ment, easement, right-of-way, or other land use or occupancy agreement. 
LIMITATION ON STATUS CHANGES  
SEC. 435. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used to propose, finalize, implement, or enforce any regulation or guidance under Section 612 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7671k) that changes the status from acceptable to unacceptable for purposes of the Significant New Alternatives Policy (SNAP) program of any hydrofluorocarbon used as a refrigerant or in foam blowing agents, applications or uses. Nothing in this section shall prevent EPA from approving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.040 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4797 July 7, 2015 
new materials, applications or uses as ac-
ceptable under the SNAP program. 
USE OF AMERICAN IRON AND STEEL  
SEC. 436. (a)(1) None of the funds made 
available by a State water pollution control revolving fund as authorized by section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j-12) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or re-pair of a public water system or treatment works unless all of the iron and steel prod-ucts used in the project are produced in the United States. 
(2) In this section, the term ‘‘iron and 
steel’’ products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or un-lined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. 
(b) Subsection (a) shall not apply in any 
case or category of cases in which the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) finds that— 
(1) applying subsection (a) would be incon-
sistent with the public interest; 
(2) iron and steel products are not produced 
in the United States in sufficient and reason-ably available quantities and of a satisfac-tory quality; or 
(3) inclusion of iron and steel products pro-
duced in the United States will increase the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent. 
(c) If the Administrator receives a request 
for a waiver under this section, the Adminis-trator shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Administrator shall make the request and accompanying infor-mation available by electronic means, in-cluding on the official public Internet Web site of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy. 
(d) This section shall be applied in a man-
ner consistent with United States obliga-tions under international agreements. 
(e) The Administrator may retain up to 
0.25 percent of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Clean and Drinking Water State Revolving Funds for carrying out the provi-sions described in subsection (a)(1) for man-agement and oversight of the requirements of this section. 
SOCIAL COST OF CARBON  
SEC. 437. None of the funds made available 
by this or any other Act shall be used for the social cost of carbon (SCC) to be incor-porated into any rulemaking or guidance document until a new Interagency Working Group (IWG) revises the estimates using the discount rates and the domestic-only limita-tion on benefits estimates in accordance with Executive Order 12866 and OMB Circular A-4 as of January 1, 2015: Provided , That such 
IWG shall provide to the public all docu-ments, models, and assumptions used in de-veloping the SCC and solicit public comment prior to finalizing any revised estimates. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk to strike sec-tion 437. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 437. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed 
each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Madam Speaker, my 
amendment, which I offer along with Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Mr. P ETERS , would 
simply remove one of the so-called pol-icy riders from this bill. It is a particu-larly dangerous policy rider. 
What my amendment would do is it 
would strip the bill of a harmful and unrelated restriction that actually would prohibit Federal agencies from assessing the social cost of carbon, meaning Federal agencies would not be able to look at the monetized impact, the actual costs of climate change. 
They would be forced to deliberately 
have a blindfold and not be allowed to consider climate change in their plan-ning, just like American businesses do, like States do, like municipalities do, but the Federal Government would be prohibited from even looking at the costs of climate change. 
According to a recent poll under-
taken by Stanford University, 81 per-cent of American people have looked at the science and agree that climate change is at least in part caused by hu-mans; 74 percent of Americans believe the Federal Government should be working hard to combat climate change, and 71 percent of the American people expect that they will be hurt personally or impacted by climate change. 
Madam Speaker, climate change is 
not some fallacy. It is not some evil plot by leftwing or rightwing extrem-
ists. It is simply science. Climate change is what major corporations like Coca-Cola and Nike have called an eco-nomically disruptive force that needs to be addressed. 
Acting on climate change is what the 
most high profile religious leader on the planet has called a moral impera-tive, an economic imperative, a moral imperative. It is what the Department of Defense has called an ‘‘immediate risk to U.S. national security.’’ 
I would ask my colleagues on the 
other side to adopt this amendment so that we don’t ignore the calls of busi-ness, Defense, religious leaders—among thousands of others—to ensure that the Federal Government operates with its eyes wide open and not with ideological blinders, simply because we don’t want to see the truth of what is occurring with regard to climate change. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I have 
long been concerned with how EPA conducts its cost-benefit analysis to justify its rulemaking. This is some-thing that the committee has discussed with EPA on a number of occasions, and the Supreme Court recently ruled that EPA’s approach to examining costs and their regulation was flawed. The administration’s revised esti-
mates for the social cost of carbon help justify on paper larger benefits from reducing carbon emissions in any pro-posed rule. If the administration can inflate the price tag so that the bene-fits always exceed the costs, the ad-ministration can goldplate require-ment regulations from any department or any agency. 
Section 437 says that the administra-
tion should convene a working group to revise the estimates in a more trans-parent manner and to make that infor-mation available to the public. 
I oppose the gentleman’s amendment, 
and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1600 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, what this 
amendment addresses is not simply the creation of some commission or a nuanced look into how cost-benefit analyses are done. It actually would ensure that the costs of climate change are able to be considered in decision-making. 
The answer to the concerns that my 
colleague raised from the other side would be a surgical approach, not to re-move the authority to look at the cost of climate change, which is what this language does and what my amend-ment would fix. 
This rider is really about the deep 
ideologically driven agenda of climate deniers and is a terrible waste of both Federal and taxpayer money to allow its passage because it will lead to poor decisionmaking by the Federal Govern-ment. 
Companies are planning for climate 
change. Municipalities and States are planning for climate change. We need to look at the monetized costs with re-gard to climate change of new rules and regulations. 
Instead of spending our time here fo-
cusing on how to impact and better un-derstand climate change, we have this opportunity to ensure that that is a factor in future decisionmaking, rather than prohibiting agencies from even considering it in the cost of climate change. 
Blocking proposals and silencing dis-
cussion isn’t indicative of leadership, Mr. Chair. It is indicative of fear of the truth. 
I urge my colleagues to consider that 
and support my and my colleague’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, just in 
closing, I would rise in opposition to this amendment. 
I would urge my colleagues to vote 
‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
OEof 
Texas). The question is on the amend-ment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.022 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4798 July 7, 2015 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  
SEC. 438. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose, promulgate, implement, administer, or enforce a national primary or secondary ambient air quality standard for ozone that is lower than the standard estab-lished under section 50.15 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on July 2, 2014), until at least 85 percent of the counties that were nonattainment areas under that standard as of July 2, 2014, achieve full com-pliance with that standard. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 132, beginning on line 9, strike ‘‘, 
until at least 85 percent of the counties that were nonattainment areas under that stand-ard as of July 2, 2014, achieve full compliance with that standard’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to thank Chairman C
ALVERT , 
along with the ranking member, for the work he and the committee have done. 
My amendment prevents the EPA 
from using any funds in the bill to change ozone regulations, regardless of whether or not all counties meet the 2008 standards. 
As of 2012 and based on the 2008 ozone 
standards as designated by the EPA, 24 mainland States were in attainment, including my home State of Florida. An additional four States had either partial attainment or whole counties had marginal attainment. 
What I find most interesting is the 
areas of our Nation that have consist-ently been designated as nonattain-ment by the EPA. This includes most of California, parts of Texas, and the mid-Atlantic States. These counties have had nearly 20 years to change their policies and abide by the ozone standards. 
Under the newly proposed standards, 
a fair amount of the country would be designated as nonattainment areas. Why should the remainder of the coun-try be subject to new standards when parts of the country have yet to meet the 2008 or even 2009 standards? 
Making this change will have serious 
economic implications on the States and counties that have already proactively worked to reduce their emissions, all at a time when the Na-tion is still recovering from one of the worst economic recessions of our life-
time. 
Furthermore, I would like to remind 
my colleagues of the recent Supreme Court decision, Michigan, et al., v. En-vironmental Protection Agency. At the heart of the case was whether or not the EPA took care to include the po-tential cost to power plants when pro-posing new regulations, and that esti-mated cost is $9.6 billion and a burden on the American taxpayers. The Su-preme Court held that the EPA inter-preted U.S. Code 7412 ‘‘unreasonably when it deemed cost irrelevant to the decision.’’ 
I would like to say that this is the 
exception and not the rule when it comes to the EPA, but that simply is not the truth. The EPA has made its de facto policy to implement unreason-able regulations with no regard to the larger impact it will have on the econ-omy and taxpayers and the environ-ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. This amendment 
would reverse section 438 to block the EPA from making critical updates to its ozone standard. The amendment makes an already bad policy rider in this bill even worse. 
This amendment, however, would 
completely prohibit the EPA from up-dating the standard, short-circuiting both current law and the judicial proc-ess, while putting millions of Ameri-cans’ health at risk. 
Ozone is the main component in 
smog, and it has been scientifically proven to aggravate lung disease, in-crease frequency and severity of asth-ma attacks, and reduce lung function. 
We hear about those opportunities all 
the time that we are given now when the ozone is too high in the air to stay inside. Young children shouldn’t be out, and people with heart disease and lung disease should stay indoors. 
The Clean Air Act requires the EPA 
to review its ozone standard every 5 years to reflect the most up-to-date science on ozone and its impacts on public health. 
The EPA, in fact, is under a court 
order to issue its final rules by October of this year. The EPA’s update to its ozone standard is based on strong sci-entific evidence, including over 1,000 scientific studies that show the harm-ful effect of ozone on human health and the need for higher standards. 
The EPA estimates the benefit of up-
dated standards of 70 parts per billion will yield the health benefits of $13 bil-lion each year. 
On its merits, this amendment is 
shortsighted and reactionary, and it is a backdoor amendment to completely gut the Clean Air Act. 
Prohibiting the EPA’s ability to up-
date ozone standards is reckless, and it is out of touch with what Americans 
want, and that is clear air. The EPA’s update is firmly rooted in science and 
ensures health and protections for the American people. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, ozone 
comes from many different sources. Yes, it is true that it comes from hy-drocarbons. When the UV light hits it, it does do that. It also comes from the oceans. It comes from the swamps. It comes from just nature itself. 
Ozone by itself is not always bad be-
cause it is used industrially. It dis-infects laundry. It disinfects water in place of chlorine. It deodorizes the air. It kills bacteria on food and contact surfaces. It sanitizes swimming pools. The list goes on and on and on. 
Yes, there have been reports of it 
causing respiratory problems, but that is also associated with spores and molds and things like that. 
I think ozone, at this time—espe-
cially when you look at the rulings from 1997 and 2008, those standards—I don’t think we should move forward at this time, with our Nation in the eco-nomic recovery, to put new standards on all of the Nation when yet a large portion of the Nation is still not under compliance. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I prob-
ably live in the most regulated air quality area in the United States, southern California. 
In southern California, our popu-
lation continues to grow; yet we have been able to make significant air qual-ity improvements within the South Coast Air Quality Management Dis-trict. 
The committee set a level at 85 per-
cent of the communities so that the marginal nonattainment communities could have the opportunity to achieve compliance with the 2008 standards be-fore further updates are considered. 
This amendment would prevent EPA 
from lowering the ozone standard below the 2008 levels. This amendment would prevent further updates to the ozone standard for an indefinite and undetermined timeframe, and that is certainly not the committee’s intent. 
We need to make progress in clean 
air in areas that folks want to see cleaner air, but at the same time mak-ing sure that technology is there in order to do that. This was, I think, compromise language that the under-lying bill has that works to move us forward, but at the same time not stop-ping us from obtaining cleaner air in the future. 
I am in opposition to this amend-
ment. 
I thank the gentlewoman for yielding 
to me. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I would 
just like to reiterate that ozone is in-criminated a lot of times when I think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.045 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4799 July 7, 2015 
we ought to look at particulate matter 
in dusty environments or in urban areas where airflow in apartment buildings may not be like it should be. 
Ozone is used as an alternative to 
chlorine for bleaching wood, paper products, and things like that. Many hospitals around the world use large ozone generators to decontaminate op-erating rooms between surgeries. It is used in industry all the time. 
I just ask people to support this 
amendment, so we don’t have more overreaching regulations from the EPA. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the 
EPA’s update is firmly rooted in science and ensures the health and pro-tections for the American people. We have a responsibility to protect the millions of Americans affected by ozone pollution. 
For that reason, I urge my colleagues 
to oppose this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike section 438. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Maryland and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Maryland. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to offer an amendment to strike sec-tion 438. 
Section 438 would prohibit any funds 
in this Act from being used to even propose a national ozone standard that is less than that currently in law until at least 85 percent of the counties across the country that do not cur-rently meet that standard achieve full compliance. 
Now, the current ozone standard 
under title 40 is 75 parts per billion; but, Mr. Chair, we had a series of hear-ings in our House Science Committee earlier this year where we heard strong testimony from scientists at State pol-lution control agencies and physicians at hospitals all telling us that the cur-rent standard is not in line with the current science. 
The Clean Air Scientific Advisory 
Committee declared as far back as 2008 that they believe that the current standard of 75 parts per billion is insuf-
ficient to protect public health. In fact, right now, the ozone standard can mis-lead people to believe that the air, in fact, is safe to breathe when it is not. 
Studies conducted by the American 
Lung Association have shown more than 4 out of every 10 people in the United States live in places where ozone levels often make it dangerous to breathe. 
The current standard rates, what we 
now know to be very dangerous air quality, as code yellow or moderate. This can lead those who are particu-larly at risk of ozone-related illness, such as children and senior citizens, to unwittingly be exposed to harmful lev-els of ozone. This has the potential to impact millions of people in every State across the Nation. 
Just look at my own home State of 
Maryland. There are 145,000 children with pediatric asthma. Over 430,000 adults have asthma. Mr. Chairman, 246,000 people in my State have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or COPD, and 367,000 people in our State have cardiovascular disease that is re-lated to ozone. 
The Clean Air Scientific Advisory 
Committee recommends that, in order to protect the public health, the EPA set the primary ozone standard be-tween 60 and 70 parts per billion. In No-vember of last year, the EPA did ex-actly what it is supposed to do. 
It looked at the strong scientific evi-
dence showing the health risks of ozone, and it issued a proposed rule to lower the ozone standard from 75 parts per billion to a standard within the range of 65 to 70 parts per billion. 
b1615 
Setting that standard begins a 2-year 
process designed to identify areas with too much ozone. Once those areas are identified, State and local governments can craft plans tailored to their areas using cost-effective approaches. 
This new standard, based on the most 
current science, will help to provide a framework for these plans, which, in turn, will help our States continue along the path to clean air. And yet, here we are, and this provision that I am providing to strike would stop the EPA from even proposing a standard of 70 parts per billion. 
This is the responsibility of the EPA. 
This new standard would protect Amer-icans’ health and our environment. In addition, an analysis conducted by the EPA shows that, though the annual cost of the proposed standard of 70 parts per billion might be around $3.9 billion, the health benefits are esti-mated to reach between $6.4 billion and $13 billion annually. 
Mr. Chairman, ground level ozone is 
harmful to the public health. It con-tributes to asthma attacks, decreased lung function, respiratory infection, and even death. Breathing ozone is dangerous for everyone, but particu-larly for children, for the elderly and people of all ages who have lung dis-eases. We need to allow the EPA—in fact, 
empower the EPA—to follow the science and create minimum standards 
necessary to protect public health. I urge my colleagues to protect these vulnerable populations as well as clean air for every American, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in clear opposition to this amendment. 
The language that was adopted in the 
full committee was carefully crafted. It simply allows a majority of nonattain-ment counties to achieve attainment status before the EPA moves the goal-posts. 
In nonattainment areas, the EPA’s 
proposed ozone standards would stifle economic growth and cost jobs and rev-enue. Just last week, the Supreme Court admonished the EPA for ignor-ing the costs of its regulations. The costs involved would be devastating to our economy. Even the EPA admitted it would cost $15 billion a year. Other studies have estimated that costs could be as high as $140 billion a year. 
In West Virginia, in my State, it 
would mean $2 billion in compliance costs, 10,000 lost jobs, and more fees for residents even to operate their vehi-cles. 
It would have significant impacts on 
agriculture, manufacturing, and the energy industry. Federal highway funds could be frozen and permits for infrastructure could be held up. 
I am hopeful that some of our col-
leagues across the aisle will recognize the impact this will have on each of our districts. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, here 
we have heard again the exaggerated claims about implementation, so let’s get to the facts. 
The first fact, the scientists tell us 
that this is a standard that we need to protect the public health. The second fact, the EPA estimates that the cost might be around $3.9 billion. 
But let’s look at the health benefits, 
because those are costing us currently. 
The health benefits are estimated to 
reach between $6.4 and $13 billion, and that means that there is a ripple effect when we invest in making sure that we implement a standard that protects the public health, and it has a benefit on the public health. 
So, Mr. Chairman, there is an argu-
ment here for the EPA to simply do its job, the job that it was charged to do by taxpayers, and that is to protect the public health, to give us clean air, and to make sure that we have ozone stand-ards that in fact meet our responsi-bility. 
The EPA is doing its job. Let’s stop 
Congress from keeping the EPA from keeping our air clean. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.047 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4800 July 7, 2015 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. O
LSON ). 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. J
ENKINS ) for the time and for including 
commonsense language in the bill that is now being debated. 
In 2008, EPA set a strict ozone rule 
that was stuck in legal limbo for years. From big cities to small towns, over 200 counties are still in nonattainment. 
Yet, before we finish that job, EPA 
wants to move the goalposts. They have issued new ozone rules that are so strict they can’t be achieved with our current technology. All of America will be hit hard with job losses. 
This bill simply includes a pause but-
ton on new EPA rules until we can fin-ish the job and reach our current man-dates. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
Edwards amendment and strip this lan-guage from this bill. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. C AL-
VERT ). 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
As mentioned earlier, I live in one of 
the most, maybe the most, regulated air districts in the United States, and I am a strong advocate for clean air. My district has achieved some of the larg-est emission reductions in the country. 
However, EPA continues to dig the 
hole deeper as my district continues to try to work its way out of nonattain-ment. So EPA and the States need to use the resources we provided in the bill to play catch-up on a statutory ob-ligation to help communities imple-ment the 2008 standard. 
Remember, just last April, EPA fi-
nalized the rule for the 2008 standards. When 85 percent of the communities can achieve the latest standards, then EPA should consider whether or not re-visions are necessary. 
I will remind my colleagues that the 
Clean Air Act only directs EPA to re-view the standards every 5 years. It does not require that EPA revise the standard. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
amendment, and I thank the gen-tleman for yielding me time. 
Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. 
Chairman, once again, this is a sincere effort to try to set a benchmark and not have the EPA moving the goalposts that will have such economic devasta-tion, billions of dollars in cost, and I encourage a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 132, line 5, strike ‘‘primary or’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, accord-
ing to the American Lung Associa-tion’s 2015 State of the Air Report, the Los Angeles metropolitan area, which includes both my district and also the Appropriations Subcommittee chair’s district, that metropolitan area is the number one in the country for ozone pollution. 
But ozone pollution is not just a 
southern California problem. The re-port shows that more than 40 percent of the United States’ population lives in areas with unhealthy levels of ozone. Large cities like Houston and less pop-ulated areas like northwest Ohio also make the list. 
Power plants, motor vehicles, and 
chemical solvents contribute to the majority of nitrous oxides and volatile organic compounds, NO
Xand VOCs, 
which react with each other on hot, sunny days to produce ground level ozone. 
The American Lung Association has 
pointed out that because hot, sunny days produce the most ozone, climate change is increasing the number of unhealthy ozone level days. We are all familiar with those ‘‘high ozone level’’ warnings that happen on really hot, sunny days, and unfortunately, they are becoming more and more common due to global warming. 
Ground level ozone interacts with 
lung tissue, can cause major problems for children, the elderly, and anyone with lung disease. Ozone is known to aggravate health problems such as asthma, and it is also linked to low birth rates, cardiovascular problems, and premature death. 
Given the grave consequences and 
the widespread problem of ozone pollu-tion, I am glad that EPA is moving for-ward with updates to its national standards for ozone pollution. 
Members of the medical and health 
communities have been calling for a long time for updates of this standard in order to protect the public health. The current standard of 75 parts per billion is outdated and does not ade-quately protect public health, which is what the EPA is required to do under the Clean Air Act. Thousands of hos-pital visits and premature deaths and up to a million missed schooldays can be prevented just by strengthening this standard. But instead of trusting health profes-
sionals, some in Congress have decided to protect the financial interests of the polluters. The reckless legislative rider in section 438 of this appropriations bill blocks the EPA from updating or even proposing scientifically-based stand-ards for ozone to the detriment of the health of at least 40 percent of the U.S. population. 
I urge my colleagues to vote to re-
move this polluter protecting section from the bill, to support the Edwards amendment, and allow the EPA to move forward with doing what they are required to do by law, and that is pro-tect the public health. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, Mr. 
J
ENKINS included the language in the 
full committee bill that, I think, came to a reasonable compromise. As the gentleman is aware, many commu-nities cannot reach the old standard, the 2008 standard, that is now the law, and so this just gives the communities throughout the country that cannot get to attainment additional time to develop the technologies before we go to a new standard. 
I would remind the gentleman that it 
was just last April that we came to a determination on the 2008 standard, and the administration already is talk-ing about a new standard that most of the Nation cannot reach in the short term. So this gives a brief, little bit of time to allow these communities to improve their technologies and to be able to meet a new standard down the road. 
So I would oppose the gentleman’s 
amendment and support the underlying bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, 
let’s just talk about why we need to change the standard. 
I understand and appreciate that 
reaching that standard is going to take some work, but remember, the air, by saying that we don’t need to do this be-cause the air is cleaner than it was 30 years ago, for example, does nothing to put current air quality in context. Just because the air is cleaner than it used to be doesn’t mean that it is com-pletely healthy. 
My district is a great example of 
this. L.A. County has reduced its ground ozone by 5 days since 2009, and I am proud of that, but it doesn’t mean our air is healthy. We still experienced 217 days of unhealthy ozone level days last year. 
We need to take into account current 
pollution levels. We need to use the best science available to determine what standards are needed to get our ozone pollution below those unhealthy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.050 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4801 July 7, 2015 
levels. That is why we are doing this, 
to get the ozone below unhealthy lev-els. That is what EPA is doing, and we shouldn’t block their efforts because we think that the air is cleaner or it is difficult to reach. 
b1630 
The savings in public health will far 
outweigh the costs to polluting indus-tries. If the EPA would implement a standard of just 70 parts per billion, the cost of implementation is estimated to be about $3.9 billion, but the savings in public health costs are estimated to be anywhere from $6.4 to $13 billion. That is a net savings of $2.5 to $9 billion. If you reduce the standard even lower, to 65 parts per billion, the savings are even greater, from $4 to $23 billion in public health costs. 
Ground ozone pollution costs billions 
of dollars in healthcare expenses around the country. We have a chance to save taxpayers a lot of money. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I appre-
ciate the gentleman’s efforts on trying to clean the ozone out of the South Coast Air Quality Management Dis-trict. We have to suffer the ozone that is being blown from L.A./Long Beach over into the Inland Empire. Certainly the ports of L.A. and Long Beach, the trains emit a lot of ozone and a lot of pollutants that end up in the Inland Empire, so we want to clean that air up. 
As you know, we can’t meet the 2008 
standards at this time. We are doing everything we can to meet those stand-ards, but until these communities can get the technology to meet the existing standard, we shouldn’t impose a new standard that could cause grave eco-nomic harm to the communities. 
With that, I would say ‘‘no’’ to this 
amendment and move on. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
read. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
HYDRAULIC FRACTURING  
SEC. 439. None of the funds made available 
by this or any other Act may be used to im-plement, administer, or enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Hydraulic Fracturing on Fed-eral and Indian Lands’’ as published in the Federal Register on March 26, 2015 and March 30, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 16127 and 16577, respectively). 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CARTWRIGHT  
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chair, I rise 
to offer an amendment on behalf of my-self and the gentleman from California (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ), which I do intend to 
withdraw. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Page 132, line 14, strike ‘‘or any other’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-
posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chair, the 
Bureau of Land Management is cur-rently working toward implementation of a rule that would modernize horribly outdated oil and gas regulations on Federal land. My amendment would strike a section of this bill that would halt this important work. 
What we have to do is to allow the 
BLM to proceed with them imple-menting this rule to provide a national baseline to protect our environment, our water, and our Federal lands from hazardous contamination. 
Since the 1980s, the scale and impacts 
associated with the oil and gas indus-try have grown dramatically, but BLM’s fracking regulations have not kept pace. In March of 2015, the BLM finalized a modest, commonsense rule to update its 30-year-old fracking regu-lations. 
With these updates, the BLM is tak-
ing responsible steps to improve well integrity, reduce the impact of toxic wastewater, and increase transparency around chemicals used in the fracking process. 
Importantly, these new regulations 
will not impact States that already have robust fracking regulations and will simply offer a regulatory baseline for the States that do not have current fracking regulations. 
Notably, in 2013, there were still 19 
States with operating fracking wells that had absolutely no hydraulic frac-turing regulations in place. 
Right now over 90 percent of the 
more than 2,500 oil and gas wells drilled every year on federally managed lands use hydraulic fracturing. 
Just this month the EPA released a 
draft report that concludes that there are above- and below-ground mecha-nisms by which hazardous hydraulic fracturing chemicals have the poten-tial to impact drinking water re-sources. 
Because of this, the Federal Govern-
ment really has to take the necessary steps to ensure that toxic, cancer-caus-ing fracking chemicals do not contami-nate America’s water supply, Amer-ica’s streams, America’s rivers, and America’s lakes. 
As many of you know, the fracking 
fluids injected into oil and gas wells contain thousands of chemicals, many of which can harm humans and the en-vironment. 
In fact, the EPA identified over 1,000 
different chemicals that have been used during the hydraulic fracturing process, with an estimated 9,100 gallons of chemicals used for each well. 
Due in large part to fracking loop-
holes and outdated oil and gas regula-tions, fracking chemical spills and water contaminations have occurred. 
In my home State of Pennsylvania, 
for example, there were nearly 600 doc-umented cases of wastewater and chemical spills in 2013 alone. In fact, the EPA estimates that there 
are as many as 12 chemical spills for every 100 oil and gas wells in the State of Pennsylvania. And I need to remind the House that there are almost 8,000 active gas wells operating in Pennsyl-vania right now. So that is a lot of spills. 
Chemical and wastewater spills asso-
ciated with fracking operations harm the environment, and it has been found to contaminate surface water. The EPA’s draft study found that 8 percent of studied wastewater spills polluted surface or groundwater. 
Thankfully, the BLM’s rule will help 
prevent fracking chemicals and waste-water from contaminating water bod-ies. 
It does so by validating the integrity 
of fracking wells and increasing the standards for storage and recovery of waste fluid. This rule will require com-panies publicly to disclose the chemi-cals being pumped into public lands. 
While I am concerned that the BLM 
fracking rule does not go far enough in some areas, simply stopping the rule in its tracks is just irresponsible. 
I am not opposed to fracking. I be-
lieve we have to utilize our natural re-sources, but we need to do so in a care-ful and responsible manner. 
There are bad actors in the oil and 
gas business just like there are some bad actors in every area, actors that cut corners and don’t drill and frack properly and safely. 
The States, unfortunately, don’t 
have all the expertise and resources to properly manage this exploding indus-try. The rule will set a relatively low bar but one that ensures a baseline across the country to protect our pub-lic lands. 
I urge you to support my amendment 
to allow the BLM to implement a rule that will prevent fracking chemical contamination and keep our Nation’s water supply pristine and something Americans can be proud of. 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent 
to withdraw this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike section 439. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise today to offer an amendment that would strike section 439 from the un-derlying bill. In doing so, this amend-ment would allow the Bureau of Land Management to implement standards 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.052 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4802 July 7, 2015 
to support safe and responsible 
fracking operations on public and Na-tive American lands. 
More than 1.5 million public com-
ments were submitted in a transparent process to regulate fracking on 750 mil-lion acres of public and Indian lands. More than 100,000 oil and gas wells are situated on these lands. 
This amendment will ensure that the 
BLM’s rule is fully implemented so that fracking for oil and gas continues but with full regard to public health and the environment. I urge my col-leagues to support this amendment. 
And I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. I understand the 
BLM needed to update its regulation related to fracking on Federal and In-dian lands. BLM regulations are 25, 30 years old. 
However, the States have been doing 
the same thing over the last number of years. Unfortunately, BLM’s rule is du-plicative of existing State regulation. 
It forces companies to drill into a 
double compliance scheme. It also costs them more time, and it signifi-cantly lengthens the time in which it takes time to get to a permit. 
None of this is necessary, which is 
why we adopted this provision during the committee’s markup of this bill. 
I certainly urge my colleagues to op-
pose this amendment. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LO-
RES). 
Mr. FLORES. I thank Chairman C AL-
VERT for his hard work on this section 
of the appropriations bill. 
Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition 
to the amendment. American con-sumers have benefited from low energy prices, thanks to the American energy revolution and technological advance-ments in hydraulic fracturing and hori-zontal drilling. 
For decades, hydraulic fracturing has 
been successfully regulated by the States. In 2013, the House passed on a bipartisan basis legislation which I co-authored with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
UELLAR ) from the other 
side of the aisle, and that legislation would stop the BLM from pursuing du-plicative and burdensome hydraulic fracturing regulations. 
Unfortunately, the BLM didn’t listen 
to what Congress said, and it continued down a path to impose additional red tape on American energy development and to further drive down energy pro-duction on energy lands while State and private production continues to ex-perience record growth in a safe and ef-ficient manner. 
This has always been a solution in 
search of a problem, particularly when the EPA and the Department of Energy have each agreed that hydraulic frac-turing is being conducted safely right now. Even the courts agree that there are 
problems with the BLM’s rules, as evi-denced by the recent stay granted by the U.S. District Court of Wyoming to stop the BLM from moving forward with their overreaching regulatory ac-tivity. 
This amendment is bad for jobs. It 
would increase energy costs and would limit economic opportunity for hard- working families, particularly those at the bottom end of the income tables. So it hurts those that are struggling to get by today with higher energy costs. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE) for his work on 
including this provision during mark-up, as well as Chairman C
ALVERT for 
his support on stopping this regulatory overreach. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to op-
pose this amendment. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chair, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, this 
amendment before us would strike the policy rider that prohibits the Bureau of Land Management from imple-menting a uniform national standard for hydraulic fracking on public lands, on Federal lands. 
Such standards are necessary to en-
sure the operations on public and tribal lands are safe and that they are con-ducted in an environmentally respon-sible way. This only affects Federal lands and tribal lands. 
Now, of the 32 States with the poten-
tial for oil and gas development on fed-erally managed mineral resources, only slightly more than half of them have rules in place that even address hy-draulic fracturing, and those that do have rules in place vary greatly in their requirements. 
As you can see, there is no consist-
ency in the rules. There is no guar-antee that there are good quality rules put in place. And we are talking about making sure that, on Federal leases, on Federal lands, that we have a national standard. 
The BLM continues to offer millions 
of public lands up for renewable energy production, and that is why it is abso-lutely critical that they have the con-fidence and the transparency and the safety and environmental protections that are put in place on these Federal lands. 
Prior to the issuance of a hydraulic 
fracturing rule, the BLM rules on oil and gas operation were updated over 30 years ago, 30 years ago. They had not kept pace with the significant tech-nology advancements in hydraulic fracturing techniques and the tremen-dous increase of its use. 
As part of this implementation rule, 
the BLM office is in the process of meeting with their State counter-parts—they are working with them— undertaking a State-by-State compari-son of regulatory requirements in order to identify opportunities for variances and to establish memorandums of un-derstanding between the States that 
will realize efficiencies and allow for successful implementation of the rule. So we should be allowing BLM to co-ordinate with the States and ensure that hydraulic fracturing activities are being carried out safely and effectively when Federal leases are involved. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
amendment. 
b1645 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ). 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, my 
State of Wyoming is the largest on-shore producer of oil and gas from Fed-eral land. The reason our Wyoming court stayed the Federal BLM’s rules is because Wyoming has been regulating fracking through its oil and gas com-mission from the beginning. There has never been one documented case of drinking water being contaminated. Furthermore, the way that BLM land lays with private land and State land is they are all interspersed; yet, under-ground, because of horizontal drilling, the drilling transcends from State land to private land to Federal land, and back and forth. Those wells are unit-ized so the production can be allocated among the various owners of private, State, and Federal land. You can’t have two layers of surfaces State own-ership regulation when the drilling is occurring going back and forth among State, private, and Federal lands. 
Wyoming has handled its fracking 
regulations responsibly. It was the first in the Nation to do so. I strongly urge you leave it in the hands of States who do it best. 
Mr. CALVERT. I yield the balance of 
my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ). 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, in re-
sponse to some of the comments that were never made, I would like to offer five points. 
Number one is BLM doesn’t have the 
statutory authority to do the actions that they tried to. The Federal Court was right in granting an injunction. The EPA and the Department of En-ergy have both said that hydraulic fracturing is safe, and that is evidenced by the safe and efficient production of much more oil and gas on private and State lands while Federal production is going down. 
Again, this is a solution in search of 
a problem. So I would urge all my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to say congratulations to the State of Wyoming. That is exactly why we need this amendment. We want those same regulations on a national level. Mr. Chairman, 16 to 17 States have no regulation. Wyoming has got-ten it right. 
This amendment will ensure that the 
BLM rule is fully implemented so that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.058 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4803 July 7, 2015 
fracking for oil and gas continues, but 
with full regard to the public health and the environment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  
SEC. 440. The amount by which the applica-
ble allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
ALASKA  
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO IMPLEMENT  
THE REVISED COMPREHENSIVE CONSERVATION  
PLAN FOR THE ARCTIC NATIONAL WILDLIFE  
REFUGE , ALASKA  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement the Revised Comprehensive Conservation Plan for the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, Alaska published in the Federal Register on January 27, 2015 (80 Fed Reg. 4303). 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (during the 
reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be consid-ered as read. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Alaska? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Alaska and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alaska. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise to offer an amendment. 
I want to thank Mr. C
ALVERT and his 
committee for the work they have done on this legislation, and I support the underlying bill. The administration has left no alternative to the people of Alaska and to those with an interest in our national energy policy. 
This spring, under this President, the 
Department of the Interior published the management plan for the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to recommend the entirety of the area be designated as wilderness. This would include the 1002 area that was set aside by Con-gress for potential development in the future, an area that holds 10 billion 
barrels of oil, at the minimum, and probably 37 trillion cubic feet of nat-ural gas. 
My amendment would ensure that no 
funding can be spent implementing this recommendation. The impact of this recommendation should not be over-looked, as the recommendation re-quires immediate management of the entire area as wilderness—unilaterally undermining the role of Congress through a de facto wilderness designa-tion. 
This action violates the Statehood 
Compact, which was founded on ensur-ing the development of subsurface re-sources for the economic well-being of this Nation. This action also violates the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, which established more than 100 million acres of con-servation areas. And in recognition of the enormity of the acreage being locked up, the act drew a line guaran-teeing that no more conservation areas can be created without an act of Con-gress—our role. 
There is no need for additional wil-
derness areas in ANWR, given 92 per-cent of the refuge is already closed to development. 
Mr. Chairman, Alaska holds 53 per-
cent of Federal wilderness areas in the Nation, and that is not enough for this administration. You think about that a moment. The administration’s plan im-mediately raises another administra-tive, bureaucratic wall to oil and gas development. This is a betrayal to the Alaskan people and, I believe, to this Nation and to this Congress. This plan by the administration handcuffs my State from providing for itself and pushes us to be more dependent on Fed-eral funds. 
This is not just an assault on Alaska. 
This is another example of executive overreach by this administration un-dermining the role of Congress. This is our role, not this administration’s. I don’t care whose administration it is; when the President oversteps his bounds, we should take and accept our responsibility. And this is the law he cannot do, but he says ‘‘I can do it.’’ 
By the way, Mr. Chairman, this was 
an example, I think, of this whole De-partment of the Interior. Between EPA and the Department of the Interior, they are trying to cripple this Nation, trying to cripple my State, against the law. This is very specific in ANILCA. If you don’t believe me, go back and read it. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment offered by my friend from Alaska would prohibit any Federal funds from being used to implement the administration’s revised com-prehensive conservation plan to better sustain and manage the entire Arctic 
National Wildlife Refuge. 
Mr. Chairman, attaching this rider to 
the Interior Appropriations bill would be a mistake. The coastal plain of the Arctic refuge is one of the few remain-ing places in our Nation that remains pristine and undisturbed. It provides critical protection for thousands of species—caribou, polar bear, and gray wolves, just to name a few—and they desperately need this important habi-tat. Roughly 20 million acres managed by U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service are some of the best and last undisturbed natural areas in this Nation. 
I understand that the gentleman 
from Alaska feels strongly about this issue, and he has been a great advocate for his State for decades; but on this important issue, we deeply disagree. 
Mr. Chairman, earlier this year, the 
Interior Department released an up-dated conservation plan to better man-age the Arctic National Wildlife Ref-uge, and the President took that oppor-tunity to call on Congress to pass legis-lation designating the coastal plain as a wilderness, an even greater level of protection for this incredible area. The protected area encompasses a wide range of Arctic and subarctic eco-systems. There are unadulterated landforms, and there are native flora and fauna. The refuge has an incredible biological integrity, natural diversity, and environmental health. 
I understand that there are dif-
ferences of opinion how to manage this land and that legislation designated in this area as wilderness may not get very far in this Congress. But I want to commend the President for his leader-ship on this issue, and I would hope that the legislative process could play out and that we not adopt this rider onto this bill because this issue is just far too important. 
Lastly, Mr. Chairman, I would be re-
miss if I did not point out one more ob-vious truth: the President will not sign a bill loaded up with antienvironmental riders just like this one. So we only make the path for the bill harder by including it. 
Mr. Chairman, I hope my colleagues 
will join me in opposing it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. I appreciate 
the comments from the gentlewoman. 
I would suggest, respectfully, we 
should follow the law. We have given up the responsibility in this Congress to the President—not just this Presi-dent, other Presidents. It is clear in the law nothing more than 5,000 acres can be withdrawn and put in the wil-derness, without the okay of the Con-gress, in Alaska. No more clause. It stands for no more. 
Now, we have a President that says 
‘‘up yours’’ to the Congress. That is not the way to run this business. We have a responsibility as Congressmen to do our job. And when he goes against the law through executive order, that is against this Constitution of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.059 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4804 July 7, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). 
Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I certainly would urge 
the adoption of the gentleman’s amendment, and I support his amend-ment. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alaska (Mr. Y
OUNG ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, add the following new section: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order 13007, entitled ‘‘Indian Sa-cred Sites’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment would ensure that cultural and sacred sites of Indian and Alaska Native tribes are protected by man-dating that none of the funds in this bill can be used in contravention of Ex-ecutive Order 13007. 
Executive Order 13007, issued by 
President Clinton in 1996, requires Fed-eral agencies to accommodate access to and ceremonial use of Indian sacred sites and, more importantly, to avoid adversely affecting the physical integ-rity of such sacred sites. 
Far too often, Indian sacred sites are 
an afterthought during the Federal Government land management process. When negotiating land swaps and when constructing other management deci-sions, the voice of Indian Country with regard to sacred sites is ignored. But this is not just land to the Native peo-ple. These are cultural and spiritual areas that are part of the tribe’s his-tory and its living legacy. These are places where their ancestors lived, prayed, hunted, gathered, fought, and died. They are part and parcel of tribal identity, and it is our duty to ensure they are preserved and protected. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. GRIJALVA. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I am 
happy to accept the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Department of the Interior tells 
me they are already in compliance with the executive order. There is no question that providing Indian tribes with access to their sacred sites is the right thing to do, so I would be more than happy to accept the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the 
gentleman’s amendment. The gentle-man’s amendment will ensure that this important executive order is respected in such a way that it has my whole-hearted support in protecting the lib-erty and religious rights of Native American Indians. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the ranking member, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . POLIQUIN  
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used to implement or enforce section 63.7570(b)(2) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Maine and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Maine. 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, Maine 
is home to the most skilled paper mak-ers in the world. Our hardworking men and women manufacture paper prod-ucts that we use every day. Our paper makers are also some of the best stew-ards of the environment. They know that we need healthy forests to make the high quality wood products sold around the globe. 
b1700 
When trees are harvested to make 
paper, the branches and the bark can be left behind to be decomposed; or they can be burned to generate energy to run the machinery to make paper. 
Either way, the carbon from this bio-
mass is returned to the environment as part of the natural carbon cycle. What a great idea—instead of ending up in a landfill, this green, renewable energy fuels our economy and creates jobs. 
Now, our Sappi paper mill in 
Skowhegan, Maine, burns biomass to make some of the finest quality paper in the world. In doing so, it directly employs 800 hard-working Mainers. In addition, loggers and truckers who produce and transport this biomass also earn paychecks for their families. 
Unfortunately, the Environmental 
Protection Agency is attacking this re-newable method to power our busi-nesses and to create jobs. All of us who have sat around a campfire have seen that wet wood, branches, and grass emit a darker smoke. However, the 
same carbon is being recycled through the environment. It is just a slightly different color. 
The EPA wants to impose stricter 
emission standards on companies that burn wet wood, branches, and bark in-stead of dumping them into a landfill. That just doesn’t make sense. 
Mr. Chairman, the EPA is trying to 
force our Skowhegan mill to spend mil-lions of additional dollars on special smokestack equipment because wet biomass burns darker. The mill owners have worked diligently with the re-gional EPA office in Boston and the Maine Department of Environmental Protection to put in place a common-sense emissions monitoring system that reflects the burning of biomass. Sadly, the EPA headquarters right here in Washington rejected their sen-sible solution. 
Mr. Chairman, this is not fair, and 
this is not right. Those 800 hard-work-ing paper makers at the Sappi mill de-serve an EPA that works for them, not against them. 
Now, our paper mill in Maine could 
very well be a different mill in Michi-gan, Minnesota, or Georgia that also uses green American biomass energy. 
America should keep her energy dol-
lars and jobs here at home and not ship them to the Middle East. Our busi-nesses need that energy to keep our manufacturing jobs right here in Amer-ica and not send them to China. This is a national security issue, as well as a jobs issue, Mr. Chairman. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask my House Re-
publicans and Democrats today to sup-port my simple, commonsense bill. Passing it will stop the EPA from un-fairly penalizing employers who use green, renewable American biomass en-ergy. 
My amendment prohibits the EPA 
from reaching beyond some of the bio-mass emission rules already being en-forced by the regional EPA offices and the State environmental authorities. 
Let’s show the American people 
today that Congress supports a domes-tic energy source that is good for the environment, creates jobs, and keeps us safer here at home 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. POLIQUIN. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. I suspect this issue is 
not just limited to your State, and I hope this language will help bring EPA to the table so that everyone can find a path forward for this issue that is im-portant for the country. 
Certainly, I have no objection to this 
amendment. In fact, I support it. 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Thank you very 
much, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.062 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4805 July 7, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, it is 
a blanket block to the EPA from fully implementing and enforcing air toxic standards for boilers and incinerators. 
Among other things, there are boilers 
that burn natural gas, coal, wood, oil, and other fuel to produce steam, and the steam does produce electricity or provide heat, and incinerators burn waste to dispose of it. These boilers and incinerators have the potential of releasing very toxic pollutants such as mercury, lead, dioxin, and other pollut-ants that are linked to health effects. 
In 2011, after a robust public process, 
including three public hearings and re-sponding to thousands of public com-ments, the EPA finalized standards to reduce toxic emissions for existing new boilers and commercial industrial solid waste incinerators and sewage sludge incinerators. 
Now, among other things, the rule re-
quires emissions to just meet certain standards. It is a measurement of air pollution based on the degree of which light is blocked by the pollutant from the smokestack. 
The rule also allows the EPA to ap-
prove alternative opacity limits under certain circumstances, so there is flexi-bility within the rule. 
Now, the local paper mills in the rep-
resentative State are exceeding or they are expected to exceed the standard in the EPA’s final rule, so to better fit their circumstances, they want an al-ternate opinion. That is the issue that the EPA is looking at right now. The EPA is looking at this right now. They heard the concerns; they are looking at it. 
Strangely, this amendment would 
not really address that issue. Instead, it would block the EPA from ever ap-proving an alternative limit or imple-menting or enforcing an alternative limit that had already been improved. 
I rise because this amendment, unfor-
tunately, just does not make any sense to me that we would not keep the dia-logue moving forward. The EPA has the responsibility of making sure that standards of emissions with mercury and lead and other toxic pollutants are not dangerous to public health, espe-cially to children. We know statis-tically now that up to 8,100 premature deaths, 5,100 heart attacks, and 52 asth-ma attacks are all worked into reduc-ing the emissions, to lower those num-bers. 
We need to stand with the EPA air 
toxic standards and allow them to achieve their intended benefits and to work with industry where it makes sense, and we can have industry move forward but still protect the public health, just not scrap the parts that in-dustry dislikes. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
amendment because it would keep the EPA from doing what it is doing right now, and that is to work with industry, oddly enough, to create a win-win for industry and a win-win for public health. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
would strongly disagree with my col-league on the other side of the aisle. 
Those of us or those who have visited 
our great State know that we have a pristine natural environment. It is part of our brand, Mr. Chairman. It is some-thing that we protect and will continue to protect at all costs. 
However, as a freshman legislator, I 
have been here for 6 months, and what I have learned in those 6 months is that we have almost a fourth branch of government, and that is these regu-lators that regulate every part of our life, whether we are trying to make paper or what have you and trying to provide work for our families. 
Mr. Chairman, I support this amend-
ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. 441. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of section 102(a)(1) of Public Law 94–579 (43 U.S.C. 1701(a)(1)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, with this 
amendment, this body has the oppor-tunity to say loudly and clearly: Let’s keep our public lands public. 
Public lands are a massive economic 
generator and are important to our health and welfare as Americans. They are beautiful, and they are healing. I recently got to hear from a veteran in Eagle County, and part of his recovery process is the time he spends outdoors on our public lands. They are also prac-tical. They help ensure for water qual-ity and maintain the critical aspects of rural life like farming, ranching, graz-ing, and logging. 
Public lands are where our hunters 
and fishermen go to enjoy the out-doors. They are where skiers, hikers, bikers, and motorists experience ac-tivities that are impossible in other places and are invaluable to their qual-ity of life. 
Outdoor enthusiasts utilize those 
areas. It is a vast economic driver as well. In fact, over $646 billion is gen-erated economically through our public lands, and visiting our public lands supports over 6 million jobs, including many in my district and many in our great State of Colorado. 
When recently polled across six west-
ern States, the American people said with 96 percent support—with unheard of levels of support—that protecting public lands for future generations is 
one of their top priorities and that, above and apart from any other, they see the maintenance for access of out-door activities on our public lands as a critical focus of our Federal Govern-ment. 
States don’t have the resources or ex-
pertise to suddenly take on the respon-sibilities for our Federal lands, nor do State governments even want that au-thority, Mr. Chairman. 
Selling these lands outright to pri-
vate owners or purveyors would un-doubtedly lead to loss of access to these majestic, treasured spaces and, at the same time, would destroy jobs across the West and other areas that are blessed to have public lands; yet there has been attempt after attempt to transfer our most precious public spaces to the States or to private own-ership or to sell them at wholesale. 
Mr. Chairman, the sportsmen don’t 
want this. The hikers, bikers, campers, skiers, and motorized activists that make up the areas surrounding those held by the Federal Government do not want their land taken away—our land taken away. 
Those concerned with environmental 
well-being, water quality, and public health that depends on the stewardship of our public lands do not want our public lands taken away. 
It is lost to me, Mr. Chairman—and 
perhaps my colleagues on the other side of the aisle can speak to this—ex-actly who is impacted by and who does touch and enjoy and rely on our public lands and actually does want to see them taken away. 
I would pose this inquiry, and I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, this 
would just make it difficult and impos-sible for Federal agencies to dispose or willingly or equitably exchange or con-vey lands to States, local governments, private landowners, and others. 
I just may point out the Federal Gov-
ernment currently can’t manage its ex-isting land, which is over 640 million acres or approximately 3 out of every 10 acres in the United States. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, all my 
amendment does is ensure that none of the funds made available to this act can be used in contravention to the law of the land. My amendment wouldn’t do anything to undermine current au-thority of congressionally and adminis-tratively driven land exchanges. In fact, I brought several before this body and have seen several signed into law. 
My district is 62 percent Federal 
land, and we always have various ex-changes, purchases, and sales. Of course, those are consistent with the law, which allows the funds to be used under this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.067 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4806 July 7, 2015 
I am a strong believer in the ability 
of our Federal Government and Con-gress to make choices wisely in a thor-ough public and transparent process, which we do in this body. 
What my amendment would do in-
stead is prohibit the use of funds in this bill to pursue any additional extra legal ways to turn our Federal land over to private owners. It would pro-hibit Federal dollars from being used to support, for instance, a commission around finding avenues to turn all Fed-eral lands over to private ownership. 
These kinds of ventures are fiscally 
wasteful and counterproductive and wholly unwanted by the American peo-ple who rely and derive spiritual sup-port, health, and jobs from our public lands. 
I urge my colleagues to reflect upon 
who exactly we are working for and what our goal is with regard to our public lands. 
I strongly support ensuring that all 
the provisions of this appropriations bill are limited to the full pursuit of section 102(a)(1) of Public Law 94–579 with regard to our public lands and that none of this money, which is what this amendment will do, can be di-verted to privatize our public lands. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1715 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I demand a re-
corded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO TREAT THE  
SONORAN DESERT TORTOISE AS AN ENDAN -
GERED SPECIES OR THREATENED SPECIES  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to treat the Sonoran desert tortoise as an endangered species or threatened species under the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer a commonsense amendment to the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. 
My amendment will protect edu-
cation, grazing, agriculture, energy, housing interests, as well as assist with 
preventing dangerous wildfires by blocking the Fish and Wildlife Service from listing the Sonoran desert tor-toise as an endangered or threatened species. A listing decision for the Sonoran desert tortoise is expected this fiscal year. 
Of the potential 26.8 million acres 
that will likely be designated for crit-ical habitat due to such a listing, 15 million acres are located in the United States, and nearly 4.5 million acres are State trust land. 
State trust land revenues, which are 
currently enjoyed by 13 beneficiaries, of which K–12 education is the largest proportional share of those moneys, will be severely impacted. 
If the Sonoran desert tortoise is list-
ed, these acres of trust land will be-come less valuable for investment as they are burdened with a federal regu-latory nexus. Without this amendment, schools that have already undergone significant budget cuts will see even less money flowing into their edu-cational coffers. 
The Sonoran desert tortoise is also of 
substantial concern to many different types of industry, as its habitat falls within urban development corridors as well as on rural and agricultural land-scapes. 
Listing the species as threatened or 
endangered will negatively impact commercial, housing and energy devel-opers as well as the agriculture and grazing industries. 
Specifically, a listing would be detri-
mental for 273 different grazing allot-ments and would jeopardize nearly 6 million acres used for livestock graz-ing. 
Mining will also suffer, as the BLM 
listed 9,675 new mining claims from 1990 to 2002, 36 percent of which fall within the Sonoran desert tortoise’s habitat. 
Any ground and vegetation-dis-
turbing activities, including fire sup-pression activities and restorative treatments, would also be negatively impacted by a listing decision for the species. 
Solar energy would also likely be 
harmed, as large solar projects on desert floors are considered a potential threat to the Sonoran desert tortoise. 
My amendment will also encourage 
significant voluntary efforts and finan-cial contributions for the Sonoran desert tortoise to continue, many of which are already underway at the local level. 
Important local conservation efforts 
began for the species in 2010, and a Can-didate Conservation Agreement was re-cently signed by 15 different agencies in February. 
Should the Sonoran desert tortoise 
become listed, these voluntary efforts and moneys will dissipate as local property owners, ranchers, and devel-opers will no longer have any incentive to work with the Federal and State wildlife management agencies on con-servation efforts for the species. My amendment is supported by the 
Public Lands Council, the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, Ameri-cans for Limited Government, the Ari-zona Cattlemen’s Association, the Ari-zona Farm Bureau, the Arizona Mining Association, the Home Builders Asso-ciation of Central Arizona, and numer-ous other organizations that are strongly opposed to this listing. 
I thank the chair and the ranking 
member for their tireless efforts to produce this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would do two things. First, it would prohibit the Fish and Wildlife Service from treating the Sonoran desert tortoise as threatened or endan-gered under the Endangered Species Act. Secondly, it would restrict the Service from offering any of the crit-ical protections to preserve the species. 
The Sonoran desert tortoise is an 
iconic species. It has been part of the Sonoran Desert ecosystem for over 150,000 years. In 2010, the Fish and Wildlife Service found that the listing for the Sonoran desert tortoise was warranted, but it was precluded be-cause it needed to address other higher priorities. 
So last December the Service an-
nounced that it was working on a pro-posed listing determination that is ex-pected to be published within the year. 
This amendment, if it were to pass, 
would stop the Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice’s efforts and block the Service from meeting a court-ordered deadline to make this listing determination. In other words, they would put the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service at odds with what the court has requested them to do. This amendment has no place in the appropriations process, nor does it have any place in this legislative proc-ess. 
Let’s just think about the Endan-
gered Species Act for a minute. It has been one of our most effective and im-portant environmental laws, and it is supported by over 85 percent of Ameri-cans. 
There has been no law that has been 
more important in preventing the ex-tinction of wildlife, but some Members of this body seem determined to under-mine the law by placing harmful policy riders on this bill. 
From my count, as of right now, 
there are at least 10 species that are at risk of losing the Endangered Species Act protections in this bill. 
What type of conservation legacy are 
we leaving for future generations? That is why I oppose the amendment, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it as well. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, the 
Sonoran desert tortoise is part of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.069 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4807 July 7, 2015 
growing problem involving large settle-
ments with the environmental groups who sue the Fish and Wildlife Service’s regulatory protections with regard to a large number of different wildlife and plant species. 
These multi-district litigation settle-
ments, commonly known as ‘‘sue and settle tactics,’’ force the Fish and Wildlife Service to make listing deci-
sions on several hundred species, often with little or no scientific data sup-porting these listings and without pub-lic input to this process. 
This possible listing is a result of a 
lawsuit filed by a few special interest groups aimed at stifling development and has nothing to do with the tor-toise. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . TSONGAS  
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO IMPLEMENT OR  
ENFORCE SPECIFIC SECTIONS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement or en-force section 117, 121, or 122 of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Massachusetts. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment, which I offer with Mr. B
EYER of Virginia, would strike three 
policy riders related to the Endangered Species Act from the underlying bill, those concerning the greater sage- grouse, the northern long-eared bat, and the gray wolf. I want to focus my remarks on the greater sage-grouse. 
The language in this bill that seeks 
to block an Endangered Species Act listing of the bird is unnecessary and is completely inappropriate, putting both the species and the historic quintessentially American sagebrush steppe landscape at risk. 
In 1901, Mark Twain described the 
sagebrush steppe as a ‘‘forest in exquis-ite miniature.’’ At one point, as many as 16 million greater sage-grouse called the sagebrush sea home. Settlers trav-eling west said that flocks of sage- grouse ‘‘blackened the sky.’’ Today the population has been reduced to as few as 200,000 birds. 
Right now there are unprecedented 
and proactive partnerships throughout the West which are working to con-serve sagebrush habitat, to encourage predictability for economic develop-ment, and to prevent the listing of the greater sage-grouse as endangered or threatened under the Endangered Spe-cies Act. 
Federal agencies, States, sportsmen, 
ranchers, farmers, and conservationists have all come together in this effort. In 
fact, the 10 land management plans re-leased by the Interior Department last month are based on plans developed by the States, not one size fits all, but in-dividual plans to suit each State’s indi-vidual needs. This is all the result of a concerted collaboration. 
The Fish and Wildlife Service and the 
States themselves agree that, as long as these partnerships continue, it is likely that the greater sage-grouse will not be listed as endangered or threat-ened under the Endangered Species Act. 
Rather than helping communities, 
the rider in this bill creates uncer-tainty and only undermines the im-mense coordinated progress already un-derway. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I will 
talk about the three different provi-sions to this amendment. Let me first talk about the sage-grouse. 
The sage-grouse provision in this bill 
is meant to give the Fish and Wildlife Service time to make a determination of whether there ought to be a listing or not. The court has ordered them to make a determination by, I think, Sep-tember 30. We are trying to give them the time necessary. 
This is going to affect 11 Western 
States. It is not going to affect Massa-chusetts, by the way, but it is going to affect 11 Western States substantially. 
They have recently put out their re-
source management plans to the States. There is a period in which the States have a chance to interact with the Federal agency and raise their complaints and so forth about what the problems are with their resource man-agement plans. 
We are trying to give the Fish and 
Wildlife Service and the States—the 11 Western States, by the way, not Massa-chusetts—the time to come up with a plan so that we don’t list this bird. 
The Fish and Wildlife Service and the 
States—everybody, essentially—agree we don’t want sage-grouse listed. The States have made incredible progress and have made incredible sacrifices. 
The State of Wyoming has taken, I 
want to say, millions of acres which have potential resources off the table in order to protect the sage-grouse. So we have taken extraordinary efforts to make sure that we don’t list this bird. 
As far as the wolves are concerned, 
the fact is that the Fish and Wildlife Service delisted the wolves. It was not us. We didn’t want to go against science. We are not going against science. We aren’t trying to make any species become extinct. 
It was the Fish and Wildlife Service 
in their use of science that delisted the wolves. But guess what. Some people weren’t happy with that; so, they took them to court. And now we are in a court case. The same thing happened in 
Idaho and in Montana. 
This language doesn’t take a species 
off the endangered species list. Some people think we are trying to delist species, and we are not. We are going back to the decision made by the Fish and Wildlife Service to delist the wolves in the Great Lakes and in the State of Wyoming. 
I think, if you want to talk about the 
cost and if you want to complain about what is going on here, you really ought to complain to the plaintiffs who are causing all of this hassle with wolves when the States have done exactly what they were supposed to do. 
The wolf populations in the Great 
Lakes particularly have exploded. In Idaho and Montana, they have ex-ploded. In Wyoming, they have ex-ploded. That is why the Fish and Wild-life Service delisted them. 
This amendment is contrary to every 
bit of science that there is that deals with endangered species. So I would urge my colleagues to reject this amendment even though it doesn’t af-fect Massachusetts. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to first comment that Mas-sachusetts, at one time, was home to the Heath Hen, which is the greater sage-grouse’s cousin. 
Because at that time we did not have 
an Endangered Species Act, that Heath Hen is now, unfortunately, extinct. So we have learned an important lesson about the great role the Endangered Species Act does play to protect some of our remarkable species. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ), my col-
league. 
Mr. BEYER. I thank the gentle-
woman. 
Mr. Chairman, despite what you may 
hear from some Members of Congress, gray wolves have not recovered. In a test by the Fish and Wildlife Service to remove them from the Endangered Species Act, protections for wolves have failed time and again. 
Why? It is because scientific experts 
have shown and the courts have con-firmed that the best available science does not justify the removal of all ESA protections for gray wolves at this time. 
In fact, the only instance in which 
wolves have been delisted has been through the unprecedented and unfor-tunate congressional action in 2011 to remove protections from wolves in the Northern Rocky Mountains. 
These wolves are now endlessly per-
secuted by hunters and ranchers de-spite the positive effects they have on the ecosystem and the minimal toll they take on livestock. 
b1730 
Wolf-related tourism around Yellow-
stone generates more than $35 million annually for local economies, and re-covery in the Pacific Northwest is only beginning. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.071 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4808 July 7, 2015 
This amendment would prevent Con-
gress from directing the Fish and Wild-life Service to reissue the delisting of wolves in the western Great Lakes and Wyoming. Now is not the time for Con-gress to declare open season on one of America’s most iconic wild animals. Science, not politics, should guide these delisting decisions. 
By the way, wolves are not in Massa-
chusetts, they are not in Virginia, and they never will be as long as we do not continue our efforts to protect wolves and allow them to occupy the old terri-tories they did a few hundred years ago. 
This amendment would also allow 
the Fish and Wildlife Service to move forward with steps to protect the northern long-eared bat. Over the past decade, populations of the bat have de-clined 98 percent, mostly because of the deadly effects of white-nose syndrome. As a result, Fish and Wildlife Service recently listed the bat as a threatened species. While scientists and wildlife managers work to fight the spread of white-nose syndrome, it is important to ensure that the remaining bat popu-lations are safe from other threats. 
The interim rule currently in effect 
governing taking of the bat is incred-ibly flexible and was developed in close coordination with industry stake-holders, particularly the timber indus-try, to ensure that economic activity is not negatively impacted. 
The final rule is expected to be simi-
larly flexible. The language in this bill will only serve as a delay tactic, caus-ing additional uncertainty for busi-nesses and property owners, and this amendment would effectively strike these unnecessary sections from the bill. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, how much 
time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
gentleman. I appreciate the gentle-man’s comments. I do have some gray wolves in Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, and other places that we will be happy to ship to you if you like. In fact, we didn’t have any in Idaho until Fish and Wildlife Service decided that they were going to reintroduce them in Idaho. 
When you say the minimal take that 
it has on cattle, wildlife, and other types of things, there were gray wolves in Idaho that one sheep rancher lost over 300 head of sheep in one night to some wolves. That ends his business, essentially. So it is not a minimal take. If you look at the calf-to-cow ratio of elk and deer in Idaho, the num-bers have been down substantially, par-ticularly with elk because, guess what, they like elk, even though we were told that they will go after deer and not elk. Wolves, I guess, like elk better than they do deer. 
The gentleman says we need to de-
pend on science, not Congress. Con-gress never delisted a species. We didn’t delist the gray wolves in Idaho and Montana. It was the Fish and Wild-life Service using science. When you 
say the gray wolves have not recov-ered, where is your science? Where do you get that? Where does that state-ment come from? Fish and Wildlife Service that has done the investiga-tions said yes, they have. So do we just not trust them? 
It is you people proposing this 
amendment that are going against science. We are just trying to make sure that the science is protected, and politics doesn’t enter. We appreciate the people of Virginia and the people of Massachusetts trying to make sure that the wolves are healthy in Idaho. I can guarantee you they are. They are not persecuted, as you said. Yes, they are hunted, but anybody who believed we were going to introduce wolves into Idaho or Montana where they hadn’t been for a number of years and you weren’t going to have to maintain pop-ulation controls of them was living in a fantasyland. 
Yes, we do have hunting seasons for 
wolves, as we do almost all species, but we have to maintain a certain popu-lation, and if that population isn’t maintained, guess what. Fish and Wild-life takes over, and they go back on the endangered list. So it is not Congress that is making these decisions. It is Fish and Wildlife Service. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to reiterate that the riders in the underlying bill will do nothing to help our native species but, instead, only serve to cause uncertainty and delay, undermining all the concerted effort by many stakeholders, all seeking to avoid a listing, particularly with the sage-grouse. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for the United Na-tions Environment Programme. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer one final amendment to the De-partment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. 
The amendment is simple. It pro-
hibits the EPA from providing funding to the United Nations Environment Programme. The United Nations Envi-ronment Programme, or UNEP—I would call it inept—has a history of taking unusual and extreme policy po-sitions, including advocating for popu-lation control. 
The United Nations is typically fund-
ed in the State Department’s budget under contributions to international organizations, or CIL. The funds appro-priated by this act are meant to be used domestically, not as a slush fund to give to programs at the United Na-tions. 
I will quickly highlight some of the 
names of the UNEP initiatives that the EPA spent millions of dollars on. One is to promote environmental sound management worldwide. Another one is UNEP Regional Program, Climate Ben-efits, Asia Pacific. There is even one called Russian Federation Support to the National Program of Action for the Protection of the Arctic. This last one is money that goes specifically to the Russian cause. 
I will read from the EPA’s own Web 
site the description of this program: 
This project centers on protection of the 
Arctic environment in Russia. 
This work will cover three broad areas: Number one, implementation of Russia’s 
national plan of action for protection of the Arctic marine environment from anthropo-genic pollution; 
Number two, hazardous chemical manage-
ment; 
And, three, climate change mitigation ad-
aptation and awareness. 
So let me get this straight. In addi-
tion to the billions we contribute to the United Nations through the CIO ac-count, the EPA is funneling millions of tax dollars to this United Nations pro-gram, which then gives the money to Russia, who then uses it to implement a Russian national plan and for climate change mitigation, adaptation, and awareness. 
U.S. taxpayers, do I need to say any-
thing further why we need to stop this? Let’s keep the United States Environ-mental Protection Agency focused on issues within the United States. Our fa-vorite out-of-control agency need not be concerned with the Asia-Pacific re-gion or with Russia. 
I urge my colleagues to adopt this 
commonsense amendment that is en-dorsed by the Americans for Limited Government, the Eagle Forum, the Taxpayers Protection Alliance, the Council for Citizens Against Govern-ment Waste, and the Yavapai County Board of Supervisors. 
I thank the chairman and ranking 
member for their tireless efforts in pro-ducing this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.074 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4809 July 7, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, this 
amendment would prohibit any agency from using funds for the United Na-tions Environment Programme. Funds for the U.N. are primarily provided through the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee. The EPA administers about $500,000 of international grants, not the millions or the billions that were referred to in this particular bill. So I strongly op-pose the amendment. 
I understand, as I said earlier, there 
is a small amount of funding adminis-tered for the U.N. Environment Pro-gramme in this bill. The primary source of funding for the international programs, I want to stress again, is in the State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs bill, not this bill. 
So this amendment seeks to solve a 
problem that really doesn’t exist in this bill, but jurisdictional questions aside, we must be an international partner with respect to the environ-ment. Engagement with the inter-national community allows us to share and learn best practices on how to manage toxic substances; international engagement helps set international standards to help our products compete globally; and, more importantly, pollu-tion knows no boundaries. It does not respect international borders. 
In the 1970s and 1980s, acid rain was a 
problem both in the United States and Canada, and through domestic legisla-tion and international work with Can-ada, we have reduced the amount of acid rain that falls upon the United States and Canada. Now, right now in my home State of Minnesota, we are under a high pollution warning. The culprit is, sadly, a series of forest fires that are raging to the north border of us in Saskatchewan. Now, if we are going to be committed to clean air and clean water on the Canadian-U.S. bor-der, we must be engaged both here at home and abroad. 
So as a proud Minnesotan and a 
proud Member of the United States Congress, I urge my colleagues to re-ject this amendment and to work to-gether in partnership. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Let’s set the record 
straight. CRS, hardly a partisan effort, since 2003 reports they spent over $6 million in foreign agencies in this very fund. Imagine that. The facts are only convenient when they help us on our side. 
If we are going to have a discussion 
about this, let’s put it in the State De-partment budget and let’s talk about it, but let’s not hide it in the EPA. Let’s keep the EPA’s budget and deal-ings right here in the United States where they belong. They hardly have a track record of success here in the States. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to stress again that, in this bill, there is $500,000. And I would also like to stress, when it comes to regu-lating waters in the Great Lakes, our tributary rivers and basins on the northern border—and I am sure the same thing, I can’t speak with as much eloquence as to what is happening on our southern border—we need to have these international interlocutors. I would appreciate the opportunity for my State and for the Great Lakes States to be able to continue the strong partnership with our Canadian partners. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, with an over 
$18 trillion debt, when is enough enough? If we are going to talk about foreign expenditures of dollars, let’s put it in the State Department budget and make sure we have an open and honest conversation, but it does not be-long here. We have to start concen-trating on what is important to the United States, not Russia. I guess that is Putin’s kind of game is that we clean up his messes for him. 
I ask everybody to adopt this legisla-
tion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS WITH RESPECT TO  
IVORY  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement or en-force section 120 of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, at 
the inception of the debate and discus-sion regarding this appropriations bill, I indicated I would offer an amendment to prevent language in the bill from driving the extinction of the African elephants. 
I expect the administration to re-
lease its proposed ivory rule this month, and it deserves the support of every Member of this Chamber. This rider that is currently in the language of the bill is another unfounded attack on an endangered species that our Na-tion’s top scientific experts have con-cluded will go extinct without the pro-tection of the Endangered Species Act, under which this rule is being promul-gated. 
I mentioned in my previous state-
ment the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice recently destroyed a one-ton stock-pile of illegal elephant ivory, most of it seized in Philadelphia from an antique 
dealer named Victor Gordon. 
Gordon imported and sold ivory from 
freshly killed African elephants in vio-lation of U.S. law and the laws of the countries where the elephants were poached, and the ivory was stolen. The ivory was doctored so that it looked old enough to pass through a loophole in the law. All of this ivory is illegal. All of it is nearly impossible to distin-guish from antique ivory, and anyone who bought it from Gordon and resells it or buys it from a new owner is con-tributing to the ongoing slaughter of elephants and the criminal trafficking of ivory that supports organized crime and terrorism. 
The only way to keep U.S. citizens 
from being involved in this elephant poaching and trafficking crisis is to eliminate the commercial import, ex-port, and trade of African elephant ivory in our country. Ending the com-mercial ivory trade will set an example for China and other countries to follow, but they will not act until we do. 
b1745 
Ending the trade will not take away 
personal possessions, nor will it bar the movement of musical instruments or museum pieces; but to save elephants, we have to eliminate the value of ivory. 
Sadly, this rider is just another ex-
ample of House Republicans driving the extinction of wildlife one species at a time. 
Please join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ on 
this amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. I rise in opposition to 
the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate my colleague’s thoughtful comments regarding crisis levels of poaching and wildlife trafficking and the need to do something about it. This is a deadly serious matter with na-tional security implications. That is why this bill has increased funding by $15 million since fiscal year 2013 in order to fight wildlife poachers and traffickers. 
Without question, Republicans do not 
want to see elephants go extinct; but when the Fish and Wildlife Service made the unilateral determination to ban the trade and transport of products containing ivory that have been in the United States legally for years, we heard from orchestra musicians, art museums, wildlife conservation organi-zations, collectors of fine antiques from chess pieces to pool cues to fire-arms, and nearly everyone in every or-ganization in between. 
They are united in support for ele-
phants, but they are also united in their opposition to new Federal restric-tions on products that contain ivory le-gally obtained. The reality is family heirlooms and rare musical instru-ments didn’t cause the problem, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.076 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4810 July 7, 2015 
the Fish and Wildlife Service should be 
acknowledging as much. 
This bill keeps the status quo, allow-
ing for continued legal trade and trans-port so that collectors, musicians, and others can get on with their lives until the Fish and Wildlife Service writes a rule that reflects the legitimate con-cerns of law-abiding U.S. citizens. 
The administration is rumored to be 
just days away from publishing a re-vised rule to address most of these con-cerns. If that is the case and if the re-vised rule solves the problem, then there will be no need for this provision in the final conference report later in the year. 
In any case, I remain fully com-
mitted to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find a rea-sonable solution moving forward. In the meantime, I must oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
Mr. BEYER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding, and I also thank the chair-man for his comments. 
Mr. Chairman, I am proud to speak in 
support of Mr. G
RIJALVA ’s amendment. 
The U.S. is the world’s second largest market for ivory. Only China has a greater demand. 
In February of last year, President 
Obama announced a ban on the com-mercial trade of elephant ivory. This ban is the best way to ensure that U.S. markets do not contribute to the fur-ther decline of African elephants in the wild. 
The African elephant population has 
declined by an estimated 50 percent over the last 40 years, with approxi-mately 35,000 elephants poached every year. That amounts to one elephant poached every 15 minutes. 
The Fish and Wildlife Service has 
been undertaking a series of adminis-trative actions, including a proposed rule in order to implement the ban. Section 120 would prevent the Fish and Wildlife Service from implementing this rule and other policies necessary to crack down on the domestic illegal ivory market. 
I cannot understand why we would 
not do everything possible to stop the illegal slaughter of African elephants. 
I urge my colleagues to support Mr. 
G
RIJALVA ’s amendment, which would 
prevent section 120 from being enacted. We must allow the FWS to continue its efforts to prevent the extinction of the African elephant. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I urge 
my colleagues to oppose this amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, if we 
are going to stop the slaughter of Afri-can elephants, we need to stop the ille-gal trade in ivory. This rider has nothing to do with the 
unprecedented poaching crisis, and it ignores the impact of the illegal ivory trade within the United States and the way that it is impacting the African elephants’ survival. 
The rider also undermines the United 
States’ ability to push other countries with significant ivory markets—like China, Vietnam, and Thailand—to take stronger actions to restrict ivory trade. 
In fact, according to a recent Wash-
ington Post article, China has signaled that its actions to further restrict ivory trade were contingent on what the United States does to regulate our domestic trade. 
It is in the national interest of the 
United States to combat wildlife traf-ficking and to ensure that we don’t contribute to the growing global de-mand for elephant ivory, which is also funding terrorism around the world. 
We need to come up with a respon-
sible set of regulations that protect elephants, while making accommoda-tions to allow certain activities to con-tinue that do not pose a threat to ele-phants. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Grijalva amendment. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF TEXAS  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROGRAMS AND MANAGEMENT  
SEC. ll. Of the funds provided for ‘‘Envi-
ronmental Protection Agency—Environ-mental Programs and Management’’, not more than $1,713,500 may be available for the Immediate Office of the Administrator and not more than $3,581,500 may be available for the Office of Congressional and Intergovern-mental Relations and the aggregate amount otherwise provided under such heading is re-duced by $2,735,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
offer this amendment together with my colleagues and fellow committee chair-men, Mr. C
ONAWAY from Texas and Mr. 
CHAFFETZ from Utah. 
The amendment addresses the Envi-
ronmental Protection Agency’s con-tinuing pattern of obstruction and 
delay in response to congressional oversight. 
Since January 2014, the EPA has pro-
posed or finalized new, far-reaching rules that impact almost every aspect of the American economy. These rules involve major expansions of Federal authority, massive costs to the econ-omy, and are based on secret science that the EPA keeps hidden from exter-nal review or scrutiny. 
Congress has a constitutional respon-
sibility to perform rigorous oversight of the executive branch. However, as chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, nearly every request for information I make to EPA is greeted with repeated delays, partial responses, or outright refusals to co-operate. 
Earlier this year, the committee was 
forced to issue a subpoena to obtain in-formation related to Administrator Gina McCarthy’s deletion of almost 6,000 text messages sent and received on her official Agency mobile device. She claimed that all but one was per-sonal. 
Most recently, the committee re-
quested information and documents re-lated to the EPA’s development of the waters of the U.S. rule and the Agen-cy’s inappropriate lobbying of and col-laboration with outside organizations to generate grassroots support. 
The EPA again failed to provide the 
requested documents. The committee was forced to notice its intention to issue a subpoena. 
However, producing documents in 
bits and pieces after months or years of delay are not the actions of an open and transparent administration. They are the actions of an Agency and ad-ministration that has something to hide. 
It is clear that the EPA does not see 
its job as facilitating transparency and oversight. It seems to believe its mis-sion is to delay, obstruct, and other-wise attempt to stonewall any attempt by Congress to fulfill its constitutional oversight obligation on behalf of the American people. 
Congress should not support such an 
agency. We are taking further action with this amendment to reduce funding for EPA’s offices. The EPA must refocus its efforts on transparency and cooperation with Congress and the American people. At that point, we could consider restoring their funding. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. This amendment 
clearly is a Republican attempt to cut funding from the Environmental Pro-tection Agency. As an agency that pro-tects the air we all breathe, protects the water we drink, the fish we eat, it means that the EPA works every day to protect the health of every Amer-ican. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.079 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4811 July 7, 2015 
This amendment is clearly an attack 
against the administration for work that they have been doing to enforce those protections. 
It is entirely counterproductive to 
complain about a lack of timely re-sponse from the EPA and then turn around and slash the very funding that allows the EPA Administrator and Agency staff to respond to our con-cerns. 
Crippling cuts to the office of con-
gressional relations will not only make it more difficult for Members of Con-gress to get our questions answered— and those of our constituents—by slashing the office of intergovern-mental agency affairs, this amendment would make it harder for State and local officials to gather the informa-tion they need to protect their commu-nities. 
I don’t really believe we want to tell 
the EPA that they should cut back on meeting and getting recommendations from local government advisory com-mittees or tell our elected officials at a State level that they are going to have even a harder time getting a hold of someone at the EPA to help them form agreements to address their priority needs. 
Our States have a responsibility with 
the EPA for protecting public health and the environment, and this amend-ment would undermine those partner-ships. This amendment would make it more difficult for the people’s rep-resentatives at the Federal, State, and local level to reach out and get support and answers from the EPA in order to protect the health of their constitu-ents. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
opposing these cuts, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ), 
the chairman of the Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform Committee. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Mr. S
MITH of Texas and Mr. C ON-
AWAY of Texas for their good work on 
this. 
In the year 2015, five letters were 
sent to the EPA from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee regarding the waters of the United States rulemaking. All went unan-swered until the Science Committee threatened to subpoena. 
Probably what is the most egregious 
and most offensive to us is even when we do bipartisan work—in a bipartisan letter, we asked the EPA to provide a response to a request concerning col-lections of use of fees and fines—and even when we do it in a bipartisan way, those go unresponded to. They failed to even provide a staff briefing on the col-lection and use of fines and penalties, despite repeated requests. 
We hear on the floor: Well, you can’t 
take away their money, then they won’t able to respond. 
With the money, they don’t respond, 
so they obviously don’t need the money if they are not going to respond—even 
when we do so in a very professional, bipartisan way, asking legitimate ques-tions about the use of these funds and how this Agency works. 
In the year 2013, requests were filed 
for information regarding actions of a previous Administrator, among other document requests. Responses were in-adequate, and a subpoena was filed. 
The EPA only began searching for 
the documents 6 months after a sub-poena was issued, 6 months after this happened. This is just not tolerable. There needs to be consequences for this. They obviously don’t need these funds if they are going to be so unre-sponsive even when we do so in a bipar-tisan way. 
I would urge the passage of the 
Smith amendment. I think it is a good amendment. It is a responsible way to move forward. I appreciate the good work the Appropriations Committee has done in their support and their work. I, again, thank Mr. S
MITH for his 
leadership on this issue. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
b1800 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a new contract or agreement or to administer a portion of an existing contract or agreement with a concessioner, a cooperating associa-tion, or any other entity that provides for the sale in any facility within a unit of the National Park System of a non-educational item that depicts a Confederate flag on it. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, that is 
not the revised amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gen-
tleman ask unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment? 
Mr. HUFFMAN. If it can be sub-
stituted with the proper amendment, yes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I reserve a 
point of order on this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the amendment is withdrawn. 
There was no objection. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, you 
should have the proper amendment now. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a new contract or agreement or to administer a 
portion of an existing contract or agreement with a concessioner, a cooperating associa-tion, or any other entity that provides for the sale in any facility within a unit of the National Park System of an item with a Confederate flag as a stand-alone feature. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, the 
tragic shooting in Charleston, South Carolina, has forced a national con-versation about symbols like the Con-federate battle flag that represent rac-ism, slavery, and division. 
Now, like you, I applaud leaders in 
South Carolina and other Southern States, both Democrat and Republican, who have called on their States to end the display of the Confederate flag on government property, including State houses and license plates. With the consideration of the Interior Appro-priations bill, this House now has an opportunity to add its voice by ending the promotion of the cruel, racist leg-acy of the Confederacy. 
The National Park Service has asked 
its gift shops, bookstores, and other concessionaires to voluntarily end the sale of standalone items, such as flags, pins, and belt buckles that contain im-agery of the Confederate flag. While many concessionaires have agreed to do this, I am dismayed by reports that some will continue to sell items with Confederate flag imagery. This amend-ment to the Interior Appropriations bill would end these sales. It would pre-vent the National Park Service from allowing the continued promotion of the Confederacy through these sym-bols. 
Major American retailers like 
Walmart, Amazon, and eBay are al-ready taking their own steps to ban sales of this type of merchandise, and we now have an obligation to ensure that the Federal agencies that we over-see act with the same moral clarity. 
Mr. Chairman, with that, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the 
amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
ARTER of 
Georgia). Without objection, the gen-tleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. The language now in 
this amendment is consistent with the National Park Service policy, and I would support this language as you presently have it drafted. I would urge its adoption. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of the gentleman’s amendment. 
This amendment, as Chairman C
AL-
VERT pointed out, is consistent with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.081 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4812 July 7, 2015 
the recent National Park Service ac-
tions to further limit the display of the Confederate flag in units of the Na-tional Park system. 
Previous National Park Service pol-
icy had already provided that the Con-federate flag would not be flown alone for many park flagpoles. 
On June 25, Park Director Jon Jarvis 
further requested that the Confederate flag sale items be removed from the National Park bookstores and gift shops. This also follows a decision by several large national retailers, includ-ing Walmart, Amazon, and Sears, to stop selling items with Confederate flags on them. 
I agree with these decisions and com-
mend those involved for their prompt action. 
While in certain and very limited in-
stances it may be appropriate in na-tional parks to display an image of the Confederate flag in its historical con-text, a general display or sale of Con-federate flags is inappropriate and divi-sive. 
I support limiting their use, and I 
rise in support of the amendment. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
spectfully request an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . COLLINS OF  
GEORGIA  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to reduce or termi-nate any of the propagation programs listed in the March, 2013, National Fish Hatchery System Strategic Hatchery and Workforce Planning Report. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise today to offer an amend-ment that recognizes and supports the important role of fish hatcheries na-tionwide. 
Before I get to the amendment, I 
want to thank you, Mr. C
ALVERT , for 
the hard work of the committee and your recognition of the importance of fish hatcheries already there. I also want to thank my friend from Arkan-sas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) for cosponsoring 
this amendment. 
My amendment prohibits funds in the 
bill from being used to reduce or termi-nate any of the existing propagation programs listed in the March 2013 Na-tional Fish Hatchery System Strategic Hatchery and Workforce Planning Re-port. 
This report raised serious concerns 
that the Fish and Wildlife Service view hatcheries, and particularly mitigation 
hatcheries, as a low priority program. Personally, I believe that stocking the tailwaters, streams, lakes, and rivers of America should be a higher priority. Hatcheries provide an important serv-ice, including providing our Nation’s anglers with the recreational enjoy-ment and opportunities to catch fish; and they can be particularly vital to economic growth in rural areas, includ-ing northeast Georgia. 
The importance of our Nation’s 
hatcheries is obvious when you look at the Chattahoochee National Forest Fish Hatchery. This hatchery is lo-cated back home in Georgia’s Ninth Congressional District. It stocks the tailwaters of multiple projects for the Army Corps of Engineers and the Ten-nessee Valley Authority with rainbow trout for the enjoyment of 160,000 an-glers per year. Without this facility, the tailwaters would be barren. 
The Chattahoochee National Fish 
Hatchery is a critical economic driver in the quiet mountain town of Suches, Georgia, and the surrounding commu-nity. This rural town in Fannin County doesn’t have any major stores or banks, but it does have the hatchery. The hatchery has generated over $30 million in total economic input on just $740,000 in investment. It has a $40 re-turn on investment for every dollar spent and provides enjoyment to many, many people. 
The Chattahoochee National Fish 
Hatchery plays an integral role in the sustainability of businesses and com-munities in northeast Georgia. From providing environmental education and public outreach opportunities to visi-tors, school groups, and various other organizations to facilitating rec-reational opportunities, northeast Georgia would not be the same without this facility. 
The work at the hatchery in Suches 
is one example of the importance of propagation programs at national fish hatcheries nationwide. These hatch-eries are job creators and economic growth engines. They provide critical services to rural America and play an important educational role. They sup-port anglers with recreational services and responsibly stock the rivers to keep the habitats in order. Despite this, however, the Department of Fish and Wildlife places propagation pro-grams, including those in the Chat-tahoochee National Fish Hatchery, among the lowest of their funding pri-orities. 
My amendment simply ensures that 
funds to the Fish and Wildlife Service are consistent with the agency’s mis-sion and statutory responsibility. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I yield to 
the gentleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I want the 
gentleman from Georgia to know that I support his amendment and would urge its adoption. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS IN CONTRAVEN -
TION OF EXECUTIVE ORDERS REGARDING CLI -
MATE CHANGE  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be expended in contraven-tion of Executive Order 13514 of October 5, 2009 or Executive Order 13653 of November 1, 2013. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
The sum of the harmful consequences 
of global climate change is the existen-tial crisis of our generation and, per-haps, of our century. 
Global temperature changes are al-
ready causing prolonged droughts, ex-treme weather events, and rising sea levels. Tens of millions of people, espe-cially the poorest and the most vulner-able among us, are at risk unless we act to reverse the disastrous effects of climate change. 
Our best scientists and our Pope are 
warning us that unless carbon emis-sions are dramatically cut, we will see ever rising sea levels, ever more ex-treme weather, and ever worsening public health, poor air quality, the spread of tropical diseases, lung and heart and heat stress illnesses, and death. 
Several weeks ago, the EPA issued a 
comprehensive report quantifying the economic costs of a changing climate across 20 sectors of the American econ-omy. Among the findings, the report found that, by 2100, mitigating green-house global gas emissions could avoid 12,000 deaths per year that are associ-ated with extreme temperatures in just 49 U.S. cities compared to a future with no emission reductions. 
The estimated damages to coastal 
property from sea level rise and storm surge in the contiguous U.S. are $5 tril-lion through the year 2100 in a future without carbon emissions. 
The Department of the Interior also 
recently released a report revealing that over $40 billion of National Park infrastructure and historic and cul-tural resources could be at risk due to sea level rise caused by climate change. 
Taking acts to address climate 
change is particularly crucial in urban districts that border waterways, like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.085 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4813 July 7, 2015 
mine, where we are already seeing en-
vironmental effects. Now is the time when the U.S. should be deepening its commitment to reducing climate change pollution. 
Federal agency actions, including 
those of the agencies named in this bill, have major impacts on our con-tributions and reactions to global warning. It is imperative, then, that these agencies maintain mindfulness of those impacts and that they seek to avoid actions that add significant amounts of carbon pollution to the at-mosphere or actions that put people and property in the vulnerable position with respect to climate change. 
For that reason, Mr. Chairman, I am 
offering an amendment to ensure that no funds are spent on activities that are not in compliance with the Presi-dent’s 2009 executive order on green-house gas emissions and energy effi-ciency and the 2013 executive order on climate change adaptation. 
These orders require agencies to take 
global warming into account when making decisions and will save tax-payer dollars while making our com-munities safer and cleaner. 
Our agencies need to be climate 
smart, because making our Federal in-vestments and actions climate smart reduces our fiscal exposure to the im-pacts of climate change. 
It is the right thing to do to run an 
efficient and effective government. It is the right thing to do to return the highest value to the American tax-payer. 
It is simple: smarter investments up 
front mean we can reduce future costs. Communities across the Nation are thinking this way. We need to ensure that the same is true for the Federal Government. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amend-
ment to ensure that Federal agencies are operating in the manner that ac-counts for climate change. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, earlier, we 
debated whether or not to continue a bipartisan reporting requirement in the bill on climate change expendi-tures. My colleague on the other side of the aisle wanted to remove the require-ments, which would have reduced transparency. Now he wants to ensure that funds are being expended on cli-mate and efficiency executive orders issued by the President. So I am left to wonder whether my colleagues would prefer to know if funds are spent on these programs or not. 
Regardless, this amendment is sim-
ply unnecessary. The President did not consult Congress on these executive or-ders, so, if anything, we should defund the programs until Congress can have 
an appropriate policy debate. 
I see no reason to include this lan-
guage, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, how much 
time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 min-
utes to my colleague from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I sup-
port this amendment which will ensure that no funds are spent on activities that are not in compliance with the President’s executive order on green-house gas emissions and energy effi-ciency and the 2013 executive order on climate change adaptation. 
These orders require agencies to sim-
ply take global warming into account when making decisions. This will save taxpayers lots of money while making our communities safer and cleaner. 
Fighting climate change has to be re-
garded as the biggest imperative of our time. 
b1815 
My State of California has stepped up 
to this issue and taken important bold steps to confront it, including passing Assembly Bill 32, the world’s most ag-gressive greenhouse gas reduction pol-icy. At the Federal level, President Obama’s efforts, through these orders, are critical steps toward reducing greenhouse gas emissions and address-ing climate change. 
Ensuring compliance with these 
measures is the least we can do on this critical issue; and, frankly, we should be doing much more. So I urge my col-leagues to support the gentleman from Virginia’s (Mr. B
EYER ) amendment and 
continue this effort to combat climate change. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I ask my 
colleagues to oppose this amendment 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: ACROSS -THE-BOARD REDUCTION  
SEC. ll. Each amount made available by 
this Act is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Tennessee. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to begin by thanking the com-mittee for the excellent job that they have done under Chairman C
ALVERT ’s 
leadership with bringing this appro-priations bill in under budget. It is $3 billion below the President’s request. There is still $30.17 billion in proposed 
funding in this bill. 
I come before you today to offer an 
amendment that I regularly offer to these appropriations bills, which is a 1 percent across-the-board spending cut. Let’s go in and let’s take one more penny out of every dollar and use that to bolster the good work that our com-mittee has done. 
You know, one of the things that I 
like about this bill is there is a 9 per-cent reduction in the EPA budget com-pared to last year. We all know we need to rein in the EPA. We are all for clean air, clean water, clean environment. We have different ways of getting there. 
The burdensome regulations that are 
out there negatively impact—they neg-atively impact our communities. But we know there is more work that we have to do on this $30 billion budget. 
My amendment would reduce the dis-
cretionary budget authority by $292 million and would reduce outlays by $193 million. 
Now, I know that this is not a pop-
ular amendment with a lot of those who feel like we have cut, cut, cut and we can’t cut any more. 
I disagree with that. I think that you 
can look at the GAO reports and the inspector general reports and see there is plenty of room to cut. We just re-cently went into the last 4 years of in-spector general reports. Guess what. We found $165 million of identified waste in the Department of the Inte-rior. 
It is time to engage our rank-and-file 
employees in our Federal Government, to make them a team and a partner with us as we work on this issue of get-ting our budget right-sized. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. While I commend my 
colleague for her consistent work to protect taxpayer dollars, this is not an approach I can support. 
While the President may have pro-
posed a budget that exceeds this bill, the increases were paid for with pro-posals and gimmicks that would never be enacted. This bill makes tough choices within an allocation that ad-heres to current law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.089 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4814 July 7, 2015 
While difficult trade-offs had to be 
made, the bill in its current form bal-ances our needs. These trade-offs were carefully weighed for their respective impacts and are responsible. 
We prioritize funding for fire suppres-
sion, PILT, and meeting our moral ob-ligations in Indian Country, yet the gentlewoman’s amendment proposes an across-the-board cut on every one of those programs. 
This amendment makes no distinc-
tion between where we need to be spending to invest in energy independ-ence and where we need to limit spend-ing to meet our deficit reduction goals. 
And, I may point out, the spending 
problem is not within these discre-tionary appropriation bills, which we are debating at the present time. It ex-ists primarily in entitlement spending. 
So I hope we can spend as much en-
ergy on the entitlement side of the budget as we are on the discretionary side of the budget. If so, we would fix our budget problems. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this amendment. 
I yield such time as she may consume 
to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. I thank the chair-
man for yielding me the time. 
Mr. Chair, this amendment I strongly 
oppose. It institutes a 1 percent across- the-board cut. 
A few interesting things about the 
Interior bill. This bill before us today is $2 billion, $2 billion below 2010-en-acted levels. And when you adjust this bill for inflation, it is at 2005 levels. 
This amendment indiscriminately 
cuts programs without any thought to the merit of the program that is con-tained in this bill. 
For instance, this would result in 
fewer patients being able to be seen at the Indian Health Service; fewer safety inspectors ensuring accidents do not occur; deferred maintenance on our Na-tion’s drinking water and sanitation infrastructure, which is already under-funded in this bill. 
More generally, investments in our 
environmental infrastructure and pub-lic lands will just be halted, and associ-ated jobs would be lost with it. 
As I said earlier, this bill is already 
underfunded, underfunded. When ad-justed for inflation, it is at 2005 levels. This amendment would not encourage agencies to do more with less. It would simply force agencies and our constitu-ents to do less with less. 
So I urge Members to oppose this 
amendment. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, 
just a couple of comments. 
Underfunded? No. We are overspent 
in this town. We have $18 trillion worth of debt, and it is time to get a handle on that. 
Moral obligations? How about the 
moral obligation to our children and grandchildren? 
Admiral Mullen has said the greatest 
threat to our Nation’s security is our Nation’s debt. Let’s put the focus on our priorities: 
keeping our sovereignty and keeping our Nation safe and secure. 
This is something we do for our chil-
dren. It is something we can do for our national security. A penny on a dollar to get this spending under control. 
Our approach? Guess what. State and 
local government use this all the time. They can’t go print money and run up debt. 
When I was in the State Senate in 
Tennessee, what did we do? We didn’t go home until we balanced the budget because we had an obligation to get it done right the first time, before we walked out the door. 
And I do hope that we will put atten-
tion on our entitlements. But that is no excuse for not addressing what is in front of us today. To not address what is in front of us today is to kick the can down the road. 
I have a lot of constituents who 
aren’t making and taking home as much as they were in 2005. They think we should reduce Federal spending even more, reduce the Federal work-force even more, because government is getting too expensive to afford. 
Let’s engage Federal employees in 
this process. It has worked for the States. It will work for the Federal Government. Let’s get our fiscal house in order. A good place to start is right here with this amendment that would save another $193 million in outlays and $292 million in discretionary budg-et authority. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, the 
last point. I appreciate the gentle-woman’s concern about the deficit that we have. 
When I came here 24 years ago, 40 
percent of our expenditures were on the entitlement side of the budget. Today it is over 60 percent, over 60 percent. So we need to attack that side of the budget line. 
If we placed as much energy on enti-
tlement spending as we have on discre-tionary, not only would the budget be balanced, but we would be moving to-ward paying off our national debt. 
With that, I reluctantly oppose the 
gentlewoman’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ECK 
of Nevada) having assumed the chair, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
MOTION TO PERMIT CLOSED CON-
FERENCE MEETINGS ON H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to clause 12 of rule XXII, I move that meetings of the conference between the House and Senate on H.R. 1735 may be closed to the public at such times as classified national security in-formation may be broached, provided that any sitting Member of Congress shall be entitled to attend any meeting of the conference. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12 of rule XXII, the mo-tion is not debatable, and the yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 
15-minute vote on the motion to au-thorize closure of conference meetings will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 91. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 402, nays 12, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 390] 
YEAS—402 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano 
Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.092 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4815 July 7, 2015 
Gibson 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—12 
Amash 
Blumenauer DeFazio Ellison Harris 
Herrera Beutler Jones Lummis Massie 
Sanford Watson Coleman Welch NOT VOTING—19 
Brown (FL) Bucshon Clarke (NY) Culberson Davis, Danny Deutch Gutie´rrez Higgins 
Hinojosa Lofgren Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Miller (FL) Peterson Rooney (FL) 
Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) 
b1855 
Mr. ELLISON, Mrs. WATSON COLE-
MAN, Messrs. BLUMENAUER and SANFORD, and Mrs. LUMMIS changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. REED and COLE, Ms. BASS, 
and Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
VETERAN’S I.D. CARD ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia). The unfinished 
business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 91) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain vet-erans, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amend-ment. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 411, nays 0, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 391] 
YEAS—411 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos 
Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) 
Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) 
Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.048 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4816 July 7, 2015 
Wilson (SC) 
Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth 
Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—22 
Amodei Ashford Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brat Brown (FL) Bucshon Clarke (NY) Culberson Davis, Danny 
Deutch Gutie´rrez 
Higgins Hinojosa Lofgren Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Miller (FL) Peterson 
Rooney (FL) Rush Sanchez, Loretta Schakowsky Westerman 
b1906 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 
No. 391, I was in the chamber and my vote did not register. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
able to vote today on the motion to close por-tions of the conference report on H.R. 1735 and the Senate amendment to H.R. 91 be-cause I was attending the funeral of a dear friend in Chicago. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on both. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent for the following votes on July 7, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 390 and 391. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, due to 
being unavoidably detained, I missed the fol-lowing rollcall votes: No. 390 and No. 391 on July 7, 2015. 
If present, I would have voted: rollcall vote 
No. 390—Authorizing conferees to close meet-ings for H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military con-struction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall vote No. 391—on mo-tion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 91—Veterans I.D. Card Act of 2015, ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 5, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2647, RESILIENT FEDERAL FOR-ESTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Com-
mittee on Rules, submitted a privi-leged report (Rept. No. 114–192) on the resolution (H. Res. 347) providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local account-ability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform par-ents of the performance of their chil-dren’s schools, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act 
and improve forest management activi-ties in units of the National Forest System derived from the public do-main, on public lands under the juris-diction of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, and on tribal lands to return re-silience to overgrown, fire-prone for-ested lands, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
OUZER ). Pursuant to House Resolution 
333 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822. 
Will the gentleman from Minnesota 
(Mr. E
MMER ) kindly take the chair. 
b1910 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. E
MMER of 
Minnesota (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 6, printed in the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD , offered by the gentle-
woman from Tennessee (Mrs. B LACK -
BURN ), had been postponed, and the bill 
had been read through page 132, line 24. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GALLEGO  
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. 441. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to issue a grazing permit or lease in contravention of section 4110.1 or 4130.1-1(b) of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arizona. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
to offer an amendment that will reaf-firm Congress’ support for the enforce-ment of grazing fees on public lands. 
Grazing on public lands is a privilege, 
not a right, and it is critical that indi-vidual ranchers who use these lands abide by the law and pay their fair share. 
My commonsense amendment simply 
confirms that grazing permits or leases should not be issued to anyone who 
does not comply with BLM regulations. My amendment does not penalize peo-ple for forgetting to repair a fence or for forgetting to make a payment once or twice. 
Rather, this amendment ensures that 
egregious violations of grazing regula-tions are not going to be allowed to happen under the taxpayers’ watch, as there are American taxpayers who work every day to ensure that all of their regulations are met. 
Mr. Chairman, revenues from grazing 
fees go toward the management, main-tenance, and improvement of public rangeland. The vast majority of ranch-ers understands how important these efforts are and pay their fees on time, but some ranchers are outright refus-ing to pay their grazing fees. 
One particular rancher, who is well 
known to the media, has been more than $1 million in arrears since 1993. He has ignored the executive and judicial branches of our government, expanding his herds further onto our lands with-out permission. 
Unauthorized grazing, such as in this 
case, has the potential to destroy habi-tat for protected species and to damage public property. In addition, he has in-stigated volatile situations that has put the lives of local and Federal Gov-ernment officials at risk. 
Unbelievably, some in this body have 
actually applauded these dangerous ac-tions. That is simply irresponsible. Mr. Chairman, I strongly suspect that, if anyone in my congressional district in Phoenix forcibly resisted paying the Federal Government more than $1 mil-lion, he or she would be in handcuffs instead of on television or meeting with potential Presidential candidates. 
b1915 
Ultimately, however, this amend-
ment is about more than one man. It is about upholding the basic principles that our laws should be applied fairly to everyone who lives in this country and uses its public lands. 
Mr. Chairman, we must ensure that 
egregious violations of grazing regula-tions are not financed by the American taxpayer. To that end, I hope all Mem-bers will support this critical amend-ment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
ALLEGO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to increase the rate of any royalty required to be paid to the United States for oil and gas produced on Federal land, or to prepare or publish a pro-posed rule relating to such an increase. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.049 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4817 July 7, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from New Mexico and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Mexico. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, Washington 
recently issued the advanced notice of rulemaking in which they declared they were going to consider raising the royalty rates on oil and gas production on Federal land. Now, there is several reasons that we would want to consider that before we implemented it, and so our amendment simply says let’s stop the process. 
First of all, what it does is it is going 
to drive the royalty rates up on Fed-eral lands. It will be one more impedi-ment to producing the oil and gas that fuels this Nation’s economy. 
Secondly, small businesses, small 
independent producers are already under pressure to try to just stay in business, and it would increase their operating costs. For a small State like ours, rural States, the small busi-nesses, these local producers are sources of prosperity that are des-perately missing from the rural parts of the country. 
If we are going to have an economy 
that is healthy, if we are going to have an economy that provides jobs for the future, then we need energy that is both affordable and a predictable sup-ply. Nothing is better than producing our own. When we have to import oil from other nations, some of those na-tions are unstable politically. Some just don’t like us as a country; and so why not produce our own energy, pro-viding our own jobs and providing reve-nues to the Federal Government? 
Anytime you increase taxes on a 
given item, then you are going to see less of that item, and oil and gas is no exception. Let’s let the department think about this just a bit more before 
we rush into a royalty rate which will decrease America’s energy supply and make us more dependent on foreign oil. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, the amend-
ment would prohibit the Bureau of Land Management from using its legal authorities to modernize its royalty rate structure, which would result in less revenue to the Treasury. 
The Department of the Interior’s oil 
and gas royalties have been the subject of repeated study by the Government Accountability Office and other enti-ties for many years. In 2008, the GAO said the United States could be for-going billions of dollars in revenue from the production of Federal oil and gas resources due to the lack of price flexibility in royalty rates and the in-ability to change the fiscal terms on existing leases. In 2013, the GAO issued another report that noted concern that the Department of the Interior had not taken the steps to change the onshore royalty rate regulations. Modernizing the Bureau of Land 
Management’s rate structures can pro-vide critical flexibility, especially given the dramatic growth of oil devel-opment on public and tribal lands, where production has increased in each of the past 6 years and combined pro-duction was up 81 percent in 2004 versus 2008. 
It seems to me that it is critical that 
the Department of the Interior is en-suring that the public is receiving a fair return from the production of oil and gas from Federal leases. This amendment would guarantee a sweet-heart deal for Big Oil companies at the expense of the American taxpayer. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, I would like 
to thank my cosponsors on this amend-ment: Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
LAMBORN , and Mr. Z INKE. I appreciate 
their presence here. 
The gentlewoman raises a significant 
question whether or not revenues would increase or decrease. We have got a couple of charts here showing ex-actly what is happening. 
First of all, the average number of 
leases that the BLM issued during each administration, we can see back in the Reagan administration the highest level. It decreases down to—you can see the relative position of the Obama administration. If the administration were really interested in revenues, it seems like they would be producing the permits at a little faster rate. 
Then this chart shows the oil produc-
tion; the increase in oil production in blue is shown here on private lands while the decrease in oil production on the public lands is being shown in the red. 
Again, if the administration were 
very interested, it seems like they would modernize not the royalty rate, but the way in which they approve these wells. Sometimes, wells go for 6 months or a year without being per-mitted, where States can offer 30-day processing of the permits. 
The same is happening with natural 
gas. Again, we just see the blue on pri-vate lands where natural gas produc-tion is increasing, dramatic decreases in production of natural gas on Federal lands. Again, it looks like, if the agen-cy were worried about the revenues, they would seek to modernize and up-date their procedures first. 
I yield to the chairman of the com-
mittee. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for 
this amendment. I think it is a good amendment. I certainly understand his concern. 
I would urge my colleagues to sup-
port the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. PEARCE. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ). Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. The Bureau of Land Management has only just begun the process of examining whether royalty rates and rentals for oil and gas leases on public lands should be increased. That process should be allowed to continue. 
GAO recently found that, based upon 
the results of a number of studies, the U.S. Government receives one of the lowest government takes, commonly understood to be the total revenue, as a percentage of the value of oil and natural gas produced in the entire world. 
For example, royalty rates on public 
land are at 12.5 percent, considerably less than the royalty rates even on State lands, which range from a low of 16.67 percent to 25 percent-plus. These low royalty rates cheat the American taxpayers and keep them from receiv-ing a fair return for the extraction of their oil and gas resources. 
However, rental rates are even worse. 
To secure very valuable mineral rights, sometimes worth hundreds of millions of dollars, companies only have to bid a minimum, and I repeat, a minimum of $2 an acre upfront to win the lease and then $1.50 per acre each year to keep the lease. That is right, a rental of $1.50 per acre per year. This low price was last set by Congress in the 1980s and has not been adjusted since. 
This can and should change. Oil com-
panies, some of which generate billions of dollars per quarter in profits, should pay their fair share to the American people for the development of the Na-tion’s public resources. Imagine if your rent had not increased since Ronald Reagan was President or if the local grocery store had not raised their prices since 1987. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Ms. PINGREE. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. This scenario may 
sound too good to be true, but in fact, that is exactly the sweetheart deal that we are currently giving oil and gas industries, a sweetheart deal that should end. All Americans must deal with the unavoidable reality of infla-tion; so why shouldn’t oil and gas com-panies? 
It is long past time for the BLM to 
assess better ways for the public to re-ceive their fair share. Blocking the BLM from doing that is fiscally irre-sponsible, a giveaway to the oil and gas companies. 
Ms. PINGREE. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, may I in-
quire how much time I have remain-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New Mexico has 1 minute remain-ing, and the gentlewoman from Maine has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, the assump-
tion that the royalty rates are abnor-mally low in the United States simply ignores the fact that we have lease 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.101 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4818 July 7, 2015 
sales on top of the royalties. Many 
countries fail to have those. 
The United States has the most ex-
treme environmental regulations, so the regulatory burden gladly borne by the oil companies is an additional cost that many nations do not have. In ad-dition, we have got income taxes paid by the companies, and many countries don’t charge that on top of the royalty. 
What we are hearing from our friends 
on the other side of the aisle about the sweetheart deals, I think, take a look and see actually how much the oil and gas companies are paying. In our State, they have contributed to two of the largest permanent funds in the world held by our State. I think oil and gas companies are paying their fair share by a lot. 
What other industry is paying truck 
drivers $100,000 a year to drive a truck for a contractor? I think that those sorts of computations are simply ig-nored by the GAO. 
Again, I would urge Members to sup-
port this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, in spite of 
the arguments that my colleague from New Mexico has made, I still say this amendment, in my opinion, doesn’t pass the straight face test. 
I can’t imagine my constituents 
thinking that we should make things any easier for the oil and gas compa-nies or that we should be giving away the opportunity to earn taxpayer rev-enue on our Federal lands. 
The Federal onshore royalty rate has 
not been increased since 1920. That is 95 years. The offshore royalty rate is 18.75 percent; yet the onshore rates have been stuck at 12.5 percent for 95 years. Where is the equity in that? 
As far as I am concerned, I think it is 
time for the American taxpayers to get a fair return on the use of public re-sources, especially from some of the most profitable companies in the world. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HUFFMAN  
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement Na-tional Park Service Director’s Order 61 as it 
pertains to allowing a grave in any Federal cemetery to be decorated with a Confederate flag. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
b1930 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I appreciate very much the bipar-
tisan support and passage of my earlier amendment, which would end the prac-tice of concessionaires in our national parks selling Confederate flags and memorabilia of the Confederacy. 
We now, with this Interior Appro-
priations bill, have a second oppor-tunity to speak on this very important national debate that we are having re-garding symbols of the Confederacy. This additional amendment will end the practice of allowing groups to dis-play Confederate flags on federally managed cemeteries. 
The American Civil War was fought, 
in Abraham Lincoln’s words, to ‘‘save the last best hope of Earth.’’ We can honor that history without celebrating the Confederate flag and all of the dreadful things that it symbolizes. 
I request an ‘‘aye’’ of my colleagues, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON FUNDS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to lobby in con-travention of section 1913 of title 18, United States Code, on behalf of the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’ Under the Clean Water Act’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 22188; April 21, 2014). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment tells the Environmental Protection Agency to follow the law and clearly establishes the view of Con-gress that the EPA cannot lobby on be-half of the waters of the U.S. rule, in violation of the Anti-Lobbying Act. 
Over the past few years, the EPA has 
been pushing the limits of its statutory authority to the issue of the waters of the U.S. rule. Now, we have learned that, as part of their efforts to regulate every pond, stream, and ditch in Amer-
ica, the EPA may have violated the Anti-Lobbying Act to garner public comments in support of the proposed rule, even though the Department of Justice has consistently stated that the act prohibits Federal agencies from engaging in substantial grassroots lob-bying. 
In fact, The New York Times re-
cently reported: 
In a campaign that tests the limits of Fed-
eral lobbying law, the Agency orchestrated a drive to counter political opposition from Republicans and enlist public support in con-cert with liberal environmental groups and a grassroots organization aligned with Presi-dent Obama. 
The New York Times went on to say 
as well: 
The most contentious part of the EPA’s 
campaign was deploying Thunderclap, a so-cial media tool that spread the Agency’s message to hundreds of thousands of people, a ‘‘virtual flash mob,’’ in the words of Travis Loop, the head of communications for EPA’s water division. 
Mr. Chairman, this is unseemly. The 
EPA Administrator later used the skewed results as evidence of public support before Congress. 
For this reason, my amendment is 
needed to make clear that the EPA shall not violate the Anti-Lobbying Act while pursuing the completion of the waters of the U.S. 
I respectfully urge all my colleagues 
to support my amendment. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. WALBERG. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
I agree with the gentleman and with 
The New York Times that this is why the underlying bill reduces funding for certain offices within EPA that were responsible for these questionable ac-tions. 
Therefore, this language is com-
plementary to the approach the com-mittee has already taken in the bill, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the amend-ment. 
Mr. WALBERG. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. PINGREE. The gentleman’s 
amendment would prohibit funds in the act from being used to lobby on the waters of the U.S. There is an existing prohibition on lobbying that applies to all Federal employees that has been in place since 1919, so this is an unneces-sary and redundant amendment. 
I would remind my colleagues that 
Federal employees are not prohibited from providing information to Con-gress on legislation, policies, or pro-grams. There must be an open dialogue between the legislative and executive branches to ensure that laws are being implemented appropriately and pro-grams achieve their intended goals. 
We should not and cannot operate in 
an information vacuum. We don’t need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:02 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.102 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4819 July 7, 2015 
to add extraneous, redundant provi-
sions to a bill that is already overbur-dened with harmful legislative riders. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentlewoman for her com-ments. 
It is the law, and that is all I am try-
ing to substantiate, but I have read to you not from an organ of the conserv-ative Republican Party side, but from The New York Times. 
They also went on to say: 
The architect of the EPA’s new public out-
reach strategy is Thomas Reynolds, a former Obama campaign aid who was appointed in 2013 as an associate administrator. 
He said this in relationship to flash 
mob tactics and the lobbying efforts: 
We are just borrowing new methods that 
have proven themselves as being effective. 
Mr. Chairman, it may be effective, 
but it is unseemly that EPA, an agency of the Federal Government, would vio-late the law in lobbying and trying then to show Congress through trumped up evidence that they have produced through lobbying the private sector that they have support for the waters of the U.S. rule. 
Mr. Chairman, that is why I think we 
need to establish it here very clearly in this appropriations bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I op-
pose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Chairman, I urge 
support, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enforce section 435 of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment would not allow any funds to enforce section 435 of this bill, which is another harmful policy rider that limits the ability of our environmental agencies to take action to improve public health and fight the root causes of climate change. 
This section blocks the EPA’s ongo-
ing efforts to regulate hydrofluorocarbons, or HFCs, which is the wrong approach. HFCs are factory- made gases used in air conditioning and refrigeration and are up to 10,000 
times more potent than carbon dioxide. This potency has led to HFCs being re-ferred to as a superpollutant. Unless we act now, United States emissions are expected to double by 2020 and triple by 2030. 
While not as abundant as carbon di-
oxide, superpollutants, also known as short-lived climate pollutants—includ-ing HFCs, methane, and black carbon— have contributed up to 40 percent of ob-served global warming. 
By limiting the EPA’s authority 
under the Clean Water Act to propose, finalize, or enforce any regulation or guidance regarding HFCs, we undercut their ability to protect public health and demonstrate American leadership in emission reductions. 
The EPA’s Significant New Alter-
natives Policy Program, or SNAP, re-quires us to evaluate substitutes for superpollutants like HFCs that are harming public health and our environ-ment. Through SNAP, we can ensure a more smooth transition to safer alter-natives for our country’s industrial sector. 
Within the last week, EPA finalized a 
new rule on HFCs that the Environ-mental Investigation Agency estimates will avoid superpollutant emissions equal to the annual greenhouse gas emissions of more than 21 million cars by 2030. It will allow heavy users of HFCs, including supermarkets, which are the largest source of HFC emis-sions, to continue developing cleaner alternatives. 
As we continue international nego-
tiations to phase down HFCs, the United States should be a leader in re-ducing the use of HFCs and other superpollutants. The standard set by EPA will drive U.S. and international innovation and market development of low-emission and energy-efficient re-frigeration, air conditioning, foam- blowing agents, and aerosol tech-nologies. 
These innovations will actually get 
at one of the root causes of climate change before we are forced to react to increasingly extreme weather and sea level rise. 
American industry has already begun 
creating alternatives that both have a lower emissions profile and are more energy efficient than current HFCs, and last September, we saw major com-panies—including Coca-Cola, Carrier, DuPont, Honeywell, PepsiCo, and other industry leaders—commit to volun-tarily reducing harmful HFC emis-sions. 
My amendment simply bars funding 
to enforce section 435 of this bill so we can instead continue with existing rules and move our country’s global leadership in finding innovative solu-tions to reducing emissions forward. We should not be handcuffing the im-portant work being done at EPA to re-duce superpollutants. 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. The committee still 
has concerns about the costs, tech-nology requirements, and compliance periods in the final rule. It is not clear why EPA divided some categories into subcategories and provided different deadlines for similar products. 
The EPA clearly chose winners and 
losers. For the losers, the timetables remain unworkable. Manufacturers need time to implement engineering and technology changes and address new risk and safety challenges. His-toric experience with the Montreal Protocol indicates that manufacturers need approximately 6-plus years to suc-cessfully transition between new mate-rials. 
This new rule will particularly be 
hard on small businesses. The large businesses that the gentleman men-tioned have the resources and the tech-nologies available to them to comply quicker. These smaller businesses will find it very difficult to comply with DOE’s energy conservation standards. 
EPA’s proposal is not being driven by 
a statutory mandate, so the committee believes additional time is warranted. The EPA left critical decisions regard-ing energy, efficiency, and system per-formance up to the manufacturers; and they need time to get this right. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate very much the constructive com-ments by my colleague, the gentleman from California. I would just suggest this is not the way to deal with these issues, but rather to address them via policy approach. 
Section 435 of this bill will just take 
out the legs from all work we would do on HFCs and superpollutants, and it is just too broad a brush to paint with. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amend-
ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. I urge opposition to 
this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
b1945 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . WALDEN  
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following new section: 
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLANS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to complete or im-plement the revision of the resource manage-ment plans for the Coos Bay, Eugene, Med-ford, Roseburg, or Salem Districts of the Bu-reau of Land Management or the Klamath 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.107 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4820 July 7, 2015 
Falls Field Office of the Lakeview District of 
the Bureau of Land Management proposed in the Bureau of Land Management Notice of Availability of the Draft Resource Manage-ment Plan Revisions and Draft Environ-mental Impact Statement for Western Or-egon published in the Federal Register on April 24, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 23046). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Oregon. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, the 
past several decades have been really hard on Oregon’s forested communities as timber harvest from Federal lands dropped more than 90 percent because of, in part, litigation, lack of manage-ment, government regulation. 
Across the State, we have lost more 
than 300 forest product mills. They have closed. We have lost more than 30,000 forest-related jobs. This has left our communities in really bad shape, nearing bankruptcy in some cases in our counties, high poverty rates in our communities. Unemployment rates are high in these forested areas and, of course, we face, without active man-agement, these enormous forest fires that contribute massively to the car-bon buildup. 
Recently, the BLM released a pro-
posed update to their two-decade, 20- year-old management plan in western Oregon. The vast majority of the for-ests covered by these plans are what are called O&C lands, which are man-aged by a very unique Federal statute called the O&C Act. That law calls for sustainable timber production and rev-enue to local counties. It is different than the other forest laws. 
Now, despite that clear mandate in 
Federal law, the BLM’s proposal would allow for harvesting on about 22 per-cent is all, 22 percent of the land base. It would lock up the remainder in var-ious reserves. 
Oregon’s forested counties, some of 
which have more than 70 percent of their land controlled by the Federal Government, rely on receipts from Fed-eral timber projects to fund basic needs like law enforcement, schools, and other essential services. Unfortunately, under BLM’s proposal, these counties would receive an estimated 27 percent is all of their historical average re-ceipt—27 percent. 
Now, while the BLM’s proposed plans 
fall far short of meeting these commu-nities’ needs, it seems the agency is de-termined to push forward anyway with these plans. 
In a bipartisan effort, the entire Or-
egon Congressional Delegation re-quested a 120-day extension of the com-ment period so that the counties and other interested parties have time to thoroughly review the more than 1,500 pages of analysis and provide some use-ful input and comment. 
Apparently, the BLM isn’t interested 
in that input, since I understand they will be rejecting our request and mov-ing forward with their plan under their current timeline. That is really dis-
appointing. You see, these local com-munities are most affected by the man-agement changes on the Federal land that surrounds them, and the BLM, I wish, would care more about their input than a self-imposed deadline likely out of some office back here. 
This amendment would simply delay 
the BLM’s implementation of these proposed plans. That would give more time for our counties and interested parties to thoroughly review the more than 1,500 pages of analysis. It would also give the agency time to consider additional alternatives that better in-corporate the clear mandates of the O&C Act. 
I want to quote, Mr. Chairman, from 
the Portland Oregonian. This is the statewide newspaper that probably leans a little more to the left. They said: ‘‘Minimally, BLM needs to extend its comment period and develop more alternatives to be considered. But it is unlikely to develop any alternative that would be acceptable to the indus-try, counties and environmental advo-cates. Congress, not a government agency, needs to step up and help solve this long-festering problem.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, with Oregon’s wildfire 
season well off to a terrible start, we need time to review these plans, get ac-tive management on these forestlands, and by passing this amendment, we will give the taxpayers, the people who live there, a better opportunity to weigh in. So I urge support. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman of the com-
mittee. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for offering the amendment and yielding me time. 
I appreciate the concerns that he 
brings to us today. It is troubling that the Bureau of Land Management has proposed land use plans that appear to contradict its multiple-use mandate. So with that, I would happily accept his amendment. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recog-
nizes the gentlewoman from Maine for 5 minutes. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I appre-
ciate the concerns raised by the gen-tleman from Oregon, but this amend-ment would prohibit the Bureau of Land Management from completing or implementing updates to certain re-source management plans in western Oregon. 
These updated plans cover 2.5 million 
acres of land that play an important role in the social, economic, and eco-logical well-being of western Oregon, as well as to the American public gen-erally. The plans determine how BLM- administered lands will be managed to further the recovery of threatened and endangered species, provide for clean water, restore fire-adapted ecosystems, produce a sustained yield of timber 
products, and coordinate land manage-ment of surrounding tribal land. 
The amendment would suspend the 
BLM’s authority to implement a new resource management plan in western Oregon. As a result, the BLM would be forced to rely on a 20-year-old outdated plan that doesn’t incorporate signifi-cant new information. For example, the old plan does not include important conservation activities, such as the northern spotted owl recovery plan. The amendment would block one of the most comprehensive and detailed land-scape plans that the BLM has ever de-veloped and would ignore significant public input. The public has a right to engage in the management decisions of their Federal lands. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I would 
suggest that the spotted owl is covered by their planning process today in some measure because it certainly con-tributed to the downfall of our commu-nities, absent this plan. 
Look, all we are asking for is time 
for people to have a better chance to review what this Federal agency, after 20 years, has finally come up with— 1,500 pages. I think they should have a chance, as do my colleagues, including Mr. S
CHRADER , a member of your party, 
supporting this amendment. So it is a bipartisan Oregon approach that I would hope my colleague from Maine would share that we need to do better managing America’s Federal forests. 
Turn on the TV. They are going up in 
flames right now. I don’t like that for the habitat. I don’t like that for the communities. I don’t like that for what the firefighters have to face. 
I think we can do better. Most ob-
servers in the State think we can do better, and I would encourage my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, again, 
I just want to say I appreciate the con-cerns that the gentleman from Oregon has raised, and other Members from Or-egon who share those concerns. I thought it was important to address some of the considerations and con-cerns that we have with this amend-ment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. W
ALDEN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LOWENTHAL  
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise to offer an amendment to require companies to follow the law if they want to export crude oil from the United States. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:20 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.059 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4821 July 7, 2015 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO ISSUE ANY  
NEW FEDERAL OIL AND GAS LEASES AND  
DRILLING PERMITS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to issue any new Federal oil and gas lease or drilling permit to any person that does not commit to fol-lowing Department of Commerce regulations regarding the requirement of obtaining a li-cense for exporting crude oil. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 333, 
the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, as 
I mentioned, I offer this amendment to require companies to follow the law if they want to export crude oil from the United States. 
I want to make it clear. This amend-
ment is not about whether we should lift the crude oil export ban altogether. That is a debate for a different time and a different bill. This is about those narrow cases where companies are cur-rently able to export crude oil in lim-ited quantities but are also choosing not to follow the rules. 
Last summer, the Commerce Depart-
ment ruled that two companies could export very light crude oil, called con-densate, after it had been lightly proc-essed. That decision meant that those companies would not need to obtain a license to export crude oil even though licenses are required for all other crude oil exports. 
Because of that ruling, which I be-
lieve was inappropriate, another com-pany decided that they, too, would begin exporting their own light crude oil without even asking the Commerce Department for a decision first, let alone try to get a license. 
Since then, exports have sky-
rocketed. From January 2010 until June 2014, when the Commerce Depart-ment made that ruling, we exported about 97,000 barrels of crude oil a day, mostly to Canada. Since that day in June of 2014, our oil exports have quad-rupled to an average of over 400,000 bar-rels a day, hitting all-time record lev-els, with more and more of that crude oil going to Europe and to Asia. 
I don’t think we should be exporting 
so much of our domestic oil when we are still importing roughly 7 million barrels every day. We may be the world’s number one oil producer, but we are still the world’s number one oil importer. 
If we want to change that, we 
shouldn’t be letting oil companies sim-ply ship American crude oil anywhere in the world that they want to. We should certainly also not let them ig-nore existing laws and regulations in order to do so. First and foremost, oil produced in America, particularly oil from America’s public lands that be-long to the American people, should re-main in this country for the benefit of the American people. 
If we are going to allow these compa-
nies to export oil, they must follow the law. They simply can’t take matters 
into their own hands and decide wheth-er they need or do not need a license before shipping this oil all over the world. 
My amendment is a simple, common-
sense solution to this problem. It sim-ply states, if you are going to drill on public land, you must follow the legal process for getting an export license if you want to ship that oil elsewhere. 
This is not an onerous restriction. It 
only applies to public land, only re-quires companies to commit to fol-lowing the existing process for getting a license with the Department of Com-merce. That way, the Commerce De-partment can evaluate these options on a case-by-case basis to determine if they are in the national interest. 
The concept of exporting American 
crude oil is too important to let the companies make that call on their own. 
Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent 
to withdraw this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
b2000 
VACATING DEMAND FOR RECORDED VOTE ON  
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . YOHO  
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, I ask unani-
mous consent that the request for a re-corded vote on my amendment be with-drawn to the end that the amendment stand disposed of by the voice vote thereon. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
designate the amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the request for a recorded vote is withdrawn. Accordingly, the noes have it, and the amendment is not adopted. 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HARDY  
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. 441. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to make a Presi-dential declaration by public proclamation of a national monument under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code in the coun-ties of Mohave and Coconino in the State of Arizona, in the counties of Modoc and Siskiyou in the State of California, in the counties of Chaffee, Moffat, and Park in the State of Colorado, in the counties of Lincoln, Clark, and Nye in the State of Nevada, in the county of Otero in the State of New Mexico, in the counties of Jackson, Josephine and, Malheur in the State of Oregon, or in the counties of Wayne, Garfield, and Kane in the State of Utah. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Nevada and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Nevada. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment with my good friends from Arizona, California, Colorado, New Mexico, Oregon, and Utah to prohibit public land manage-
ment agencies in this bill from making declarations under the Antiquities Act in counties where there is significant local opposition. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to begin 
by stating my strong support for our Nation’s public lands. As an active hunter and an outdoorsman, I marvel at the beauty of our landscapes, our unique flora, and the abundant animal species that roam our terrain. 
With that being said, I also come 
from Nevada, a State where roughly 85 percent of the land is controlled by the Federal Government. 
Addressing this concentration of land 
use decisionmaking power in the hands of Washington bureaucrats has been one of the strong motivating factors during my time in this body, as I am sure that it has been for many of my colleagues in the Western States. 
While this concentration is certainly 
a topic that should be addressed by the authorizing committees, I believe that we can and should take an important step here today. 
A recent prominent example dem-
onstrating the need for this amend-ment is the administration’s draft proclamation to establish the Basin and Range National Monument on more than 700,000 acres of land in Lin-coln and Nye Counties in my district. 
Not only is the sheer size of the pro-
posed monument staggering, being nearly as large as many of the Eastern States, it also poses some significant risks, both local and national in scope. 
Nevada’s economy was one of the 
hardest hit by the Great Recession, and far too many in our State are still struggling to get by. Nevada’s rural county economies are particularly sen-sitive, and any decision that restricts ranching, recreation, and types of land use activities should have much of the local input as possible. 
Earlier this year I spoke on the floor 
of the House about the national secu-rity implications of designating the Basin and Range, given that most of the acreage in the proposed monument falls directly under the airspace of the Nevada Test and Training Range, one of the most heavily used military oper-ating areas, or MOAs, in the United States. Establishing this monument could drastically impair vital ground- based training activities tied to the NTTR. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to my 
colleague from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, in my 
home State of Arizona, a few special interest groups have been pushing the President to unilaterally designate a massive new 1.7-million-acre national monument in the Grand Canyon water-shed. 
Twenty-six Members of Congress 
have joined me in opposing this mis-guided effort, and there is significant local opposition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.060 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4822 July 7, 2015 
Here is a sample of those resolutions, 
and I would like to share a few of their comments here: 
‘‘The creation of a national monu-
ment by Presidential declaration does not allow for input from local commu-nities . . . and could result in negative impacts for . . . grazing, hunting, water development and forest restora-tion . . . which would result in nega-tive economic and public health im-pacts to the City of Williams. 
‘‘The Arizona Game and Fish Com-
mission is concerned that the potential monument . . . ’will impede proactive and effective management of wildlife populations and habitats . . . and may result in reduced hunter opportunities and loss of revenues that directly sup-port conservation and local commu-nities.’’’ 
I could provide several more exam-
ples but will stop there. 
I urge the adoption of the amend-
ment. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, I now 
ask how much time I have remaining. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Nevada has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. HARDY. I yield 1 minute to my 
distinguished colleague from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ). 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, 
this Antiquities Act was passed over a century ago in 1906, when four States weren’t even in the Union at that time. They were still territories. 
There are absolutely no environ-
mental laws that we had at that par-ticular time protecting anything. Yet, this act was not used by every Presi-dent. In fact, most Presidents never used it. Ronald Reagan never used it. Most Presidents only used it one time. 
It was changed, starting with the 
Jimmy Carter administration, so that no longer is this act that was supposed to protect antiquities—thus, the name the Antiquities Act—used to protect antiquities. It was used as a political weapon and abused as a political weap-on. The saddest part is there is abso-lutely no input that has to be guaran-teed by this act. 
In fact, the vast majority of monu-
ments that were created through this Antiquities Act, there was no public input whatsoever. Any public input that took place was purely by accident, purely by coincidence. 
The people in the counties that are 
designated in this amendment need to have the right to have some input in how land decisions are used that area. That is what this amendment does. 
Give them the chance to be heard be-
cause, under the present Antiquities Act, they are not heard. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Arizona is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would place uncalled-for restrictions and undercut any Presi-dent from using their authority under the Antiquities Act to establish a na-
tional monument, an authority, I should add, that has been available to Presidents for 100 years. 
The Antiquities Act is an important 
tool that enables the President to pro-tect and strengthen America’s herit-age. Since Theodore Roosevelt first designated the national monument Devil’s Tower in Wyoming, 16 Presi-dents from both parties have used the Antiquities Act to protect more than 
160 of America’s best known and loved landscapes. Only three Presidents have not. 
National monuments tell the story of 
the American people. Out of 460 na-tional monuments and national parks, 113 reflect the diverse community that makes up our Nation. Nineteen recog-nize the achievements of the Latino community, twenty-six of the African American community, and eight for women. 
It should be noted that an important 
factor in the designation process is the First Americans, the Native Ameri-cans, their legacy, their heritage, and their cultural and historic resources on the land. 
But with the Antiquities Act, the 
lack of diversity reflected in our public units, whether it is parks or national monuments, is changing. 
President Obama has been using the 
Antiquities Act to diversify the story of public lands with new designations such as the Cesar Chavez National Monument in Keene, California, which he recently designated. 
Since the beginning of his adminis-
tration, the President used this author-ity to create national monuments that recognize the contributions of Africa Americans and other diverse voices in this country. 
The Center for American Progress 
published a report that found that 33 percent of presidential designations are inclusive of the American people, com-pared to only 20 percent of the designa-tions done by Congress. 
America’s public places are becoming 
more inclusive, more representative of all Americans because of the Antiq-uities Act. This amendment would jeopardize that progress. I urge its de-feat. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. How much time re-
mains, Mr. Chairman? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Nevada has 30 seconds remaining. The gentleman from Arizona has 3 min-utes remaining. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, let 
me point out some obvious points. 
This amendment, as I said earlier, 
would undermine conservation of pub-lic lands and stall efforts to ensure that our public places tell the very im-portant diverse story of America and be representative of all Americans. 
Development and conservation—to 
say that this would deny jobs and op-portunities to particular regions is not true. 
Over 9 million acres are available 
right now under energy leases from the Obama administration compared to— 
those were added to it—only 4.1 million acres that are now land that is pro-tected. 
Since its enactment in 1906, 16 Presi-
dents have used it. 160 of America’s best known landscapes have been pre-served. National monuments des-ignated under the Antiquities Act are comprised of existing Federal lands only. No new lands are added to the Federal estate by these designations. 
National monument designations 
have better reflected the complexity— and Presidents have used that—of our Nation, ensuring that the voices of a changing and diverse community, which is this country, is told as we change and as we go forward. 
I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Undercut-
ting an authority that existed for 100 years that has brought benefit to the Nation, enhanced the cultural, his-toric, and conservation ethics of this Nation should be preserved. 
With that, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote amend-
ment. It is unneeded, restrictive, and goes against a tradition and an author-ity that has existed in this country for 100 years. 
I hope this effort is not about who is 
President at this time, but it is an au-thority that has been with us for 100 years. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, in clos-
ing, I would just like to reiterate to my colleagues that voting for this amend-ment is a vote for empowering the communities and the local stake-holders most affected by the monu-ment designations. 
Doing so will increase transparency, 
allow local input, and provide im-proved management of our public lands. It will fulfill the responsibility to ensure these communities have a le-gitimate voice in the process. 
I strongly urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.117 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4823 July 7, 2015 
any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet 
inventory, except in accordance with Presi-dential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Per-formance, dated May 24, 2011. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Chairman, on May 
24, 2011, President Obama issued a memorandum on Federal fleet perform-ance that required that all new light- duty vehicles in the Federal fleet to be alternative fuel vehicles, such as hy-brid, electric, natural gas, or biofuel by December 31, 2015. 
My amendment echoes the Presi-
dent’s memorandum by prohibiting funds in this act from being used to lease or purchase new light-duty vehi-cles unless that purchase is made in ac-cord with the President’s memo-randum. 
I have submitted identical amend-
ments to 18 different appropriations bills over the past few years, and every time they have been accepted by both the majority and the minority. I hope my amendment will receive similar support today. 
Global oil prices are down. We no 
longer pay $147 per barrel. But despite increased production here in the United States, the global price of oil is still largely determined by OPEC. 
Spikes in oil prices have profound re-
percussions for our economy. The pri-mary reason is that our cars and trucks run only on petroleum. 
b2015 
We can change that with alternative 
technologies that exist today. The Fed-eral Government operates the largest fleet of light-duty vehicles in America, over 633,000 vehicles. Almost 35,000 of these vehicles are within the jurisdic-tion of this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, when I was in Brazil a 
few years ago, I saw how they diversi-fied their fuel use. People there can drive to a gas station and choose whether to fill their vehicle with gaso-line or with ethanol. They make their choice based on cost or whatever cri-teria they deem important. 
I want the same choice for American 
consumers. That is why I am also pro-posing a bill this Congress, a bipartisan bill, as I have done many times in the past, which will provide for cars built in America to be able to run on a fuel instead of or in addition to gasoline. It is virtually very inexpensive, under $100 per car; and if they do it in Brazil, we can do it here. 
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, expand-
ing the role these alternative tech-nologies play in our transportation economy will help break the leverage that foreign government controlled oil companies hold over Americans. It will increase our Nation’s domestic secu-rity and protect consumers. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask that my col-
leagues support the Engel amendment, and I yield back the balance of my 
time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BYRNE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to propose or de-velop legislation to redirect funds allocated under section 105(a)(2)(A) of the Gulf of Mex-ico Energy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Alabama. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, my 
straightforward amendment would pro-hibit any effort to redirect funds allo-cated under the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act, also referred to as GOMESA. 
GOMESA was passed in 2006 and cre-
ated a revenue sharing agreement for offshore oil revenue between the Fed-eral Government and four States in the Gulf of Mexico: Texas, Louisiana, Mis-sissippi, and my home State of Ala-bama. 
Under GOMESA, 37.5 percent of the 
revenues generated from selected oil and gas lease sales in the Outer Conti-nental Shelf of the Gulf of Mexico is re-turned to these Gulf States. There is a reason the law was structured this way. 
These Gulf States not only provide 
the lion’s share of the infrastructure and workforce for the industry in the Gulf of Mexico; we also have inherent environmental and economic risks. The BP oil spill 5 years ago should tell us all what that means. 
Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, in his 
budget proposal this year, President Obama has recommended that the Bu-reau of Ocean Energy Management, under the Department of the Interior, redirect the distribution of expanded revenue payments expected to start in 2018 for the Gulf of Mexico oil and gas leases away from the Gulf Coast and instead be spent all around the coun-try. 
Not only does this proposal directly 
contradict the current Federal statute, it vastly undermines the purpose of the law, to keep revenues from these lease sales in the States that supply the workforce and have the inherent risk of a potential environmental and eco-nomic disaster. 
My amendment today is simple, to 
protect the clearly defined statute and prevent the President from using these revenue sharing agreements as a slush fund for politically driven environ-mental projects across the country. Regardless of whether you are from a 
Gulf Coast State or not, I would urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this important amendment to protect the rule of law to support our coastal com-munities. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chair-
man. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I would urge adoption of the gentle-man’s amendment. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition to express a few concerns. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, this 
amendment is an overreaction to a pol-icy proposal in the administration’s— in the administration’s—2016 budget re-quest. 
The President’s budget requested to 
propose to direct funds currently allo-cated to payments to States and shift them more towards Federal programs that serve the Nation more broadly. 
Now, this is a proposal that the 
President suggested in his budget, and it wasn’t included in this bill because the Appropriations Committee just flat out rejected it. This is an appropria-tions process. That is what it is. It is a process. 
The administration submitted a pro-
posal. The committee evaluated it. It had the power to accept it or reject it. The proposal lay with the committee as to what to do. As I said, the com-mittee rejected it. 
This amendment would unnecessarily 
stifle any proposals to amend current formula, which is unnecessary because Congress would need to enact legisla-tion before any changes could be made to the formula. 
The Department of the Interior 
doesn’t have the authority to change the formula through rulemaking or other administrative action. Basically, this amendment would prohibit the De-partment from even suggesting an idea for Congress to consider. 
I just wanted to claim the time in op-
position, Mr. Chair, just to say I really think this amendment—although it ap-pears that the majority is going to take it and I am not going to ask for a vote or anything on it—is just really, in my opinion, political overreach. 
Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Chairman, I wish 
that these sorts of amendments were unnecessary, but the way this adminis-tration plays fast and loose with its in-terpretation of the law, particularly through these administrative agencies, I am afraid it is necessary to protect a law passed by this Congress in 2006 in recognition of the inherent risk that these four Gulf States have produced so much energy for this country have, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:09 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.062 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4824 July 7, 2015 
without it, we will have an agency that 
will take the laws that exist—even this appropriations bill—and interpret it the way they want to, and this amend-ment makes it very clear they can’t do that, that these four coastal States will retain control over these moneys as it was enacted by this Congress in 2006. 
Mr. Chairman, I respect the gentle-
woman’s point of view. I wish it were unnecessary, but given the behavior of this administration through these ad-ministrative agencies, I am afraid it is necessary. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask for the Members 
to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a con-tract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, pursuant to the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals— 
(1) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or per-forming a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of em-bezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsifica-tion or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen prop-erty; or 
(2) are presently indicted for, or otherwise 
criminally or civilly charged by a govern-mental entity with, commission of any of the offenses enumerated in paragraph (1); or 
(3) within a three-year period preceding 
this offer, has been notified of any delin-quent Federal taxes in an amount that ex-ceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chair, this 
amendment is identical to other amendments that have been inserted by voice vote into every appropriations bill considered under an open rule dur-ing the 113th and 114th Congresses. 
My amendment expands the list of 
parties with whom the Federal Govern-ment is prohibited from contracting due to serious misconduct on the part of the contractor. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . ZINKE  
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS WITH RESPECT TO  
VALUATION OF COAL  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to finalize, imple-ment, or enforce subparts F and J of part 1206 of the proposed rule by the Department of the Interior entitled ‘‘Consolidated Fed-eral Oil & Gas and Federal & Indian Coal Valuation Reform’’ and dated January 6, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 608). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Montana and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Montana. 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of economic oppor-tunity for local communities across the Nation. 
In my home State of Montana, the 
Crow Nation suffers from unemploy-ment rates as high as 50 percent, de-spite having over $1 billion in coal re-serves. Similar situations play out in communities across America. This ad-ministration has waged a war against coal. In the words of Crow Chairman Old Coyote: ‘‘A war on coal is a war on the Crow people.’’ 
Republicans and Democrats agree; we 
all want clean air and water and afford-able power. Thankfully, advances in technology have made it possible to have both, making it possible to use our vast resources of clean coal to power American homes and manufac-turers and put Americans back to work. We can’t power the American economy on pixie dust and hope; it takes innovation and investment in areas like clean coal. 
Unfortunately, Mr. Chairman, this 
administration is fighting a more ag-gressive war against American coal than they are against ISIS. We all know of countless attempts to kill coal with regulations, cap-and-trade, and carbon taxes. 
Now, the most recent attempt is by 
the Department of the Interior. The DOI is planning to change how coal on Federal lands and reservations is val-ued, creating an unpredictable and un-stable market that threatens the liveli-hoods of our local communities and tribes. 
When oil, gas, and coal resources are 
sold, local communities receive tax revenues and royalties to help fund ev-erything from education to infrastruc-ture. However, this administration’s one-size-fits-all plan puts funding in jeopardy; places heavier burdens on States and local governments; and also stifles innovation, investment, and job creation. 
The national labor participation is 
the lowest it has been in the past 30 years. Wages are stagnant; the cost of 
living is going up, and energy prices for home heating and manufacturing are skyrocketing. Our communities simply can’t afford another Federal assault on our economy. 
These jobs are real, Mr. Chairman. I 
have been to the Rosebud Mine in Colstrip where union jobs earn their paychecks to provide for their families. This is not just a couple hundred jobs in Montana. There are thousands more like them in Kentucky, West Virginia, Utah, and beyond. 
Whether the coal is mined in Mon-
tana or turned into electricity to build cars in Michigan, coal is a critical part of our American economy. Again, I am reminded of the words of Chairman Old Coyote: ‘‘For the Crow people, there are no jobs that compare to a coal job—the wages and benefits exceed anything else that is available.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to join me in fighting for American workers and American jobs by sup-porting my amendment to block fund-ing for the Obama administration to continue their war on coal. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from California (Mr. 
C
ALVERT ). 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I urge the adoption of the gentleman’s amendment. 
It is a good amendment. Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
strong opposition to this amendment which would deny the American public, especially Native Americans, a fair re-turn for the use of their coal resources. 
The current coal valuation regula-
tions have been in effect since 1989. A lot has happened in the intervening 26 years since these regulations were last updated. It has now been nearly 3 years since it was first reported that coal companies were skirting Federal roy-alty payments by selling coal to sister companies in order to value exported coal at low domestic prices rather than the much higher prices these sister companies were selling the exported coal for in overseas markets. 
Now, while there has been a boom for 
Western coal companies, it has meant the Federal Government and Western States—where we share 50–50 of the royalties—have forgone hundreds of millions of dollars that are rightly due the American people. 
These coal royalty valuations espe-
cially hurt Native Americans who de-pend on these royalties for their in-come. The proposed regulations were a response to States such as Wyoming pleading with the Department of the Interior: Do not allow coal producers to create affiliates to reduce the royal-ties paid. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.123 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4825 July 7, 2015 
This amendment offers Members a 
stark contrast. Do they want to side with the coal industry which has been gaming the existing royalty system? Or do they stand with the American public, especially Native Americans, in seeing that coal is fairly priced and that the royalties due Western States, tribes, and the Federal Government are paid? 
I, for one, will stand with the Amer-
ican people and especially my Native American brothers and sisters to make sure that they are treated fairly. 
Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, how much 
time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Montana has 2 minutes remain-ing. 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
3⁄4 
minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). 
b2030 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman from Montana for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, current Federal coal 
valuation rules have provided stable and significant royalty revenue to State, tribal, and Federal governments. Despite this tract record, the Depart-ment of the Interior has carelessly pro-posed to modify the valuation of Fed-eral and Indian coal by granting the Office of Natural Resources Revenue new authority to deem sales, poten-tially disallow costs, and use the de-fault rule to assert arbitrary values for royalty purposes. 
These broad new authorities come 
without clear or transparent guidelines for regulators and regulated parties alike, setting the stage for inconsistent valuation and protracted litigation. Furthermore, the arbitrary regulatory environment created by this rule could jeopardize affordable and reliable en-ergy production, American jobs, and crucial revenue for State, Federal, and tribal governments. 
For these reasons, I encourage my 
colleagues to support this amendment and to stop funding for this new rule until the Department of the Interior can demonstrate the need, if there is any—and I am skeptical—to radically alter the way royalties are accessed on Federal coal. 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, as the 
sole Representative of the great State of Montana, I do represent, and am proud to represent, the Crows, the Northern Cheyenne, the Assiniboine Sioux, and our American Indian tribes and great nations and understand the value of having a prosperous economy. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I would 
like the support of all Members. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to repeat, it has now been nearly 3 years since it was first reported. Coal companies were skirting Federal roy-alty payments by selling coal to sister companies in order to value exported 
coal at low domestic prices rather than the much higher prices these sister companies were selling the exported coal for in overseas markets. 
It is our job—it is our job—to see 
that coal is fairly priced and that the royalties due to Western States, tribes, and the Federal Government are paid. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Montana (Mr. Z
INKE). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Montana will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NORCROSS  
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
REVISION OF DOLLAR AMOUNTS  
SEC. ll. The amounts otherwise provided 
by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Department of the Interior—Office of the Secretary—De-partmental Operations’’ for payments in lieu of taxes under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, and increasing the aggregate amount made available for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—Hazardous Substance Superfund’’, by $22,884,840. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 333, 
the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New Jersey. 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
This is a very simple amendment 
that would increase funding for the Superfund with the intention the money go specifically to the cleanup program account. Superfund cleanup is right for the environment and cer-tainly right for the U.S. economy, which is right for the U.S. 
I come from New Jersey, the Garden 
State. We have great tomatoes, corn, and it is blueberry season. But what we also have, particularly in the southern half of the State, is a history of heavy industry. 
New Jersey found out the hard way 
that you just can’t take those re-sources after they are finished and dump them into the backyard. We have more than 200 sites in New Jersey list-ed as being in serious violation of at least one of four Federal environ-mental laws. The company offenders, they are gone, and left the constitu-
ents, my constituents, holding the bags. 
My predecessor, Representative Jim 
Florio, back in the early eighties, was the author of the Superfund bill. He had the vision of what we have to do to protect our citizens. 
I just want to tell a quick story, two 
of them. 
The first one is one site, $1 billion, 
and it is about a quarter of a mile from where I live. It is the Welsbach & Gen-eral Gas Mantle in Gloucester City, New Jersey. As part of that process of making gas mantles almost a half cen-tury ago, radium, the substance that was used to make it glow brighter, was dumped throughout the city. This ma-terial is now sitting there. Radium has a half-life of 1,600 years—1,600 years. The process started in 1996, and it is about two-thirds finished. There is no company to go back to. 
The second story is Sherwin Williams 
in Gibbsboro, which was a gorgeous spot. But as we all know, years ago, that lead paint is now in the water sys-tem and impacting that area horribly. The site includes Kirkwood Lake. The soil under the lake is contaminated. They can’t use the lake. 
These are two very simple stories. I 
have 15 Superfund sites in my dis-trict—15. 
It is our responsibility to protect our 
citizens. There are no companies to go back to. That is why I offer this simple amendment. The damage is already done, and we must continue to protect our citizens by funding this amend-ment correctly. 
I want to thank the chairman, with 
the understanding that this amend-ment will be ruled out of order. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw my amendment with the hope that we continue to work on this important issue in a very bipar-tisan way to protect our citizens. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JOLLY  
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to research, inves-tigate, or study offshore drilling in the East-ern Gulf of Mexico Planning Area. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
As a nation, we continually strive to 
achieve both energy independence, as well as protect the environment, our critical habitats, and the quality of life 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.127 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4826 July 7, 2015 
in communities like Pinellas County, 
Florida, that I have the opportunity to represent. 
One way we strike that balance is 
represented in how we currently man-age the Gulf of Mexico when it comes to oil drilling. Under a 2006 act, we allow for drilling exploration in the central and western Gulf off the coast of Texas and Louisiana and other States, but we have a ban that protects the State of Florida. That ban cur-rently protects the State of Florida with a drilling ban of about 125 miles or, in some cases, 235 miles. 
This ban has been in place for 32 
years through the operations of the Ap-propriations Committee. And while the current statute allows for the ban through 2022, year after year, those on the other side of this debate, very re-spectfully, attempt to erode that ban. 
The truth is we don’t need any addi-
tional drilling in the eastern Gulf of Florida to achieve energy independ-ence. There are nearly 1,000 active leaseholds in the central and western Gulf. There are probably nearly 3,000 more available. And to change the ban is just something that we don’t need. 
This amendment is very simple. It 
says none of the funds may be used to study, prepare for, research, inves-tigate any increased offshore oil drill-ing in the eastern Gulf contemplating the expiration of a ban in 2022. 
I am pleased to be joined in offering 
this amendment by my colleague from Bonita Springs, Mr. C
LAWSON ; my col-
league from Tallahassee, Ms. G RAHAM ; 
and my colleague from Jupiter, Mr. M
URPHY . 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in reluctant opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, as in 
the case of a number of offshore-re-lated amendments that we will deal with today, the Interior Appropriations bill is not the appropriate venue, though I do understand it has been used in the past. 
I understand this amendment dove-
tails with the current congressional moratorium, and the Department of the Interior has no intention of acting in a manner that is contrary to con-gressional intent. The Department is focused on the next 5-year oil and gas leasing plan, which is limited to 2017– 2022, so many departmental activities in fiscal year 2016 are already limited in scope through 2022. If my colleagues wish to see the moratorium extended beyond 2022, then they should work with the appropriate authorizing com-mittees. 
With that, I would oppose the amend-
ment, and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate the chairman’s understanding of the interest of those in the State of Florida and the current debate cur-
rently from those on the other side that wish to actually lift the ban. It is important that, as a delegation, we have the opportunity to have this de-bate. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Florida (Mr. C
LAWSON ), my col-
league from Bonita Springs. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I start by thanking Representa-tive J
OLLY for his leadership and per-
sistence on this issue—it is so impor-tant to my district—and to the chair-man for allowing disagreement. Dis-agreement allows learning, and we ap-preciate your leadership in this regard. 
I speak in full support of Representa-
tive J
OLLY ’s amendment. I base my 
support on the enormous all-time high, proven reserves elsewhere in our coun-try and a conviction that we can focus in areas other than the Gulf. 
The private sector definitely needs 
cheap oil, and our businesses, our man-ufacturing companies, cannot be suc-cessful without low energy prices. I know it, because I lived it. 
But let’s drill where drilling makes 
sense. And to us, it doesn’t make sense to drill in the eastern Gulf of Mexico. The recent BP settlement, the highest such settlement ever, is evidence that the economic and environmental risk of drilling in the Gulf greatly offset any potential returns. 
For those of us who live, work, or 
have business in the Gulf, we were told that an oil disaster could never happen, and then it happened. Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. 
I say it is not worth the risk. I say 
let’s do everything we can to never have more drilling in the eastern Gulf. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
would just say that, again, I am in re-luctant opposition to this amendment. This should be dealt with in the au-thorizing committees. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I would 
close by offering my colleagues there is authorizing legislation that would ex-tend the ban past the year 2022. 
This language simply says a ban is a 
ban is a ban. And while there is a ban on activities on drilling and the like, this simply says that no planning may occur for post-2022 drilling. 
With that, I would urge a ‘‘yea’’ vote, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
None of the funds made available by this 
Act may be used in contravention of Execu-tive Order 13693. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
b2045 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
think I will start this discussion with the words of a rather influential indi-vidual: Pope Francis. In his recent en-cyclical, he wrote: ‘‘If present trends continue, this century may well wit-ness extraordinary climate change and an unprecedented destruction of eco-systems, with serious consequences for all of us.’’ That is Pope Francis. 
In this legislation, the appropriation 
bill, there are numerous efforts to deny the reality of climate change. And, spe-cifically, what I want to deal with on this amendment is Executive Order No. 13693: Planning for Federal Sustain-ability in the Next Decade. 
The intention of this amendment is 
to support the Federal Government’s efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emis-sions by 40 percent over the next dec-ade relative to 2008. 
This bill will save taxpayers money— 
about $18 billion—in avoided energy costs, and it will increase the share of electricity the Federal Government consumes from renewable resources by up to 30 percent. Twenty-six million metric tons of greenhouse gases would be eliminated. 
So why in the face of all of the sci-
entific evidence and why in the face of the reality that the climate is, indeed, changing, when we have throughout the State of California and around the Nation local governments planning for the eventually, not the reality, of high-er sea levels, would we put forth a bill that would prohibit the Federal Gov-ernment from planning for climate change? 
Let me just cite some of the ways in 
which the current legislation, this pro-posal, deals with it: 
It prohibits Federal funds for any 
rulemaking or guidance with regard to the social cost of climate change. 
It prohibits the EPA from limiting 
carbon pollution from new and ren-ovated power plants, and there has been much discussion about that on the floor today. 
It prohibits the funding to update 
and revise the EPA’s ozone standards. 
It prohibits the funding for any 
change to the status of HFCs. These are fluorocarbons. 
It also prohibits the reporting detail-
ing the Federal funding for domestic and international climate change pro-grams. This is denial, denial, denial about what is really happening. 
My amendment would simply say 
that there is no money to carry out these provisions in the current bill. It is really time for all of us here to rec-ognize that there is a serious chal-lenge, and it is one that Pope Francis points out so clearly. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.132 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4827 July 7, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, cli-
mate change is winning the amend-ment contest tonight. We have had a number of amendments on that sub-ject. 
Earlier we debated whether or not to 
continue a bipartisan reporting re-quirement in the bill on climate change expenditures. 
My colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle wanted to remove that re-quirement, which would have reduced transparency. Now my friend wants to ensure that funds are being expended on climate and efficiency executive or-ders issued by the President. 
So I am left to wonder whether my 
colleagues would prefer to know if the funds are spent on these programs or not. 
Regardless, this amendment is cer-
tainly unnecessary. The President did not consult Congress on these execu-tive orders. If anything, we should defund these programs until Congress can have an appropriate policy debate. I see no reason to include this lan-guage, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, the 
executive order by the President is very straightforward. It basically says that the Federal Government shall re-duce greenhouse gases, and he is using his appropriate authority as the ad-ministrative agent of our government to find ways to do that. 
Certain goals are set in the executive 
order, for example, reducing green-house gases by 40 percent over the next decade. What could be wrong with that when you save $18 billion in the process and create more opportunities for re-newable energy by up to 30 percent? 
Why would we pass a bill in this ap-
propriation bill that would go in ex-actly the opposite direction, one that would actually create greater green-house gases and lead more directly and more imminently to the climate crisis? 
I fail to understand why we would 
want to take up a piece of legislation that has so many provisions in it that deny the reality of climate change, that puts this government on the course to spend more money on pro-grams that actually create a crisis that will be extraordinarily expensive. 
I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this 
amendment, which would maintain the President’s executive order and keep America on a path that all the world should carry out. 
Pay attention to what Pope Francis 
said: ‘‘If present trends continue, this century may well witness extraor-dinary climate change and an unprece-dented destruction of ecosystems, with serious consequences for all of us.’’ 
This is not something we should 
deny. This is something we should, in fact, pay attention to, and we ought to be able to maintain the President’s ex-
ecutive order. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, the 
President did make his unilateral de-termination in an executive order. We have an opportunity to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to enforce the requirements of part 112 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to any farm (as that term is de-fined in section 112.2 of such title). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arkansas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Arkansas. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I 
offer this amendment in defense of ag-ricultural producers across our Nation who are facing the heavy hand of EPA regulations. 
The EPA’s Spill Prevention, Control, 
and Countermeasure rule for on-farm fuel storage requires farmers and ranchers to make costly infrastructure improvements to their oil storage fa-cilities to reduce the possibility of an oil spill. 
These regulations fail to take into 
account the relative risk of oil spills on farms, and they do not factor in the simple fact that family farmers are al-ready careful stewards of our land and water. No one has more at stake in the health of their land than those who work on the ground from which they derive their livelihoods. 
The USDA itself discovered little evi-
dence of oil spills on farms and deter-mined in a recent study that more than 99 percent of farmers have never expe-rienced a spill. 
To require that all of our producers 
make a significant investment to pre-vent such an unlikely event seems out of touch with reality and disregards the already overwhelming number of safeguards our farmers already employ. 
My amendment would restrict the 
EPA’s ability to enforce SPCC regula-tions on farms so that farmers and 
ranchers can go about their business of producing food and fiber without hav-ing to worry about unnecessary com-pliance costs and red tape. 
On three separate occasions, the 
House unanimously passed my bipar-tisan legislation, the FUELS Act, which rolled back these same SPCC regulations on farms. I urge my col-leagues to again support our farmers and ranchers by supporting this amendment. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
would urge the adoption of the gentle-man’s amendment. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would stop the EPA from requiring farms to submit a plan on how they will prevent oil from entering navigable waters. 
I come from Minnesota; so, this 
seems like a pretty commonsense re-quirement to me. If a facility has large amounts of oil, it should tell the agen-cy responsible for an inland oil spill cleanup how it will prevent an environ-mental disaster. 
Why shouldn’t the holder of gallons 
of oil have a plan even if it is an agri-culture business? It should have a plan. And there are criteria to make sure that a facility truly should be subject to the Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure rule. 
It has to meet three criteria. It must 
be nontransported. It must have an ag-gregate aboveground storage capacity greater than 1,320 gallons or a com-pletely buried storage capacity greater than 42,000 gallons. We are talking about a lot of oil. 
The third point is that there must be 
a reasonable expectation that, if some-thing were to go wrong and if there were a discharge, it would go into navi-gable waters of the United States or of adjoining shorelines. 
In other words, if there is an accident 
and if there is water nearby, you would need to have a plan in place so that not only would oil not seep in and ruin your land, but that it would not flow into waters past the boundaries of your water and just keep polluting. 
The preparation of the SPCC plan is 
the responsibility of a facility owner or operator or it can be prepared by an en-gineer or a consultant, but it must be certified by a registered professional engineer. 
Let’s just think about it. You have 
42,000 gallons of oil stored under-ground, and you have 1,320 gallons of oil above. All this does is say you need to have an emergency plan if, when that accident would occur—and it can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.135 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4828 July 7, 2015 
occur—there would be the possibility of 
having that oil go into navigable waters and spread onto other property owners’ land or State land or Federal land. 
I think these sound like reasonable 
requirements. It is a small step to help work with the farmer to prevent an en-vironmental disaster that would most likely end up being cleaned up with taxpayers’ funds. 
I always think you should hope for 
the best, but you always need to have a plan just in case something goes wrong. This rule requirement makes sure that these facilities that meet these criteria have a plan in place. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois). The question is on 
the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JEFFRIES  
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
to the National Park Service by this Act may be used for the purchase or display of a confederate flag with the exception of spe-cific circumstances where the flags provide historical context as described in the Na-tional Park Service memorandum entitled ‘‘Immediate Action Required, No Reply Needed: Confederate Flags’’ and dated June 24, 2015. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would prohibit the use of funds made available to the National Park Service by this Act for the pur-chase or display of a Confederate flag with the exception of specific cir-cumstances when such flags provide historical context as set forth by the National Park Service in their memo to all park superintendents, dated June 24, 2015. 
b2100 
The National Park Service has juris-
diction over operation of the National Park System, associated sites such as national heritage areas, and various State grant accounts. 
In light of recent events, the display 
of the Confederate flag has been at the forefront of discussion throughout our Nation. This amendment is consistent with a bipartisan effort across the country to promote harmony and not division in this great Nation. 
On June 17, we were all shocked by 
the heinous massacre that took the lives of nine God-fearing African Amer-ican churchgoers in Charleston, South Carolina. This act of domestic terror was carried out by an individual who 
idolized the Confederate flag and har-bored racist beliefs, calling for a return to the human subjugation of others on the basis of race. 
Unfortunately, that same Confed-
erate flag flew on the grounds of the State capitol amidst the funeral of a State senator and dedicated pastor who taught that we are all God’s children at the historic Emanuel AME Church. 
We have come a long way in America, 
but we still have a long way to go in our march toward a more perfect Union. The cancer of racial hatred con-tinues to adversely impact our society, and people of good will must unite to eradicate it. Limiting the use of Fed-eral funds connected to the purchase or display of the Confederate flag is an important step in that direction. 
Earlier today, lawmakers in South 
Carolina from both sides of the aisle came together to support removing the Confederate battle flag from their State capitol grounds. This evening, the United States House of Representa-tives has the opportunity to further limit the public display of this divisive symbol that is so closely associated with defense of the institution of slav-ery. 
I thank the chairman and the rank-
ing member for their consideration. For the aforementioned reasons, I urge my colleagues to support the amend-ment. 
I yield to the distinguished gentle-
woman from Minnesota. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I am 
very happy that this opportunity has been presented for us to have a discus-sion on the House floor and the Na-tional Park Service doing the right thing about the removal of this symbol of what has become racist hate speech. 
I thank the gentleman for bringing 
forward the amendment, and I rise in support of it. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distin-
guished gentlewoman for her support. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF TEXAS  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to propose, final-ize, implement, or revise any regulation in which the research data relied on to support such action is subject to OMB Circular A-110 and is withheld in contravention of the Free-dom of Information Act as prescribed under OMB Circular A-110 or if the Science Advi-sory Board of the Environmental Protection Agency fails to provide scientific advice as may be requested on such regulation to the Congress in contravention of section 4365 of title 42, United States Code. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this amendment reflects the core prin-ciples of two bills passed by the House earlier this year with bipartisan sup-port. They are H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act, and H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Re-form Act. 
I am pleased to be joined by the Com-
mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology’s former Subcommittee on En-vironment chairman, Representative D
AVID SCHWEIKERT , who sponsored the 
original version of the Secret Science bill in 2014. 
The amendment simply requires the 
Environmental Protection Agency to base its regulations on publicly avail-able data that can be verified. Why would the administration want to hide this information from the American people? We must make sure that Fed-eral regulations are based on science that is available for independent re-view. 
Many Americans are unaware that 
some of the EPA’s most expensive and burdensome regulations, such as its proposed climate and ozone rules, are based on underlying data that not even the EPA has seen. 
This amendment ensures that the de-
cisions that affect every American are based on independently verified, unbi-ased, scientific research instead of on secret data that is hidden from the American people. That is called the scientific method. 
This amendment also ensures that 
the EPA Science Advisory Board is able to provide meaningful, balanced, and independent assessments of the science behind the EPA regulations. The EPA frequently undermines the SAB’s independence and prevents it from being able to provide advice to Congress. As a result, the valuable ad-vice these experts can provide is often ignored or silenced. 
The public’s right to know must be 
protected in a democracy. This amend-ment ensures that happens. The EPA has a responsibility to be open and transparent with the people it serves and whose money it uses. 
Anyone who supports government 
transparency and accountability should be able to support this amend-ment. It helps EPA and the Obama ad-ministration keep their promise to be open and honest with the American people. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the Appro-
priations subcommittee chairman. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I thank 
the gentleman. I certainly rise in sup-port of this amendment. Having chaired that subcommittee for 6 years and knowing the good work of that subcommittee, I think the intent of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.137 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4829 July 7, 2015 
language aligns with the two author-
izing bills passed by the House Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology earlier this year. I certainly voted for them both times. 
I think it is a good amendment, so I 
urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman for his comments. I very much appreciate his support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentleman’s amendment seeks to stop the Environmental Protection Agency from issuing regulations through two different mechanisms. 
The first one would prevent the EPA 
from issuing regulations if supporting research data is withheld under the Freedom of Information Act. 
Second, it would withhold regula-
tions if the Agency’s Science Advisory Board does not provide the requested advice and information to Congress. 
I would just like to take a moment to 
address each one of these issues fully. Last year, for example, the EPA re-ceived 10,500 FOIA requests—Freedom of Information requests—or an average of 40 per workday. 
These requests required nearly $11 
million—$11 million—in personnel costs to process; yet the EPA receives less than $1 million to collect fees for these requests. They get $11 million in personnel costs to process; yet they get less than $1 million to collect the fees for these requests. You can simply do the math. 
There are only nine allowable exemp-
tions under the law that would prevent the EPA from complying with FOIA re-quests in the first place. These exemp-tions range from classified national de-fense, foreign relations information, to confidential business information and matters of personal privacy, things which we discuss in this room all the time. 
The amendment is simply another at-
tempt to stop the EPA from issuing regulations, many of which are re-quired by law and are designed to im-prove human health and the environ-ment. 
Now, that was in regards to the first 
point about EPA issuing regulations on the Freedom of Information Act, lack of funding available to do it, and then they are following the laws with the nine exemptions. 
Now, with regard to the Science Ad-
visory Board, let me remind my col-leagues that these boards are com-prised of nearly four dozen experts from academia. For example, there are academics from the University of Texas Health Science Center in Hous-ton, Texas; the Environmental Sys-tems and Research Institute in Red-lands, California; and from the Univer-sity of Minnesota, my home State. 
Now, in my opinion, it is very dis-
ingenuous to suggest that this Advi-sory Board’s subject matter of experts 
would withhold information to Con-gress. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, which simply puts two more roadblocks in the EPA regu-lations. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 15 seconds simply to point out that this amendment does not pre-vent the EPA from issuing any regula-tions. 
In fact, it doesn’t take a position on 
regulations. It simply says that the un-derlying data that the EPA is using to justify regulations needs to be made public. I don’t know who could oppose transparency and honesty by this ad-ministration. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ), who as I mentioned a 
while ago is a former chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy of the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology and is now a member of the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chairman, 
may I inquire into the remaining time on our side? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas has 45 seconds remaining. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Chair, in this 
45 seconds, I want to walk through a couple mechanical things really quick-ly. First off, this amendment is based on the OMB’s circular that actually said this data is supposed to be public. 
Number two, the release of data, if 
you are making rules, does not pre-as-sume that the reg is too tough, too lit-tle, too soft. What it means is, if you are going to be doing public policy— public policy—doesn’t the public de-serve access to public data because there is lots of smart people out there on the left and the right or just aca-demia that should have this informa-tion, this raw data, to decide are we doing it the most rational, the most powerful way? 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to once again reiterate there are only nine allowable exemp-tions under this law that would prevent the EPA from complying with FOIA re-quests. 
These exemptions range from classi-
fied national defense, foreign relations information, confidential business in-formation, and matters of personal pri-vacy. 
Once again, Mr. Chair, I urge my col-
leagues to oppose this amendment, which simply works to put roadblocks in front of the EPA ever being able to issue a regulation. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . SPEIER  
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the final rule following the Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement for the Dog Management Plan (Plan/SEIS), Golden Gate National Recre-ation Area (GGNRA), California (78 Fed. Reg. 55094; September 9, 2013). 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order on the gentle-woman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 333, 
the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
b2115 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Chairman, ‘‘Ruff.’’ 
That is what my dog Buddy says when he wants to go out for a walk, and that is what dogs throughout the bay area have been accustomed to doing in the Golden Gate National Recreation Area for decades. 
I, like them, believe that the GGNRA 
should be able to afford the oppor-tunity for people to recreate, whether one wants to watch a bird, ride a horse, walk a path, or climb a hill. Some of these uses are incompatible, but that doesn’t mean we should ban them. That means that we should create op-portunity for all. 
In San Mateo County, in my district, 
the GGNRA is proposing zero off-leash dog areas, closing down one site that has been in operation for over many decades. 
For 40 years, people and their dogs 
have been welcome at the beaches and trails of the GGNRA, which com-promises 80,000 acres across San Fran-cisco, Marin, and San Mateo Counties. This public land provides much-needed recreational space in the densely popu-lated bay area. 
Today, that access is at risk. The Na-
tional Park Service is trying to dra-matically change how it manages rec-reational areas in the bay area by turn-ing the majority of open space in the GGNRA into what are called controlled zones, where visitor access and activi-ties could be highly restricted. Public use could be denied for longstanding activities in the GGNRA, like hiking, surfing, bike riding, horseback riding, and dog walking. 
The bay area is densely populated, 
and open space is precious. For many, the GGNRA is the only option for time outdoors. 
My amendment would slow the Na-
tional Park Service’s regulatory over-reach and ensure that people in the bay 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.142 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4830 July 7, 2015 
area continue to have recreational ac-
cess to these urban parks. 
People and nature aren’t incompat-
ible. We can be good stewards and also allow those in the GGNRA to have ac-cess to this very beautiful area. 
I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote, Mr. Chair-
man, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I in-
sist on my point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will state his point of order. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
make a point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appro-
priations bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
The amendment requires a new deter-
mination. 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair will rule. 
The Chair finds that this amendment 
includes language requiring a new de-termination as to whether a rule ‘‘fol-lows’’ a specified Environmental Im-pact Statement. 
The amendment, therefore, con-
stitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The point of order is sustained, and 
the amendment is not in order. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . RICE OF SOUTH  
CAROLINA  
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR OFFSHORE  
OIL AND GAS LEASING  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to issue any oil and gas lease under the 2017–2022 Outer Conti-nental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program unless the Secretary of the Interior has en-tered into revenue sharing agreement with each affected State. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 333, 
the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from South Carolina. 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. 
Chairman, my amendment withholds funding for permitting of offshore oil exploration until the Secretary of the Interior reaches revenue-sharing agree-ments with coastal States. 
The Bureau of Ocean Energy Manage-
ment’s 2017–2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program 
opens the mid- and south Atlantic re-gions to oil and gas development after several decades of being off-limits. 
While advanced drilling techniques 
and spill response have made environ-mentally safe access to oil and gas re-serves in the Atlantic possible, coastal States should consider and prepare for impacts that offshore energy develop-ment present. 
Sharing of revenues with coastal 
States will help address the risk and responsibilities that States and coastal counties assume with offshore energy development. These revenues would help State governments expand coastal management and conservation, build necessary infrastructure, fund emer-gency preparation and response, and expand public service to support the in-flux of new industry and workforce. 
Involving the coastal infrastructure 
and management will add to the over-all economic well-being of the coastal communities. Before our coastal States agree to share in the burden of offshore drilling, we ought to ensure that our coastal States are able to share in the economic blessings of such drilling. 
My amendment would prohibit fund-
ing for implementation of BOEM’s plan until the Secretary of the Interior en-ters into a revenue sharing agreement with the States affected. 
While it may not be possible this 
evening to adopt my amendment for coastal States, as we move forward with energy exploration off our coast-lines, please be mindful of revenue sharing. 
Because I understand my amendment 
is subject to a point of order, I plan to withdraw this amendment. But before I withdraw my amendment, I ask for the chairman’s consideration to assist in development of revenue sharing agree-ments to compensate the coastal States and help them to mitigate risk. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. I yield 
to the gentleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. I would be happy to 
work with the gentleman in the future to see if there is a methodology where we can move your idea forward and see if we can’t get the Federal Government and States to cooperate to their mu-tual, I think, benefit on this issue. 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Re-
claiming my time, I appreciate the chairman’s consideration. 
I ask unanimous consent to withdraw 
my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following new section: PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF FIRE  
PREPAREDNESS FUNDS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to transfer funds made available by this Act for fire prepared-ness activities to the Wildland Fire Manage-ment appropriation for fire suppression ac-tivities. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, I 
am trying to figure out where to start with this, because we are making progress. I guess the purpose of this amendment is to give this whole proc-ess a swift kick so we can actually do something that is absolutely nec-essary. 
The chairman of the Appropriations 
Subcommittee really has it correct. And I want to read the language of the appropriations bill, which I happen to agree with this evening, but not the re-sult. 
In 7 of the last 10 years, the Forest Service 
and the Department of the Interior have ex-ceeded their wildland fire suppression budg-ets despite being fully funded at the 10-year suppression average for such costs. 
Fire seasons have grown longer and more 
destructive, putting people, communities, and ecosystems at greater risk. Fire bor-rowing has now become routine rather than extraordinary. Borrowing from nonfire ac-counts to pay suppression costs results in the Forest Service and Department of the In-terior having fewer resources for forest man-agement activities, including hazardous fuels management and other proven efforts, to improve overall forest health and reduce the risk of catastrophic wildland fires. 
Mr. Chairman of the subcommittee, 
you have it right. You and your com-mittee staff have done the right anal-ysis but haven’t completed the follow- through to achieve that goal. 
I see our good friend from Idaho 
standing nearby, and he has a very, very fine bill to deal with this. It would basically create two separate accounts. Now, understanding the necessity of proper order and being out of order, which sometimes I am, I am not pro-posing that we adopt the good gen-tleman from Idaho’s bill in this bill, but I have got a different idea. I am going to take this idea from my Repub-lican colleagues who have created so many fiscal crises, otherwise known as cliffs, to create one. 
Basically, what I am doing here with 
this amendment is saying you can’t borrow from other accounts, and when you run out of money, my goodness, we have a crisis. We will have to then adopt my good friend from Idaho’s leg-islation and solve the problem once and for all. 
So that is what this amendment 
does. It says you can’t borrow from other accounts to fight wildfires, which means that we are going to have to come to grips with the reality of our funding crisis—where we cannot get ahead of the wildland fires, where there is a necessity for us to spend money on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:22 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.145 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4831 July 7, 2015 
protecting the forests and forest 
health, thinning and other kinds of things, firebreaks and the like, so we don’t just burn down all the forests to get around with the proper manage-ment. This is what you call kicking the issue into gear. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I understand what the 
gentleman is trying to do, and we are on the same page, actually, in ulti-mately what we want to accomplish with this. 
The fact is that we appropriate 
money—the Interior Subcommittee has done it for several years now, and Chairman C
ALVERT has done it in this 
bill—where, under the FLAME Act, we fund the 10-year average of what it costs to fight wildfires. Unfortunately, I think it is in 8 of the last 10 years we have exceeded that 10-year average. Consequently, when money runs out for fighting wildfires, what the Forest Service does is borrow that money from other accounts. 
We sometimes complain that the 
Forest Service doesn’t go out and do the thinning that is necessary or do the restoration that is necessary or do the trail maintenance that is nec-essary. The reason they can’t do it is because we have borrowed all the money to fight wildfires, and we are trying to prevent that wildfire bor-rowing. 
It is one thing to try to prevent it in 
a manner that will address the problem and another to just say you just can’t borrow, because I would hate to be in the situation where we run up against a fire year where we are going to ex-ceed the 10-year average, we run out of firefighting money, and there is no way to get the resources in order to fund the fires that are occurring in the lat-ter part of the year. This would put pressure on for Congress to probably do something. 
As you know, there is a challenge 
with the Budget Committee that we have been working with in trying to address this issue. 
There is some language, as I under-
stand it, in the Senate Interior bill dealing with the wildfire-fighting costs and how we handle that. There is some language in a bill that will be before us I think this week, the Healthy Forest bill out of the Resources Committee. 
I think more and more people are 
starting to realize that we have got to address this problem. There is abso-lutely no reason that wildfires should not be treated as other natural disas-ters are—hurricanes, tornadoes, earth-quakes, and other things. But for some reason, we treat wildfires differently, and that doesn’t make a lot of sense to me. 
So we have had various proposals. I 
have talked with the administration, with the Department of the Interior, with the Forest Service, and with many other people, trying to come to a 
resolution on this, and there are many people on both the Republican and the Democratic side of the aisle that are trying to address this. 
I am hopeful that we are inching ever 
closer, because you know things don’t move as quickly as we like oftentimes in Congress. We are moving, inching closer, I would hope, to finding the so-lution to this. There are different ideas out there about how to go about doing exactly what the gentleman from Cali-fornia, myself, and the chairman all 
want to do, and that is quit the fire borrowing so that the Forest Service can do the job that we appropriate the money for them to do. 
Given that this could create some 
real problems, I appreciate what the gentleman is trying to do, but I would have to oppose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair would 
remind Members not to traffic the well. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. My good friend 
from Idaho has it right. His bill ought to become law. And you did find a way to fund it: the same way we fund hurri-canes, tornadoes, earthquakes, and the like—out of FEMA. 
b2130 
Good bill—by the way, I am a co-
author of it. Thank you very much. Only you can prevent forest fires. How many times have we seen Smokey the Bear? Congress can help. 
I want to congratulate and I really 
want to thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle because you are in a position to lead on this. This amendment is in a position to cause ac-tion. That is all it is. 
Would we have a disaster? We are 
going to have a fire disaster; there is no doubt about it. 
Would we have a financing disaster? 
Probably, but we can solve it—we can solve it both with legislation, and then we can solve it with a piece of legisla-tion moving through this House that would reach back to the FEMA money, where we always stack a huge stash of money for the eventuality of a dis-aster. We would reach back and say: Okay. That is how we are going to do it going forward. 
I think it is about time for me to 
yield. I probably don’t have much more time, but I am kind of stirring the pot here. I am trying to kick this into gear, and I am delighted to work with the good language that the chairman of the committee has put into the bill. 
Had I the time, I would read, once 
again, your analysis of the problem and also your analysis of the solution. That is found in, this year, H.R. 167, a fine piece of legislation by an outstanding gentleman from Idaho. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gen-
tleman for his comments and his help on trying to get us to a resolution on this. I am sure, working together, we can solve this problem eventually. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO TREAT GRAY  
WOLVES IN WASHINGTON , OREGON , AND UTAH  
AS ENDANGERED SPECIES OR THREATENED  
SPECIES  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Interior or the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to treat any gray wolf ( Canis 
lupus ) in Washington, Oregon, or Utah as an 
endangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Washington and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Washington. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise today to offer an amendment that would prohibit the Department of the Interior and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from using funds to continue listing the gray wolf under the Endan-gered Species Act in the States of Washington, Oregon, and Utah. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a very serious 
issue of extreme importance to my home State of Washington, where the gray wolf is listed in the western two- thirds of the State, but is delisted in the eastern third. This fragmented list-ing means that there are no geographic barriers to prevent the wolves from traveling between listed and delisted areas, posing a risk to people living, farming, and ranching in the region. 
Unfortunately, this issue should al-
ready have been settled. In June of 2013, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service published a proposed rule to remove the gray wolf from the list of endan-gered and threatened wildlife under the Endangered Species Act. 
The Fish and Wildlife Service made 
this determination after evaluating this ‘‘classification status of gray wolves currently listed in the contig-uous United States’’ and found the ‘‘best available science and commercial information indicates that the cur-rently listed entity is not a valid spe-cies under the Act.’’ 
On June 30 of this year, the Service 
released its response to a petition seek-ing to reclassify all gray wolves in the U.S. as a threatened species under ESA. In its response, the Fish and Wildlife Service states that it deter-mined there was not substantial infor-mation to indicate that such a reclassi-fication was warranted, and as a result, the Fish and Wildlife Service will take no further action on the petition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.149 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4832 July 7, 2015 
Furthermore, the statutory purpose 
of ESA is to recover a species to the point where it is no longer considered endangered or threatened. The gray wolf is currently found in nearly 50 countries around the world, and the wolf specialist group of the Inter-national Union for Conservation of Na-ture has placed the species in the cat-egory of ‘‘least concern globally’’ for risk of extinction. 
Mr. Chairman, the proposed rule and 
other examples I have cited clearly show that a full delisting of the gray wolf is long overdue. Since wolves were first placed under ESA, uncontrolled and unmanaged growth of gray wolf populations has resulted in devastating impacts on hunting and ranching, as well as tragic losses to historically strong and healthy livestock and wild-life populations. 
Mr. Chairman, the gray wolf popu-
lation has grown substantially across its range and is now considered to be recovered; therefore, it does not merit protection under the Endangered Spe-cies Act. 
The Pacific Northwest States are 
fully qualified to responsibly manage their gray wolf populations and are better suited than the Federal Govern-ment to meet the needs of local com-munities, ranchers, livestock, and wild-life populations. 
My amendment today is simple. It 
would take steps that the Fish and Wildlife Service has already said are necessary and are supported by the best available scientific evidence and data. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment, and I urge its adoption. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
my colleague from eastern Washington, Congresswoman C
ATHY MCMORRIS ROD-
GERS . 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. 
Chairman, I thank my colleague, Rep-resentative N
EWHOUSE , for yielding and 
for his leadership on this important issue. 
Four years ago, when the Federal 
Government delisted wolves in a por-tion of the Western United States, what was left behind was a growing wolf population and a confusing check-erboard of regulations. 
Wolves do not know regulatory 
boundaries. When a single forest is di-vided between two different manage-ment plans, local leaders’, farmers’, and other stakeholders’ hands are tied when protecting themselves from a wolf threat and often face unnecessary repercussions. 
Washington State proposed a wolf 
conservation and management plan, but is unable to fully implement it with Federal protections lingering in the western two-thirds of the State. 
Our local leaders can manage the re-
sources and wildlife in our State more effectively and efficiently than the Federal Government; but if we want to empower them to protect herds of live-stock, people, and lands from other possible threats of wolves, we need a consistent framework for the entire 
State, not just sections. 
For this reason, I strongly support 
this amendment and urge my col-leagues to do the same. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. This amendment is 
yet another attack on a vulnerable icon American species, the gray wolf. The gray wolf is a keystone species that plays a vital role in keeping our ecosystems healthy. 
It is also an animal that many Na-
tive American cultures feel a kinship bond with. I heard from many tribal leaders that the protections afforded under the Endangered Species Act for gray wolves are the only way that they have been able to keep wolf hunts out of their tribal reservation boundaries. 
Now, I understand many of my col-
leagues have very strong views about listings and delistings affecting their States, but the Endangered Species Act exists to offer necessary protections and ensure a species’ survival, which the majority of our constituents strongly support. This is the same law that successfully restored another iconic American species, the bald eagle. 
This amendment restricts the De-
partment of the Interior’s ability to implement the Endangered Species Act. However, it does not alter the pro-tections for the endangered wolves in these States. 
Regardless of one’s position on spe-
cies protection, the amendment is very problematic. The restrictions will ulti-mately hurt farmers, ranchers, land-owners and businessowners. 
Here is why: under this amendment, 
the Fish and Wildlife Service would not be able to offer exemptions or permits for incidental killings of wolves to landowners, ranchers, and other parties who might be in need of them; how-ever, the prohibition against acci-dental kills or takes would still remain and would still be legally enforceable. 
Thus, this constitutes that States 
would either have to stop any activ-ity—any activity—that led to the tak-ing of a wolf, or they would be vulner-able to a lawsuit or heavy penalties. Simply put, this amendment is bad for wolves; it is bad for our ecosystem; it is bad for business, and it is bad for our constituents. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Will the gentlewoman 
yield? 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Idaho. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I just wanted to ex-
plain the situation that we find our-selves in. 
I am sympathetic with what the gen-
tleman is doing, and when we actually passed language 4 years ago on the wolves in Idaho and Montana, we thought about what happened to the 
wolves that go into Washington and Oregon and Nevada and Utah and so forth; and we thought about including those in the general delisting. Well, we didn’t delist them; the Fish and Wild-life Service did. 
We found it created several problems. 
One, those States didn’t have State management plans, which is the case today with most of them because we discussed this, or I discussed this issue earlier with the Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice. 
What their plan is and what they 
would like to do is, currently, they support the language that is in the bill that reinstates their delisting in Wyo-ming and the Great Lakes. Those States have State management plans that have been approved by Fish and Wildlife Service. 
If you include the other States that 
are included in this that don’t have the State management plans, then Fish and Wildlife has to oppose what we are doing. 
I believe that what their goal is, is to 
get this language passed dealing with Wyoming, the Great Lakes, and then do a wider, rangewide delisting once those States have State management plans that have been adopted by the Fish and Wildlife Service, and this amendment may undermine that. 
This is something that we need to 
discuss, I think. I am not opposing the gentleman’s amendment, but it is something that I think we need to dis-cuss between now and conference so that we get a plan and to make sure that we are not undermining what I think we all want, and that is the ulti-mate delisting of the gray wolves that have met the standard. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Reclaiming my 
time, Mr. Chairman, as I said earlier, I understand that my colleagues have strong views about this, pro and con, about the listing and delisting; but this amendment is very, very problematic. For that reason, I can’t support it. 
The gentleman from Idaho is correct. 
This has so many unintended con-sequences that I feel very strongly— very strongly—about not supporting this amendment for that reason. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, with 
the few seconds I have left, I would cer-tainly thank the gentleman from Idaho, as well as the lady from Min-nesota, for sharing their concerns. 
I certainly look forward to working 
with my colleagues. I would urge sup-port and look forward to a continuing effort to move this to a conclusion that we can all accept. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.152 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4833 July 7, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington will be postponed. 
b2145 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  
None of the funds made available by this 
Act for California drought response or relief may be used by the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency or the Sec-retary of the Interior in contravention of im-plementation of Division 26.7 of the Cali-fornia Water Code (the Water Quality, Sup-ply, and Infrastructure Improvement Act of 2014), as approved by the voters of California in California Proposition 1 (2014). 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A point of order 
is reserved. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 333, 
the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, de-
spite the potential for a point of order and the amendment being out of order, it really, really is a good policy. While it may not come to a vote on this House floor, it certainly ought to come to the attention of the appropriators and the administration that we have got a pretty serious drought in the West. It does affect California, Arizona, Oregon, probably parts of Idaho, and on into New Mexico. 
California voters last November 
passed a $7 billion water bond that deals with the long-term issues of the water supply in California and some of the immediate challenges that the California drought has brought to the 30-plus million citizens of the State. 
This amendment would direct the De-
partment of the interior, the EPA, the Department of Agriculture, and the De-partment of Defense to focus the money that it would be spending in California under any circumstance, to focus that money on assisting, aug-menting, advancing, and supplementing those programs that the State of California is undertaking to address the drought using the bond act money. 
That is a great idea, that instead of 
spending the money on things that are not immediately relevant, that are not immediately necessary and do not im-mediately help those citizens of Cali-fornia, those communities, those agen-cies in the State that are suffering from the drought, rather to spend the money on those programs. That is it. It doesn’t call for any additional 
money. It doesn’t really cause long- term problems to our appropriation 
processes, but, rather, it says, hey, we have got a problem. Let’s focus on the problem, and let’s coordinate with the State of California in solving the prob-lem. That is it, pretty simple stuff. 
Unfortunately, I guess we may have a 
point of order, and this rather impor-tant concept won’t be in the legisla-tion. 
However, I do think that the admin-
istration is aware, and they are begin-ning to focus appropriately on the drought in California. And I would hope in other States, just as we are suggesting they do here, that they, the administration and the Federal Gov-ernment, focus the money that it would otherwise be spending in the State of California and in these other States on projects that the local gov-ernments, the State governments in those States are undertaking to ad-dress the drought—pretty basic. 
So that I might challenge the point 
of order, I will reserve the balance of my time. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I insist 
on my point of order and make a point of order against the amendment be-cause it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, vio-lates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appro-
priations bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
The amendment requires a new deter-
mination, and I ask for a ruling from the Chair. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, my 
good friend from Idaho was so right and is now so wrong. But that is the way it is. When you have got the votes, you have got the votes. 
Nevertheless, this is really a very, 
very good program. I would encourage all of us—and particularly the adminis-tration—to follow along the policies here; and I would point out that they are. 
So I challenge the point of order and 
would ask for a ruling of the Chair. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will 
rule. 
The Chair finds that this amendment 
includes language requiring a new de-termination of whether certain actions will contravene a specified State law. 
The amendment, therefore, con-
stitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The point of order is sustained, and 
the amendment is not in order. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to issue any regulation under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) that applies to an animal feeding oper-ation, including a concentrated animal feed-ing operation and a large concentrated ani-mal feeding operation, as such terms are de-fined in section 122.23 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Washington and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Washington. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, I rise 
today to offer an amendment on an issue that is critical to livestock pro-ducers not just in my State and in my district, but across the whole country. 
Last year, a group of folks in my 
area, environmental activists, sued several dairies in the Yakima Valley in Washington State, claiming that the dairies were responsible for ‘‘open dumping’’ under the Resources Con-servation and Recovery Act of 1976—or, as it is most commonly referred to, RCRA—because of manure storage and management issues on their farms. 
The big issue is what law the activ-
ists were suing the dairies under. There are many laws and regulations, both at the State and Federal level, which are appropriate mechanisms for protecting and ensuring our Nation’s waters are kept clean, but the problem I see is that RCRA is not one of them. 
RCRA was a law designed to govern 
solid wastes and prevent open dumping. The major application of this law is regulating landfills. It was never in-tended to regulate animal waste. In fact, the EPA, in its initial 1979 regula-tions for RCRA, expressed that the law ‘‘does not apply to agricultural waste, including manure and crop residue, re-turned to the soil as fertilizers or soil conditioners.’’ 
I don’t know how much clearer we 
can get that manure storage and han-dling were not intended to be governed under this law. Unfortunately, though, a Federal judge in Spokane, Wash-ington, agreed with the group and stretched the definition of ‘‘solid waste’’ to apply to manure nitrates, contrary to the law and Federal regu-latory code, and held the dairies re-sponsible for open dumping because of how they stored and handled animal waste. 
Mr. Chair, my amendment does noth-
ing to prevent EPA from enforcing the current regulations under RCRA. It does nothing to change the Clean Water Act rulemakings, nor does it prevent EPA from issuing or enforcing Clean Water Act regulations. All my amendment does is prevent EPA from issuing and expanding new regulations under RCRA that would reflect the in-terpretation of this current law. 
Mr. Chair, no one is saying that live-
stock producers—like every Amer-ican—don’t share in the responsibility of good stewardship of our environment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.154 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4834 July 7, 2015 
and our resources. They certainly do. 
But there are appropriate laws and reg-ulations intended to govern this, and there are ones that are not appropriate for this purpose. 
Simply piling additional layers of 
regulation on producers and giving ac-tivists new litigation tools to target our Nation’s farmers and ranchers is not what Congress had in mind when passing the Resources Conservation and Recovery Act. We, as Congress, have a responsibility to make that clarification, and that is what I am seeking to do with this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
would be better able to comment on this amendment if the gentleman had shared a copy. In this day and age, I am glad we are allowed to bring an iPad on the floor. 
Mr. Chairman, I would ask the gen-
tleman from Washington when he de-cided upon this amendment. Has it been in the last 20 minutes, or was it 2 hours ago? 
I yield to the gentleman from Wash-
ington. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. It was, let’s see, 
more like 6 hours ago that it was in the hopper. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Reclaiming my 
time, Mr. Chairman, I thank the gen-tleman. 
The headlines are, groundbreaking 
rule in Washington State on this dairy case. And it is, ‘‘Dairy Pollution Threatens Washington Valley’s Water.’’ This was a big enough story, in fact, that it was even reprinted by the Minneapolis Star Tribune. It was the first time that the Federal Resources Conservation Recovery Act was used to consider ways in which land and water had to be protected. 
So, Mr. Chairman, just because I 
didn’t have an opportunity to really delve into this and find out more about it—and what the amendment does is it just totally stops funds to be issued under this regulation to animal feeding operations—I am going to oppose it be-cause it also includes large con-centrated animal feeding operations. And I do come from a farming State, so I do know the difference between a small farm, a small hog farmer, and a lagoon, and large dairy farms and small dairy farms. So with that, I op-pose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I am 
not questioning the good lady’s creden-tials from the farming State of Min-nesota. But certainly given time, as this process moves forward, she will be-come intimately familiar with this law as it is being interpreted. It is already happening in other parts of the coun-try, and I would offer this amendment to help preclude the wrongful use of the law and ask my colleagues for strong consideration. I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
will just read into the R ECORD from 
January 15, 2015, Spokane, Washington: 
A Federal judge has ruled that a large in-
dustrial dairy in eastern Washington has pol-luted drinking water through its application, storage, and management of manure in a case that could set precedents across the Na-tion. 
U.S. District Judge Thomas O. Rice of Spo-
kane ruled Wednesday that the pollution posed an ‘‘imminent and substantial endangerment’’ to the environment and to people who drink the water. 
Rice wrote that he ‘‘could come to no 
other conclusion than that the dairy’s oper-ations are contributing to the high levels of nitrate that are currently contaminating— and will continue to contaminate . . . the underlying groundwater.’’ 
‘‘Any attempt to diminish the dairy’s con-
tribution to the nitrate contamination is disingenuous, at best,’’ Rice wrote in the 111- page opinion, in which he granted partial summary judgment in favor of environ-mental groups that sued the dairy. 
These environmental groups are peo-
ple who are looking out for their drink-ing water. So, Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
b2200 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill before the short title, 
insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to eliminate the Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnership. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me thank the committee, both the staff and the gentlewoman from Min-nesota, the gentleman from California, and the gentleman from Idaho who are now managing this appropriations bill. 
I call this the good health appropria-
tions for the quality of life of many Americans, both urban and rural. I ask my colleagues to consider my amend-ment, which deals with the urban re-forestation program. I live close and personal to both urban areas and rural areas in my congressional district. 
Given close to 80 percent of the popu-
lation of the conterminous United States lives in an urban area, the bene-fits provided by urban forests touch most U.S. citizens. My amendment spe-cifically reinforces the importance of urban reforestation, as well as pre-serves our ability to return urban areas to healthy and safe living environ-ments for our children. I offered these amendments in years 
past. I know it from a real-time experi-ence. Over the last couple of years, when the drought hit Houston and many other areas in Texas, millions of trees were lost. Millions of trees were lost. 
Today, now, we face the large and 
very challenging effort of trying to re-forest parks like Memorial Park, MacGregor Park, and many parks in the northeast part of my district. In the past 30 years alone, we have lost 30 percent of all of our urban trees, a loss of over 600 million trees. 
I have certainly seen neighborhoods 
in Houston benefit from urban reforest-ation. In fact, many Members will re-member that throughout our careers, we have been involved in planting of trees. There are major efforts through-out our community. 
I want to cite, for example, those 
who have worked in Houston, Texas, doing the reforestation work: Houston Wilderness, Student Conservation As-sociation, the Buffalo Bayou Partner-ship, the Greater East End Manage-ment District, Houston Parks and Recreation Department, and Texas Parks & Wildlife Department, along with many civic clubs of which I have had the privilege of working with. 
Several years ago, American Forests, 
a leading conservation group, esti-mated that the tree-covered loss in the greater Washington metropolitan area from 1973 to 1997 resulted in an addi-tional 540 million cubic feet of storm water runoff annually, which would have taken more than 1 billion in storm water control facilities to man-age. 
We know that the green effect in the 
middle of the city can have a beneficial effect on a community’s health, both physically and psychologically. A healthy 32-foot-tall ash tree can produce about 260 pounds of oxygen an-nually. 
Trees help reduce pollution. Trees 
help combat the effects of greenhouse gases. Trees help cool down the overall city environment by shading asphalt, concrete, and metal surfaces. Buildings and paving in city centers create a heat island effect. A mature tree can-opy reduces air temperatures by about 5 to 10 degrees. 
Let me give a personal story on the 
importance of reforestation. A few years ago, I helped create a memorial plaza for a Martin Luther King monu-ment in MacGregor Park. There was a tree of life that was presented to that park by Martin Luther King’s father. 
In the course of urban development, 
that tree had to be moved. It caused an emotional uprising in our community. Ovide Duncantell tied himself to the tree. 
Ultimately, we resolved that the tree 
had to be moved, and that tree was po-tentially a tree that would die. With the right kind of nurturing and refor-estation and treatment by the foresters who came, that tree is now a shining example of a unified community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.158 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4835 July 7, 2015 
I ask my colleagues to support the 
Jackson Lee amendment to ensure that 
our programs dealing with urban refor-estation continue. 
Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to 
speak in support of my amendment to H.R. 2822, the Interior and Environment Appropria-tions Act of 2016 and to commend Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for 
their leadership in shepherding this bill through the legislative process. 
Among other agencies, this legislation funds 
the U.S. Forest Service, the National Park System, and the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums including the National Zoo. 
Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple but it 
sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. 
The Jackson Lee amendment emphasizes 
the importance of urban forests, and pre-serves our ability to return urban areas to healthy and safe living environments for our children. 
Identical amendments were offered and ac-
cepted in the Interior and Environment Appro-priations Acts for Fiscal Year 2008 (H.R. 2643) and Fiscal Year 2007 (H.R. 5386), and were adopted by voice vote. 
Mr. Chair, surveys indicate that some urban 
forests are in serious danger. 
In the past 30 years alone, we have lost 
30% of all our urban trees—a loss of over 600 million trees. 
Eighty percent (80%) of the American popu-
lation lives in the dense quarters of a city. 
Reforestation programs return a tool of na-
ture to a concrete area that can help to re-move air pollution, filter out chemicals and ag-ricultural waste in water, and save commu-nities millions of dollars in storm water man-agement costs. 
I have certainly seen neighborhoods in 
Houston benefit from urban reforestation. 
In addition, havens of green in the middle of 
a city can have beneficial effects on a commu-nity’s health, both physical and psychological, as well as increase property value of sur-rounding real estate. 
Reforestation of cities is an innovative way 
of combating urban sprawl and/or deteriora-tion. 
Mr. Chair, a real commitment to enhancing 
our environment involves both the protection of existing natural resources and active sup-port for restoration and improvement projects. 
Several years ago, American Forests, a 
leading conservation group, estimated that the tree cover lost in the greater Washington met-ropolitan area from 1973 to 1997 resulted in an additional 540 million cubic feet of storm water runoff annually, which would have taken more than $1 billion in storm water control fa-cilities to manage. 
Trees breathe in carbon dioxide, and 
produce oxygen. 
People breathe in oxygen and exhale car-
bon dioxide. 
A typical person consumes about 38 lb of 
oxygen per year. 
A healthy tree, say a 32 ft tall ash tree, can 
produce about 260 lb of oxygen annually—two trees supply the oxygen needs of a person for a year. 
Trees help reduce pollution by capturing 
particulates like dust and pollen with their leaves. 
A mature tree absorbs from 120 to 240 lbs 
of the small particles and gases of air pollu-tion. Trees help combat the effects of ‘‘green-
house’’ gases, the increased carbon dioxide produced from burning fossil fuels that is causing our atmosphere to ‘‘heat up.’’ 
Trees help cool down the overall city envi-
ronment by shading asphalt, concrete and metal surfaces. 
Buildings and paving in city centers create a 
heat-island effect. 
A mature tree canopy reduces air tempera-
tures by about 5–10 degrees Fahrenheit. 
A 25 foot tree reduces annual heating and 
cooling costs of a typical residence by 8 to 12 percent, producing an average annual savings of $120 per American household. 
Proper tree plantings around buildings can 
slow winter winds, and reduce annual energy use for home heating by 4–22%. 
Mr. Chair, trees play a vital role in making 
our cities more sustainable and more livable. 
The Jackson Lee amendment simply pro-
vides for continued support to programs that reforest our urban areas. 
For all these reasons, Mr. Chair, I urge 
adoption of the Jackson Lee amendment and thank Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking Mem-
ber M CCOLLUM for their courtesies, consider-
ation, and very fine work in putting together this legislation. 
Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentle-
woman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOL-
LUM), the ranking member of the Ap-
propriations Subcommittee on the In-terior, Environment, and Related Agencies. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in support of the Jackson Lee amendment. 
It was very interesting to learn more 
about what your goals and objectives are, and I think it is very worthy of our consideration. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me conclude by simply saying what a great difference life will be in many urban areas with our commitment to reforestation of urban areas and cre-ating more opportunities for trees to grow in those areas. 
I ask for support of the Jackson Lee 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . YODER  
Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO IMPLEMENT OR  
ENFORCE THREATENED SPECIES LISTING OF  
THE LESSER PRAIRIE CHICKEN  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used to implement or en-force the threatened species listing of the lesser prairie chicken under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Kansas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kansas. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment today would prohibit fur-ther waste of Federal funds from being used to enforce the unnecessary listing of the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened species under the Endan-gered Species Act. 
Now, this listing has Americans cry-
ing foul in Kansas and all across the country over the burden it places on farmers, ranchers, and agriculture pro-ducers. This misguided listing comes at a time when the lesser prairie chicken is actually becoming the greater prai-rie chicken, in some respects, gaining in population significantly each of the last several years. 
Less than 1 week ago, a new popu-
lation count for the lesser prairie chicken was released, and it shows a 25 percent increase in the species popu-lation over the last year. That follows a 20 percent increase from the year be-fore. 
What is to account for all this? Is it 
the listing on the endangered species list? No—these population increases, according to experts, are attributed to improved habitat conditions, as a re-sult of increased rainfall to an area that had previously been experiencing one of the worst droughts since the in-famous Dust Bowl. 
Now, not a single drop of this rainfall 
can be attributed to the central plan-ners in Washington, D.C., nor can this listing have any effect on making it rain in places like Kansas. 
We need to let State and local mu-
nicipalities and States work together to create these conservation plans to help produce the populations we need for the lesser prairie chicken. 
In fact, five States with habitat 
areas—Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, and Colorado—already have a locally driven, areawide plan in place known as the lesser prairie chicken rangewide conservation plan. It has broad stakeholder support to conserve and replenish the lesser prairie chicken population. 
Now, we have an opportunity today, 
as Democrats and Republicans, to flock together, to break out of our shells, to work with States and localities and delist the lesser prairie chicken. 
Keeping it in place makes it harder 
on hard-working farmers to grow crops and feed our Nation, and it makes it harder for energy producers to produce renewable or traditional energy. 
All of that increases the cost at the 
grocery store or at the pump for aver-age everyday working Americans. This cost of the listing is having little to no impact; this is while the cost of this listing has little to no impact on the ever-growing population. 
That growth is coming from States 
and localities working hand in hand with farmers and producers; yet, as these ineffective Federal burdens go up, so does the cost of doing business in America. Now, that is truly something 
to crow about. 
Let’s work together. Let’s let States 
recoup and conserve and grow the less-er prairie chicken populations, and let’s pass this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.161 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4836 July 7, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, this 
amendment would prohibit the Fish and Wildlife Service from imple-menting or enforcing threatened spe-cies listing of the lesser prairie chicken under the Endangered Species Act and would restrict the Fish and Wildlife Service from offering any critical pro-tections to preserve the species. 
This amendment is harmful and mis-
guided and maybe a little scrambled, as in some eggs. Once the species is listed under the Endangered Species Act, the role of Fish and Wildlife is pri-marily permissive, helping parties comply with the act as they carry out their activities. 
Under this amendment, all the En-
dangered Species Act prohibitions would still apply. They would still apply, the Endangered Species Act pro-hibitions, but landowners would have no avenue to comply with them. 
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service 
would be barred from issuing permits or exemptions. This means landowners, industry, and other parties who might need to take the lesser prairie chicken incidentally to do their otherwise law-ful activities, such as oil and gas devel-opment, would be vulnerable to a citi-zens lawsuit. 
Additionally, this amendment would 
halt an innovative plan to conserve the lesser prairie chicken. In 2014, Fish and Wildlife, in partnership with States and local stakeholders, began the im-plementation of a lesser prairie chick-en rangewide conservation plan. That encouraged participants to gain in proactive and voluntary conservation activities, promoting lesser prairie chicken conservation. 
The plan describes a locally con-
trolled and an innovative approach for maintaining the State’s authority to conserve the species and allows for eco-nomic development to continue in a seamless manner. It sounds like a win- win to me, with Fish and Wildlife partnering with local partners and with the State. 
This plan prevents significant regu-
latory delays in obtaining taking per-mits, disruption to economic activities vital to the State and national inter-ests, and little incentive for conserva-tion habitat on prairie lands. 
Sadly, the gentleman’s amendment 
would undermine this plan that local folks and the State came up with to be more collaborative in a conservation effort. This amendment would create uncertainty for landowners, making them vulnerable, as I said earlier, to lawsuits. 
We should be supporting the Fish and 
Wildlife Service in its efforts to work with local community leaders and to work with the States, not blocking the agency for doing their job. I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, at this 
time, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gen-
tleman from western Kansas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ), my friend and colleague. 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to cosponsor this common-sense amendment as we work to stop the Federal Government from enforc-ing the ill-advised listing of the lesser prairie chicken. 
As a fifth-generation farmer and pos-
sibly the only Member on the floor who has actually seen the real-life bird on a family farm that we are talking about, I am strongly opposed to this listing. 
As was mentioned, this listing oc-
curred during a massive, historical multiyear drought in my home area in my region and State, which obviously limits habitat growth and reduces the numbers of prairie chickens. 
The best solution is for it to rain; 
and that, it has. Thank you, Lord, though I fully expect the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to take credit for the resulting increase in the lesser prairie chicken population. 
For the last 4 years, I have heard 
from farmers, ranchers, homebuilders, energy producers, and other small busi-nesses concerned about what this list-ing would do to our rural economy. Our farmers and ranchers are in a state of uncertainty as to whether certain farming and conservation practices, like we have in my own farm, will re-sult in fines or perhaps even jail time. Many energy producers have stopped drilling new wells for fear of risking the consequences of the listing. 
Unless Congress does something and 
does it soon, this threat to our rural economy will probably continue for-ever. In 40 years of the Endangered Species Act, more than 1,350 species have been listed as endangered, but only 24 have been delisted, and that is just 1.7 percent—not very successful, Mr. Chairman. 
I appreciate the opportunity to share 
these concerns with you, and I encour-age my colleagues to support this amendment, support our farmers and ranchers, and support common sense. 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Kansas has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman of 
the committee. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I am 
sympathetic to the gentleman’s con-cerns, particularly because my home State of California probably has more than its fair share of endangered spe-cies problem. 
The Endangered Species Act hinges 
upon the principle that, if a species is listed, that it will be recovered and management will return to the States. This push by the States is the reality we see playing out. Bats, wolves, great-er sage-grouse, delta smelt, the list 
goes on and on and on. 
It should come as no surprise, then, 
to see the States pushing back through their elected Representatives in the legislative branch in an effort to bring the Endangered Species Act back into balance. 
I would support this amendment. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chair, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I under-
stand that there is a concern with the listings; and I hear that very loud and clear from my colleagues. 
The problem with the way that these 
amendments have been drafted, par-ticularly in line with this amendment, again, all the Endangered Species Act prohibitions would still apply. 
Landowners would have no avenue to 
comply with because they wouldn’t have a partner in the Fish and Wildlife because Fish and Wildlife would be barred from issuing any permits or any exemptions. 
Clearly, it means landowners, indus-
tries, and other parties who might need to take a lesser prairie chicken inci-dentally to their otherwise lawful ac-tivities will be vulnerable to a lawsuit. Additionally, this amendment will halt any innovation plan to conserve the lesser prairie chicken. 
The gentleman’s amendment, by un-
dermining collaborative efforts and, I believe, with an amendment that cre-ates uncertainty for landowners mak-ing them vulnerable to lawsuits, should be an amendment that should be op-posed. 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amend-
ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
b2215 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
again, let me offer my appreciation to the gentlewoman from Minnesota, the 
gentleman from California, and their staff who have worked with us. 
Let me remind my colleagues that 
just a few days ago, I offered this amendment dealing with museums and dealing with my concern for the fund-ing and the Smithsonian, to provide for the Nation’s museum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.164 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4837 July 7, 2015 
Let me also say to my colleagues 
that I have offered this amendment in the past because I have a particular in-terest in the museums of America and their ability to do outreach. I imagine I am not alone standing here amongst appropriators to again say and call for the end of sequestration to be able to provide the appropriators and to pro-vide the people of America the full funding to address these quality of life issues from the various lands and Fed-eral parks and, as well, the historic trails, of which I will talk about, but museums, urban reforestation, all ele-ments of the beauty of this Nation. And I frankly believe that museums, likewise, are that form of beauty. 
My amendment specifically says: 
‘‘None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smith-sonian Institution.’’ 
In order to fulfill the Smithsonian’s 
mission, the increase and diffusion of knowledge, the Smithsonian seeks to serve an even greater audience by bringing the Smithsonian to enclaves of communities who otherwise would be deprived of the vast amounts of cul-tural history offered by the Smithso-nian. 
Our museums of the Nation are in 
trouble. The Smithsonian has a beau-tiful array of museums that are here that millions of Americans have the opportunity to visit. But the outreach program serves millions of Americans, thousands of communities, and hun-dreds of institutions in all 50 States through loans of objects, traveling ex-hibitions, and sharing of educational resources via publications, lectures and presentations, training programs, and Web sites. 
Allow me to mention just a few in 
my own district: 
The Holocaust Museum, unique in its 
presentation of a horrible time in his-tory, but it also serves as a very uni-fying entity in our community; 
The Children’s Museum, as one of the 
original board members and founders, now the Children’s Museum is one of the major children’s museums in the Nation. But again, it needs the impact of the outreach of the Smithsonian; 
And then, of course, the Museum of 
African American Culture, headed by a dear friend, but also a champion of holding this museum together, and that is John Guess. He needs a fuller embrace by the Smithsonian, including its expertise, its experts, its Ph.D.s, traveling efforts, and again, its encour-agement of corporate communities to recognize the value of participating in museums. 
The Smithsonian’s outreach activi-
ties include the Smithsonian Institu-tion traveling exhibition, the Smithso-nian Center for Education and Museum Studies, National Science Resources Center, the Smithsonian Institution Press, the Office of Fellowships, and the Smithsonian Associates. 
Who are we if we do not value pre-
serving those items that tell the varied and diverse history of America, the 
good history of America, the history that is unifying and purposeful in cit-ing us as a country that recognizes our wonderful diversity? 
So I ask my colleagues to support 
this amendment that deals specifically with allowing the outreach to the kinds of museums that really need the help of the Smithsonian. 
The Smithsonian, in concluding, Mr. 
Chairman, is very important to urban areas and rural areas alike, and its ability or its affiliation is to build a strong national network of museums and educational organizations in order to establish active and engaging rela-tionships with communities through-out the country. 
Again, allow me to salute, in par-
ticular, John Guess, with the Museum of African American Culture in Hous-ton. He has literally put that museum together, along with his board mem-bers. 
The Smithsonian—I hope they are 
hearing me as I am talking on the floor of the House—we need your help in Houston, Texas. We probably need your help in Washington State, in Cali-fornia, Minnesota, New York, and be-yond to preserve and help these small museums throughout the Nation. 
I ask my colleagues to support not 
only this amendment, but the muse-ums of this Nation. 
And I say to Mr. C
ALVERT , we had 
discussed this before. This amendment now is a placeholder, hopefully, for our discussion going forward dealing with the preservation of our museums. 
Let me thank Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. 
SIMPSON , and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to 
speak in support of my amendment to H.R. 2822, the ‘‘Interior and Environment Appro-priations Act of 2016.’’ 
Let me also thank Chairman C
ALVERT and 
Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for their leader-
ship in shepherding this bill to the floor. 
Among other agencies, this legislation funds 
the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums, including the Air and Space Museum; the Museum of African Art; the Museum of the American Indian; and the National Portrait Gallery. 
The Smithsonian also operates another na-
tional treasure: the National Zoo. 
Mr. Chair, my amendment is simple but it 
sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment simply pro-
vides that: 
‘‘Sec. ll. None of the funds made avail-
able in this Act may be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian In-stitution.’’ 
This amendment is identical to an amend-
ment I offered to the Interior and Environment Appropriations Act for FY2008 (H.R. 2643) that was approved by voice vote on June 26, 2007. 
Mr. Chair, the Smithsonian’s outreach pro-
grams bring Smithsonian scholars in art, his-tory and science out of ‘‘the nation’s attic’’ and into their own backyard. 
Each year, millions of Americans visit the 
Smithsonian in Washington, D.C. But in order to fulfill the Smithsonian’s mis-
sion, ‘‘the increase and diffusion of knowl-edge,’’ the Smithsonian seeks to serve an even greater audience by bringing the Smith-sonian to enclaves of communities who other-wise would be deprived of the vast amount of cultural history offered by the Smithsonian. 
The Smithsonian’s outreach programs serve 
millions of Americans, thousands of commu-nities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50 states, through loans of objects, traveling exhi-bitions, and sharing of educational resources via publications, lectures and presentations, training programs, and websites. 
Smithsonian outreach programs work in 
close cooperation with Smithsonian museums and research centers, as well as with 144 affil-iate institutions and others across the nation. 
The Smithsonian’s outreach activities sup-
port community-based cultural and educational organizations around the country. 
They ensure a vital, recurring, and high-im-
pact Smithsonian presence in all 50 states through the provision of traveling exhibitions and a network of affiliations. 
Smithsonian outreach programs increase 
connections between the Institution and tar-geted audiences (African American, Asian American, Latino, Native American, and new American) and provide kindergarten through college-age museum education and outreach opportunities. 
These outreach programs enhance K–12 
science education programs, facilitate the Smithsonian’s scholarly interactions with stu-dents and scholars at universities, museums, and other research institutions; and dissemi-nate results related to the research and collec-tions strengths of the Institution. 
The programs that provide the critical mass 
of Smithsonian outreach activity are: 
1. the Smithsonian Institution Traveling Ex-
hibition Services (SITES); 
2. the Smithsonian Affiliations, the Smithso-
nian Center for Education and Museum Stud-ies (SCEMS); 
3. National Science Resources Center 
(NSRC); 
4. the Smithsonian Institution Press (SIP); 
5. the Office of Fellowships (OF); and 6. the Smithsonian Associates (TSA), which 
receives no federal funding. 
To achieve the goal of increasing pubic en-
gagement, SITES directs some of its federal resources to develop Smithsonian Across America: A Celebration of National Pride. 
This ‘‘mobile museum,’’ which will feature 
Smithsonian artifacts from the most iconic (presidential portraits, historical American flags, Civil War records, astronaut uniforms, etc.) to the simplest items of everday life (fam-ily quilts, prairie schoolhouse furnishings, his-torical lunch boxes, multilingual store front and street signs, etc.), has been a long-standing organizational priority of the Smithsonian. 
SITES ‘‘mobile museum’’ is the only trav-
eling exhibit format able to guarantee audi-ence growth and expanded geographic dis-tribution during sustained periods of economic retrenchment, but also because it is imperative for the many exhibitors nationwide who are struggling financially yet eager to participate in Smithsonian outreach. 
For communities still struggling to fully re-
cover from the economic downturn, the ability of museums to present temporary exhibitions, the ‘‘mobile museum’’ promises to answer an ever-growing demand for Smithsonian shows in the field. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.167 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4838 July 7, 2015 
A single, conventional SITES exhibit can 
reach a maximum of 12 locations over a two- to three-year period. 
In contrast, a ‘‘mobile museum’’ exhibit can 
visit up to three venues per week in the course of only one year, at no cost to the host institution or community. 
The net result is an increase by 150 in the 
number of outreach locations to which SITES shows can travel annually. 
And in addition to its flexibility in making 
short-term stops in cities and towns from coast-to-coast, a ‘‘mobile museum’’ has the advantage of being able to frequent the very locations where people live, work, and take part in leisure time activities. 
By establishing an exhibit presence in set-
tings like these, SITES will not only increase its annual visitor participation by 1 million, but also advance a key Smithsonian performance objective: to develop exhibit approaches that address diverse audiences, including popu-lation groups not always affiliated with main-stream cultural institutions. 
SITES also will be the public exhibitions’ 
face of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture, as that new Museum comes online. 
Providing national access to projects that 
will introduce the American public to the Mu-seum’s mission, SITES in FY 2008 will tour such stirring exhibitions as NASA ART: 50 Years of Exploration; 381 Days: The Mont-gomery Bus Boycott Story; Beyond: Visions of Planetary Landscapes; The Way We Worked: Photographs from the National Archives; and More Than Words: Illustrated Letters from the Smithsonian’s Archives of American Art. 
To meet the growing demand among small-
er community and ethnic museums for an ex-hibition celebrating the Latino experience, SITES provided a scaled-down version of the National Museum of American History’s 4,000- square-foot exhibition about legendary enter-tainer Celia Cruz. 
Two 1,500-square-foot exhibitions, one 
about Crow Indian history and the other on basket traditions, will give Smithsonian visitors beyond Washington a taste of the Institution’s critically acclaimed National Museum of the American Indian. 
Two more exhibits, ‘‘In Plane View’’ and 
‘‘Earth from Space,’’ provided visitors an op-portunity to experience the Smithsonian’s re-cently opened, expansive National Air and Space Museum Udvar-Hazy Center. 
For almost 30 years, The Smithsonian As-
sociates—the highly regarded educational arm of the Smithsonian Institution—has arranged Scholars in the Schools programs. 
Through this tremendously successful and 
well-received educational outreach program, the Smithsonian shares its staff—hundreds of experts in art, history and science—with the national community at a local level. 
The mission of Smithsonian Affiliations is to 
build a strong national network of museums and educational organizations in order to es-tablish active and engaging relationships with communities throughout the country. 
There are currently 138 affiliates located in 
the United States, Puerto Rico, and Panama. 
By working with museums of diverse subject 
areas and scholarly disciplines, both emerging and well-established, Smithsonian Affiliations is building partnerships through which audi-ences and visitors everywhere will be able to share in the great wealth of the Smithsonian while building capacity and expertise in local 
communities. 
The National Science Resources Center 
(NSRC) strives to increase the number of eth-nically diverse students participating in effec-tive science programs based on NSRC prod-ucts and services. 
The Center develops and implements a na-
tional outreach strategy that will increase the number of school districts (currently more than 800) that are implementing NSRC K–8 pro-grams. 
The NSRC is striving to further enhance its 
program activity with a newly developed sci-entific outreach program introducing commu-nities and school districts to science through literacy initiatives. 
In addition, through the building of the multi-
cultural Alliance Initiative, the Smithsonian’s outreach programs seek to develop new ap-proaches to enable the public to gain access to Smithsonian collections, research, edu-cation, and public programs that reflect the di-versity of the American people, including un-derserved audiences of ethnic populations and persons with disabilities. 
For all these reasons, Mr. Chair, I urge 
adoption of my amendment and thank Chair-man C
ALVERT and Ranking Member M CCOL-
LUM for their courtesies, consideration, and 
very fine work in putting together this excellent legislation. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Director of the National Park Service to implement, ad-minister, or enforce Policy Memorandum 11– 03 or to approve a request by a park super-intendent to eliminate the sale in National Parks of water in disposable plastic bottles. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
This summer, thousands of Ameri-
cans will load the kids into the car and set out on a trip to visit one of our country’s historic national parks. 
Whether it is to see the stunning val-
leys of the Grand Canyon or the tow-ering stone faces etched into Mt. Rush-more, tens of millions of families ar-rive at national park destinations each year. 
As some may know, the National 
Park Service has implemented a policy allowing parks to ban the sale of bot-tled water, and only bottled water, at park concessions. I understand that the Park Service is concerned about waste left behind by visitors. We all agree that protecting our national parks is a laudable goal. However, banning the 
sale of bottled water is not the best way to go about it. 
In blocking the sale of bottled water 
at our parks, we are depriving millions of Americans access to a healthy and necessary beverage that park visitors rely on. This is especially true in the hot summer months. 
Families who don’t own expensive 
camping equipment and aren’t experi-enced hikers and climbers will be sur-prised to find out that they can’t buy their child a bottle of water at one of our national parks. Nineteen national parks have adopted or plan to adopt a bottled water ban. This includes the Grand Canyon National Park. Tem-peratures at the Grand Canyon just this week will top 100 degrees. Visitors who may have forgotten or have run out of water could be put at risk of de-hydration. 
Banning bottled water defies com-
mon sense. Even the Park Service ad-mits that the ban ‘‘could affect visitor safety’’ and ‘‘eliminates the healthiest choice for bottled drinks, leaving sug-ary drinks as a primary alternative.’’ 
The policy runs counter to the Park 
Service’s own Healthy Parks Healthy People initiative, which urges visitors to make healthy food choices because, remember, bottled water, and only bot-tled water, is banned from being sold at concessions. 
Some argue that the ban is necessary 
to reduce waste. But the National Park Service has confirmed that partici-pating parks haven’t been able to de-
termine if the policy works. To start, we know parks don’t separately ana-lyze recycled waste visitors leave be-hind. Parks simply can’t say whether the ban has worked. 
It is also worth noting that studies 
conducted on similar water bans show that they aren’t effective in reducing waste. A study in the American Jour-nal of Public Health found the bottled water bans on college campuses had unintended consequences. Eliminating bottled water did not, in fact, reduce waste, but actually led to a spike in sales and increased shipments of pack-aged beverages. 
Mr. Chairman, we all support efforts 
to protect our parks. All we ask today is that the National Park Service care-fully consider its policies. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to work with the gentleman on this issue because I think he raises some concerns which do need to be ad-dressed. 
I would just kind of like to set the 
picture about what is currently going on right now. There are 407 units in the National Park system, and only 19 of them—19 of them—have elected to eliminate the sale of water in dispos-able plastic bottles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.113 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4839 July 7, 2015 
It is important to note that in the 
National Park system units, including these 19, visitors are still free to bring water in with them and use water in disposable plastic bottles. They are not banned from bringing in their own water. 
The use of these disposable water 
bottles has had a significant environ-mental impact on the National Park system units. That is why I would like to work with the gentleman and figure out what we need to do about waste re-duction in our parks and if this was part of the Park’s overall system on it, and the sugary drinks that the gen-tleman referred to, if those bottles are also a potential problem, or how do we educate and work with families and hikers and vacationers and visitors to our national parks about not leaving this waste out in the open. 
Another example, in Grand Canyon 
Park, disposable bottles compromise nearly 20 percent of the Grand Can-yon’s waste stream and 30 percent of the park’s recyclables. 
So before eliminating bottle water 
sales, the National Park system units were required to undertake an exten-sive review process considering 14 dif-ferent factors before seeking approval from the regional director. This exten-sive review process included rigorous impact analysis, including assessment of the effects on visitors’ health and safety. 
Once approved, these park units are 
required to maintain an extensive pub-lic education program that provides readily available designed water bottle refilling stations. And in many places that I visited recently, I have seen both the ability to purchase as well as refill, at our national parks, water bottles. 
So as a leader in conservation, the 
National Park Service encourages re-cycling in the reduction of plastic dis-posable water bottles. My concern would be we wouldn’t want your amendment—and I will speak for my-self. I don’t want to be part of under-cutting any of those efforts to encour-age recycling in the reduction of dis-posable water bottles. 
I would also be concerned that the 
park system eliminated water sales without having a viable alternative, as the gentleman pointed out, but that does not appear to be the case here. As I noted earlier, there is an extensive re-view process, and these park units are required to offer readily available free water refilling stations. Plus, people are still free to bring in water them-selves. 
I would very much like to work with 
the gentleman and the chairman to see if there are any refinements or if there is anything that we need to know more about what the National Park system’s policy on plastic water bottles is. But I do not support an outright prohibition on the National Park Service to be able to carry out a policy that encourages the reuse and the reduction of plastic water bottles in our parks and in our Nation. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Pennsylvania has 2
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, at this 
time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ). 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my colleague from Pennsylvania’s amendment. 
As a nurse, I know the key compo-
nent of staying healthy is being hy-drated and drinking plenty of water. However, if you were to be in one of our Nation’s parks, you might find this difficult. 
Why? 
Because the National Park Service 
allows individual parks to ban bottled water from their premises. Yet, in those same parks, someone can still purchase soda and other bottled bev-erages. 
b2230 
Mr. Chairman, this ban is misguided. 
While it was created in an attempt to reduce litter in the parks, it has, in-stead, served as a primary example of intrusive government overreach— something this country certainly needs less of and something my constituents sent me here to Washington to prevent. 
According to the National Park’s 
Sustainable Practices report, parks that have implemented this ban are not actually reporting any useful data on recycling by type. In other words, they don’t know if this ban is effec-tively working or not. Preserving the beauty of our parks is a noble goal and is something we should all care about, but it should not come at the expense of consumer choice. 
Mr. Chairman, we should support 
freedom; we should support the beauty of our parks; and we should support good, healthy lifestyles for every American. However, the current ban in place does none of the above. I urge my colleagues to support this common-sense measure as it stops this ineffec-tive ban. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, to 
the speakers and to the chairman of the subcommittee, I hear the concerns. If there are concerns to be addressed, I want to be a partner in that, but I also don’t want to be part in party of walk-ing back—reducing waste in our streams and not in any way, shape or form, adding to the costs of Park Serv-ice rangers and volunteers in their hav-ing to go out and clean up plastic bot-tles, plastic water caps, and other such things. 
I am sincere in my efforts in saying 
I would like very much to work with my colleagues on this issue, but I did not hear anybody saying that they wanted to work back. So, at this point, I will oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I urge 
my colleagues to support this amend-ment for the convenience of consumers 
and also in light of the fact that stud-ies show that it is not having an im-pact. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. C
AL-
VERT ). 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I am 
more than happy to work with my good friend from Minnesota as we move this process forward. 
As you know, we talked about this in 
the budget process with the National Park Service earlier in the year. We, obviously, don’t want to discourage people from drinking water. We want them to stay hydrated. There are also people who work in the bottled water industry, and I think it is a noble in-dustry. We want to encourage people to drink more water. It is not just about bottled water. It is about jobs and about the people who bottle that water. 
I will work together with the gentle-
woman from Minnesota, and we will not deny people water in our national parks. I support this amendment. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON LEE  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of bill, before the short title, 
add the following new section: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act for the ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF IN-TERIOR—N
ATIONAL PARK SERVICE —NA-
TIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION ’’ may 
be used in contravention of section 320101 of title 54, United States Code. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise with my appreciation to the man-agers of this bill and their staffs; but I also want to thank them for the very civil discussion that occurred earlier by two of my colleagues who offered amendments regarding the exhibition of Civil War artifacts, or the rebel flag, and I thank them for their courtesy in those amendments of those individuals. 
I also make a statement on the floor 
that I look forward to the opportunity given to us by the leadership of this House to have a full discussion on var-ious entities that did not unify but di-vide, and I think a civil debate on this is warranted in this House as we watched the very moving and very hon-est debate that took place in South Carolina. 
My amendment, however, is one that, 
I hope, is embracing and is a show of unity about what America stands for, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.169 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4840 July 7, 2015 
and that is the National Heritage Area- 
Corridor designation. I just want to show this map, and I am certainly quite pleased that a number of these National Heritage Areas do exist. There are 49 of them—none in the State of Texas, none but possibly one in Minnesota, maybe one between Ari-zona and California, but very few in the West, including in the State of Idaho, and I can name a number of other 
States. 
My amendment is to highlight the 
value of these national trails. This is particularly important because this tells the story of America. 16 U.S. Code 461 provides that: ‘‘It is declared that it is a national policy to preserve for pub-lic use historic sites, buildings, and ob-jects of national significance for the inspiration and benefit of the people of the United States.’’ Again, I want to emphasize that—the inspiration. 
Texas has, starting in Galveston, his-
tory referring to the Emancipation Proclamation. We commemorate some-thing called Juneteenth, and out of Juneteenth was the time when Captain Granger came to the shores of Gal-veston, in Texas, and announced that the slaves had been freed. However, there are a number of other historic sites following the trail from Galveston through Houston to include Emanci-pation Park, MacGregor Park, and then sites going up through Austin. 
We really understand that this idea 
of historic trails can create an eco-nomic impact. For example, in 2012, a nationally respected consulting firm completed a comprehensive economic impact of six national historic sites in the northeast region that also included an extrapolation of the economic ben-efit of all 49 NHAs. It was $12.9 billion. 
The study quantified the economic 
impact of the individual NHAs and based it upon a case study approach and found that the economic impact of three National Historic Areas in Ari-zona, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania showed: in Massachusetts, $153.8 mil-lion in economic impact, 1,832 jobs, and generates $14.3 million in tax revenue; in Pennsylvania, $21.2 million in eco-nomic impact, 314 jobs, and generates $1.5 million in tax revenue; in the Yuma Crossing National Heritage Area in Arizona, $22.7 million in economic impact, supports 277 jobs, and gen-erates $1.3 million in tax revenue. 
This is, Mr. Chairman, an important 
and very vital part of America’s his-tory, and as we approach the anniver-sary of this legislation that was cre-ated in 1966, I think it is important to reinforce the ability for these par-ticular sites. We need to increase the ability for feasibility studies; we need the support of legislative action and designation; and we need to be able to introduce people to the importance of these sites. 
Let me make very quick mention of 
the emancipation part. In 1872, in Houston, four former slaves raised $800. That would be part of it, but I would just simply say that this is a very im-portant part of America’s history. I ask my colleagues to support the 
creation of a national heritage site across America by supporting the Jackson Lee amendment so that we can expand the 49 sites to other States that do not have one single site, and Texas is one of them. 
Mr. Chair, Thank you for this opportunity to 
speak in support of the Jackson Lee amend-ment and to commend Chairman C
ALVERT and 
Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for their leader-
ship in shepherding this bill to floor. 
Among other agencies, this legislation funds 
the U.S. Forest Service, the National Park System, and the Smithsonian Institution. 
Most Americans do not know that this bill 
also funds a very special program, the Na-tional Recreation and Preservation. 
Mr. Chair, the Jackson Lee Amendment is 
simple but it sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment provides: S
EC. ll. None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act for the ‘‘DEPARTMENT 0F THE INTERIOR—NATIONAL PARK SERV-ICE—NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRES-ERVATION’’ may be used in contravention of section 461 of title 16, United States Code. 
And 16 U.S. Code 461 provides that: It is declared that it is a national policy to 
preserve for public use historic sites, buildings, and objects of national significance for the in-spiration and benefit of the people of the United States. 
This is important, especially as it relates to 
National Heritage Areas (NHAs). 
NHAs both preserve our national heritage 
and provide economic benefits to communities and regions through their commitments to her-itage conservation and economic develop-ment. 
Through public-private partnerships, NHA 
entities support historic preservation, natural resource conservation, recreation, heritage tourism, and educational projects. 
Leveraging funds and long-term support for 
projects, NHA partnerships generate increased economic impact for regions in which they are located. 
In 2012, a nationally respected consulting 
firm (Tripp Umbach) completed a comprehen-sive economic impact study of six NHA sites in the Northeast Region that also included an extrapolation of the economic benefit of all 49 NHA sites on the national economy. 
The annual economic impact was estimated 
to be 12.9 billion. 
The economic activity supports approxi-
mately 148,000 jobs and generates $1.2 billion annually in Federal revenues from sources such as employee compensation, proprietor income, indirect business tax, households, and corporation. 
The study quantified the economic impacts 
of individual NHAs based upon a case study approach and found that the economic impact of the three National Historic Areas in Arizona, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania showed: 
1. Essex National Heritage Area (MA) gen-
erates $153.8 million in econonic impact, sup-ports 1,832 jobs, and generates $14.3 million in tax revenue. 
2. Oil Region National Heritage Area (PA) 
generates $21.2 million in economic impact, supports 314 jobs, and generates $1.5 million tax revenue; and 
3. Yuma Crossing National Heritage Area 
(AZ) $22.7 million in economic impact, sup-ports 277 jobs, and generates $1.3 million in 
tax revenue. 
Mr. Chair, as I said there are 49 NHA 
across the nation but, surprisingly, none in my state of Texas. 
We hope to rectify this in the not too distant 
future. 
Texas is the largest and second most popu-
lous state in the nation and has a unique story in American history with its diverse geographic landscape, natural resources, and population. 
From Galveston’s port, East Texas’ farms 
and forestry, and the Buffalo Soldiers, Texas has a rich multi-cultured heritage and history. 
To honor Texas’ heritage, I will be working 
with my colleagues to establish a National Heritage Area Corridor designation that stretches across historically significant and landmark sites from Galveston to Houston and East Texas into Central Texas. 
This cultural corridor would focus on his-
toric, cultural and natural sites, as well as roadways, businesses, residential and farm districts that unite Texas’ rich heritage from the first settlers to modern times. 
Mr. Chair, as we approach the anniversary 
of the passage of the 1966 National Historic Preservation Act, we want to preserve and unite the legacy stories of some of our state’s most revered sites. 
Currently underway in Houston is the revital-
ization of the historic Emancipation Park, a pivotal site in the state’s social and cultural development and African American legacy. 
The future Emancipation Park, if brought to 
fruition and designated as a part of a National Heritage Corridor, represents a unique oppor-tunity to tell a comprehensive story about the great State of Texas. 
To conclude, National Heritage Areas 
(NHAs) are both a good investment and na-tional treasure providing economic benefits to communities and regions through their com-mitment to heritage conservation and eco-nomic development. 
For all these reasons, Mr. Chair, I urge 
adoption of the Jackson Lee Amendment. 
I thank Chairman C
ALVERT and Ranking 
Member M CCOLLUM for their work in putting 
together this legislation. 
THE CREATION OF A NATIONAL HERITAGE COR -
RIDOR FOR EMANCIPATION PARK AND SUR -
ROUNDING HISTORIC SITES IN TEXAS : 
I.) Why a National Heritage Corridor: 
1. Opportunity to share the unique story of 
Emancipation Park 
In 1872, four former slaves raised $800.00 to 
purchase 10 acres of land as a gathering place to celebrate their new found freedom. This land has played a prominent role in Amer-ica’s rich cultural heritage, from slavery, to the false hopes of Emancipation, a safe haven under Jim Crow, a site for mobiliza-tion and activism during the Civil Rights movement and will now serve as a local, na-tional and international destination for many years to come for all people for the discussion of modern day race relations and for the celebration and exploration of Afri-can American history and culture. 
2. Link Related Historical Sites to create 
the Heritage Corridor 
From the Slave Ships landing in Gal-
veston, to slaves traveling into Ft. Bend and Harris County, up the Brazos into Wash-ington County and from East Texas into Central Texas. 
3. Provides Opportunities for Access to 
Federal Funding for the Region 
4. Serves as a Catalyst for Economic Devel-
opment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.172 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4841 July 7, 2015 
5. Encourages Tourism in the Region 
Emancipation Park can serve as the Wel-
coming Center and the Conservancy can pro-vide the oversight for the NHC 
6. Raises the Profile of the Project for the 
Capital Campaign 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . WEBER OF  
TEXAS  
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used in contravention of Section 321(a) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7621(a)). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I rise to offer a commonsense amend-ment to the Interior and EPA Appro-priations bill which, I hope, all Mem-bers can and will support. 
First, I would like to commend 
Chairman C
ALVERT for his work on this 
legislation and for including critical provisions to prevent the EPA from moving forward on crippling new regu-lations on our economy. 
Mr. Chairman, since 2009, our job cre-
ators have faced an onslaught of regu-lations from the EPA even as Congress has consistently reduced the Agency’s budget year after year. The EPA has proposed a regulation to lower the na-tional ozone standard, which is largely based on shaky scientific data and could cost our economy billions of dol-lars a year. The EPA has also proposed new regulations on new and existing power plants that could substantially increase energy prices for hard-work-ing families and small businesses. 
The Agency has cited its authority to 
regulate under the Clean Air Act as the basis for many of these decisions. How-ever, when it comes to evaluating how its regulations impact American jobs, the Agency has failed to follow the law. Section 321(a) of the Clean Air Act clearly states: ‘‘The Administrator shall conduct continuing evaluations of potential loss or shifts of employ-ment.’’ 
Last year, the EPA was sued because 
of its failure to comply with this provi-sion. Additionally, we heard testimony last month before the Science, Space, and Technology Committee that fur-ther reinforced the EPA’s failure to evaluate employment impacts as Con-gress has directed under section 321(a). It is unacceptable for the EPA Ad-
ministrators to cherry-pick the law based on their own ideological agenda. That is why I have introduced this amendment, which would ensure that the EPA abides by the law and con-ducts ongoing evaluations of just how their actions impact jobs in America. I urge the adoption of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY OF  
FLORIDA  
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CARRY OUT  
SEISMIC AIRGUN TESTING OR SURVEYS OFF  
COAST OF FLORIDA  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to carry out seismic airgun testing or seismic airgun surveys in the Eastern Gulf of Mexico Outer Conti-nental Shelf Planning Area, the Straits of Florida Outer Continental Shelf Planning Area, or the South Atlantic Outer Conti-nental Shelf Planning Area located within the exclusive economic zone (as defined in section 107 of title 46, United States Code) bordering the State of Florida. 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida (during the 
reading). Mr. Chairman, I ask unani-mous consent that the amendment be considered as read. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise to offer the Murphy, Castor, Jolly, Posey, Clawson, Graham, DeSantis, Ros-Lehtinen, Grayson, Buchanan, Hastings, Wilson amend-ment to block the use of seismic airgun testing off of Florida’s coast. 
As you can see from the list of co-
sponsors, offshore drilling is not a par-tisan issue in our State but an eco-nomic issue. Florida is a unique place that depends on healthy beaches, clean waters, and a safeguarded environ-ment. The seismic testing that the ad-ministration has proposed puts all of these things at risk. 
First, seismic airgun testing can be 
harmful to undersea mammals like en-dangered whale species and dolphins, disrupting their ability to commu-nicate and navigate. It can also have negative effects on sea turtles, such as the loggerhead sea turtle, that have key nesting grounds along the Treas-ure Coast and Palm Beaches in the dis-trict that I am so proud to represent. This testing practice can also disrupt fish migratory patterns that could have significant impacts on fishermen 
in Florida. 
b2245 
Second, seismic airgun testing is the 
first step in the wrong direction to opening our pristine shores to offshore drilling and to the threat of dev-astating oil spills. Florida has more coastline than any other continental State in the United States, and our economy depends on healthy beaches. 
I was proud when former Governor 
Jeb Bush and Florida’s congressional delegation actually came together and fought to block drilling off Florida’s coast, and now I am proud to join my many Florida colleagues to block this administration from putting special in-terests over the economic and environ-mental needs of our State. 
Whatever your party, Floridians pro-
tect their environmental treasures at all costs. As residents on the Gulf Coast are too well aware—and as I have seen firsthand myself—oil spills can devastate our environment and our economy up and down the coast. Twen-ty cities throughout Florida have passed resolutions proactively banning seismic testing because they know it is a rotten deal for our State. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
opposition to the gentleman’s amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, this 
administration has already developed the most restrictive policies for the use of seismic airguns for offshore explo-ration to date. We do not need to place a moratorium on the use. 
Further, the Eastern Gulf of Mexico 
Planning Area is more than 125 miles off the Florida coast, and the South Atlantic Planning Area also affects Georgia and South Carolina. So the amendment affects many other States other than his own. Also, the Depart-ment of the Interior has already classi-fied the Straits of Florida as a low re-source potential or low support for po-tential new listing. As such, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I certainly do appreciate the chairman’s hard work on this bill, and many Members of Congress who are supporting this in a bipartisan manner. In Florida, it is pretty clear to see, based on the cosponsors of this bill, that this isn’t a partisan issue. 
I would like to remind the chairman 
that regardless of how far offshore this is, what really matters is the infra-structure onshore. You could talk about these sites, it doesn’t matter how far offshore. The fact is, you are going to have to have infrastructure there onshore that really starts to im-pede with our economy, whether that is the beaches, whether that is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.114 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4842 July 7, 2015 
tourism, whether that is the fishing in-
dustry. So there is a lot more to it. But I do respect the chairman’s hard work on this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I urge op-
position to the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. M
URPHY ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . NOEM  
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CLOSE OR  
MOVE FISHERIES ARCHIVES  
SEC. 441. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to close or move the D.C. Booth Historic National Fish Hatchery and Archives. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from South Dakota and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from South Dakota. 
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Chairman, today I 
rise to offer an amendment to prevent the Fish and Wildlife Service from closing fish hatcheries across the United States. I want to thank the chairman and his staff for all their dedication and for preventing the clo-sure of these hatcheries in the under-lying bill. My amendment only clari-fies their language to ensure that it prevents closure of hatcheries and ar-chives, which operate a little bit dif-ferently within the hatchery system. 
For example, the D.C. Booth Historic 
National Fish Hatchery and Archives has been a cornerstone of the commu-nity in Spearfish, South Dakota, with over 150,000 visitors annually. It was originally established in 1896 to intro-duce and maintain trout in the Black Hills of South Dakota, but it is much more than a fish hatchery. It is home to an 1800’s era museum, a 1910 railroad car, priceless artifacts, and educational opportunities for children. Moving these items would cost taxpayers, which doesn’t make any sense, given the tens of thousands of volunteer hours and private funds that are lever-aged to run this hatchery. 
I want to thank the chairman for 
working with me to preserve these hatcheries and archives that are cer-tainly of cultural significance. I urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment to prevent their closure. 
I yield to the chairman. Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding to me. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the 
gentlewoman’s amendment. This amendment is consistent with policy agreed to last year in the conference on a bipartisan basis. Fishing is a national pastime, to which the national fish hatchery plays an important role. Therefore, I support the gentle-
woman’s amendment, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROUZER  
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Standards of Performance for New Residen-tial Wood Heaters, New Residential Hydronic Heaters and Forced-Air Furnaces’’ published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on March 16, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 13671 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, in early 
March 2015, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency published the final rule es-tablishing excessive new standards for wood heaters. This onerous rule is a classic example of bureaucratic over-reach that has become all too common at the EPA. Manufacturers in my dis-trict, as well as consumers, are very concerned about the negative impacts of these new standards. 
According to press reports, 10 percent 
of U.S. households still choose to burn wood to keep energy costs as low as possible. The number of households that rely on wood as their primary heating source rose by nearly one-third from the year 2005 to 2012. 
This new rule is of particular concern 
for rural residents all across this coun-try. Because of this new rule, the cost of manufacturing wood heaters would increase substantially, making them unaffordable for many. 
It is no secret that costs from addi-
tional regulations are always passed down to the consumers. Several States, in fact, have expressed their concern on this matter. Wisconsin, Missouri, Michigan, Virginia, and my home State of North Carolina have all introduced or passed legislation that prohibits their respective environmental agen-cies from enforcing this burdensome, unnecessary regulation. 
In defense of all the fine Americans 
who want to purchase wood heaters, my amendment to the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act prohibits any funds from being used to imple-ment, administer, or enforce these new, unnecessary, and costly standards. Simply put, the Federal Government has no business telling private citizens how they should heat their homes or their businesses. After all, this is 
America. If an individual or family wants to heat their home or business using a wood stove or furnace, they should be able to do so without paying through the nose. 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank 
Congressmen W
ALTER JONES , 
MARKWAYNE MULLIN , RODBLUM, MARK 
MEADOWS , MIKEBISHOP , SEAN DUFFY , 
and T HOMAS MASSIE for their support 
on this amendment. 
I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Kentucky (Mr. M ASSIE ), my col-
league and friend. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman from North Carolina for his leadership on this issue and for yielding the time to me. 
First, the administration went after 
coal. Now it is coming after wood heat. In March, the EPA finalized a new rule to regulate the type of wood burning stoves and boilers that you can buy, forcing millions of middle class Ameri-cans to pay more to heat their homes. 
That is why I am cosponsoring this 
legislation, to stop the administration from enforcing new prohibitions on a renewable, abundant, and, dare I say, carbon-neutral method of heating our homes that has been with us for cen-turies. If it passes, our amendment to the EPA funding bill will prohibit the Federal Government from using tax-payer money to enforce crippling regu-lations on wood burning heating appli-ances. 
As the price of electricity skyrockets 
due to the President’s promise to bank-rupt the coal industry, wood heat is a viable alternative for millions of Amer-icans. Unfortunately, it seems like this administration would rather see people turn to the government for public as-sistance with their heating bills than to allow them an affordable means of self-sufficiency. 
Mr. Chairman, this is a State issue. 
The Federal Government should not be regulating wood burning appliances. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman of 
the subcommittee. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I just 
rise in support of the amendment. I know the State of North Carolina op-posed the rule and passed the legisla-tion a few months ago to block these EPA regulations. I suspect it is not the only State that may have these con-cerns. Let’s let the market drive manu-facturers toward producing lower emis-sion wood heaters. 
I support the gentleman’s amend-
ment and urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. I hope that everybody who supports this amendment would also vote for the bill for final passage. 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. R
OUZER ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.178 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4843 July 7, 2015 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HUDSON  
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO REMOVE OIL  
AND GAS LEASE SALE 260 FROM LEASING PRO -
GRAM  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to remove oil and gas lease sale 260 from the Draft Proposed Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) Oil and Gas Leasing Program for 2017-2022. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
tonight to offer an amendment that prohibits the administration from blocking the proposed Atlantic lease sale from the Department of the Inte-rior’s draft proposed plan for offshore oil and gas development. 
As cochairman of the Atlantic Off-
shore Energy Caucus, I have been fight-ing to advance an all-of-the-above en-ergy strategy that gets North Carolina into the energy business. 
b2300 
I was pleased when the administra-
tion recently heeded calls from Mem-bers of Congress—as well as our fine Governor, Pat McCrory, and other State leaders—when they announced a proposal to open up the Atlantic to off-shore natural gas and oil exploration. 
I welcome the proposal as one of the 
many steps that must be taken to unlock our natural resources, create jobs, and boost our economy. 
The problem is we now face bureau-
cratic hoops and an uphill rulemaking process that could take the Atlantic lease sale completely off the table. In fact, Secretary Sally Jewell testified recently that she could not guarantee the Atlantic lease would stay in the plan once it is finalized. 
For years, there has been bipartisan 
support for an offshore lease sale off the Atlantic Coast. One was even scheduled off the coast of Virginia, but later blocked by this administration. 
North Carolina has incredible poten-
tial for energy jobs, and I won’t let this opportunity slip through our fingers. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment is 
critical to provide certainty to North Carolina and unleash jobs and lower energy prices. Our economy is sput-tering along, and too many folks back home are struggling to find jobs. Open-
ing up the Atlantic to oil has the po-tential to support more than 55,000 jobs 
in our State and contribute nearly $3 billion in new revenue. 
For that reason, I urge my colleagues 
to support this amendment. 
I yield to the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. C
ALVERT ), the chairman. 
Mr. CALVERT. I am not going to op-
pose the amendment. I certainly appre-ciate what the gentleman is trying to accomplish and generally agree that this administration has placed way too many restrictions on drilling, both on-shore and offshore. 
These restrictions have delayed the 
permitting process and slowed eco-nomic growth in your State and many other States around the Union. Various groups have used that to their advan-tage. 
I agree that more certainty is needed 
in the leasing and permitting process. What I am afraid of is this might lead to a precedent for preempting the De-partment of the Interior’s decision-making under any President, and may lead to other amendments and kind of opening Pandora’s box, and Members doing specific amendments that are off their particular States. 
Saying that, as we move this process 
forward, I am not going to oppose the amendment, but I just have some con-cerns we can talk about as we move this process along. 
We both want the same outcome. I 
just want to make sure that we make sure this works in an orderly fashion. 
Mr. HUDSON. I thank the chairman 
for his comments, and I appreciate his leadership on this issue. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. PINGREE. This amendment 
would mandate that the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management include the South and mid-Atlantic area of the Outer Continental Shelf, otherwise known as sale 260 in the 2017–2022 lease sale schedule. 
The amendment would undermine 
the Bureau’s fundamental mission to manage the development of offshore re-sources in an environmentally and eco-nomically responsible manner. 
The Atlantic Outer Continental Shelf 
is a frontier area, and the decision to include sale 260 in the 2017–2022 5-year leasing schedule should be informed by sound science, using the best available data. 
The Bureau is required by law to con-
sider the environmental impacts of leasing decisions, and this includes a comprehensive programmatic environ-mental impact statement, which has not yet been completed for the Atlan-tic Outer Continental Shelf. 
In fact, the most current geological 
and geophysical data on the oil and gas resources in this area was collected in the 1970s and 1980s. That is really an-cient by today’s scientific standards. Without the collection and analysis 
of new information, input from State Governors and other Federal agencies, and consideration of critical economic analyses, the decision to include sale 260 in the 2017–2022 program is pre-mature and runs counter to the thoughtful and deliberative process es-tablished by Congress through the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act. 
This amendment would violate mul-
tiple environmental statutes, including NEPA, the Marine Mammal Protection Act, the Endangered Species Act, and the Coastal Zone Management Act. 
The amendment undermines environ-
mental protection required by law. Therefore, I oppose the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate my colleague’s comments on the subject. 
The reason we need this step is to 
guarantee that the folks in North Caro-lina get a shot at these jobs. We are talking about 55,000 jobs and poten-tially as much as $3 billion in economic development in our State. 
Frankly, it has been frustrating how 
hard it has been to get this process moved forward. If you look at the pro-posed lease sale, the sale is allowed in the fourth year of the 5-year period. Only one sale is even allowed. An arti-ficial buffer of 50 miles was inserted into the sale. 
We are getting one sale late in the 5- 
year period, with a 50-mile buffer, when the old seismic shows that most of that oil and gas is around 25 miles out. 
The ‘‘yes’’ that we got from the ad-
ministration and the fact this process is even moving forward is good news for North Carolina and the other States on the Atlantic Coast; but it is certainly not, in my opinion, an appro-priate response to the potential we have got there. 
I agree with the gentlewoman when 
she said the seismic is old; the seismic was done in the late seventies, but this administration has called for new seis-mic mapping. I am looking forward to that because, again, we want to use good science. 
We have given one opportunity pret-
ty far out in the fourth year of a 5-year period, and I am afraid we are going to lose that because, if you look at the history under this administration, there was a lease sale proposed in Vir-ginia and that was taken away. 
I think, to guarantee that we get at 
least some shot at unlocking this po-tential off the coast of getting the American sources of energy into the pipeline, getting North Carolinians to work in these energy jobs, I think it is important we have this amendment. I would urge my colleagues to support this. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I certainly 
appreciate the gentleman from North Carolina and his concerns about jobs for his home State, but as a Member of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.183 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4844 July 7, 2015 
Congress who also represents the coast-
al State of Maine, I know the deep con-cerns that people have about the poten-tial dangers of offshore oil drilling and the possible dangers to the fisheries, marine mammals, and a whole variety of other things. The reason we have this process is it is critically important to our State. 
Mr, Chairman, I continue to oppose 
this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. 
L
OUDERMILK ). The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UDSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . HUDSON  
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to issue, imple-ment, administer, or enforce any regulation of particulate matter emissions from resi-dential barbecues. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from North Carolina. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
tonight to offer an amendment that would prohibit the EPA from regu-lating particulate matter emissions from residential barbecues. 
As you may recall, last August, the 
EPA issued a grant to ‘‘perform re-search and develop preventative tech-nology that will reduce fine particulate emissions from residential barbecues.’’ 
The EPA gets a lot of things wrong, 
especially with this preposterous study. For one thing, ‘‘barbecue’’ is a term us southerners use to talk about the best pork in North Carolina or a community pig picking. 
What they are proposing is reducing 
emissions from residential propane grills, which means they want to stop you and me from grilling outside on our own property. By the way, propane is one of the most clean and efficient sources of energy out there. 
Regulations that waste our time, 
money, and resources are bad as it is, but they are trying to go as far as re-stricting our personal freedom. 
Mr. Chairman, this grant was met 
with staunch opposition from conserv-atives and other outdoor enthusiasts like myself. If this isn’t part of EPA’s larger goal of regulating grill emis-sions, then it begs the question why 
they are wasting our hard-earned tax dollars on this mind-boggling study in the first place. 
We have seen overreaches by the EPA 
time and time again, from their flawed waters of the USA regulation to their disastrous clean power plan that is cap- and-trade by fiat to their new ground level ozone regulations that would have a catastrophic impact on manu-facturing in this country; but now, they are studying limiting emissions from residential grills. Enough is enough. 
Mr. Chairman, it is summer, and it is 
grilling season. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Maine is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate the concerns of the Member from North Carolina, and I will give him credit. They have better barbecue than my home State. We have got you beat on lobsters, but that is how it goes. 
I want to say I think this argument 
is somewhat cynical and a little too suspicious of our government; perhaps Republicans have gotten too far down this road. 
My understanding is this summer, a 
conservative media outlet ran a sensa-tionalized story about EPA’s regu-latory overreach. The story claimed that EPA has its eyes on pollution from backyard barbecues. The problem with the story and this amendment is that it is based on a false premise and a mischaracterization of important work. 
EPA operates a successful and inno-
vative grant program that encourages students around the Nation to design solutions for a sustainable future. It is called People, Prosperity, and the Planet Student Design Competition for Sustainability. Its purpose is to foster innovation, not to create regulations. 
The EPA awarded one of these design 
grants to a group of University of Cali-fornia students working to design a system to make barbecues burn cleaner and be better for the environment. The students received $15,000 from the EPA for the idea. In addition, the university has said the idea has potential for glob-al application. 
Mr. Chair, in many developing na-
tions, women hunch over traditional cook stoves for hours a day, breathing in toxic smoke. Exposure to this house-hold air pollution is responsible for low birth weights, childhood pneumonia, and more than 4 million premature deaths each year. 
The availability of cleaner cooking 
technologies could literally be life-saving for many of these women and children. Instead of attacking the EPA for these innovative grants, we should be applauding them. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentlewoman for her kind com-ments about North Carolina barbecue. I do admit the lobster rolls in Maine are pretty good. Maybe we can work out some kind of exchange. 
The gentlewoman is right. I am 
guilty as charged. I am cynical and suspicious of the Federal Government, particularly the EPA, when you look at the some of the things they are spending our tax dollars on and some of the rules they are proposing. 
Let’s get serious. We are talking 
about a $15 million grant to study the emissions of a propane grill in your backyard. 
Now, we all are concerned about 
toxic smoke in homes and living condi-tions of individuals—the example that was mentioned—but we are talking about a propane gas grill in your back-yard. The EPA has no business regu-lating that. They have spent $15 mil-lion of our tax money to form a study, which is the first step in a rulemaking process. 
I think this Chamber needs to say 
loud and clear to the EPA: focus on the job that the gentlewoman described, focus on the real issues and the mission of the EPA, and keep your hands off our grills in our backyards. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I am happy 
to have an exchange—North Carolina barbecue, Maine lobster. It is probably a pretty fair exchange. 
I just want to clarify. It is $15,000, 
not $15 million that the EPA spent working on this innovation. 
I understand your concerns, and I ap-
preciate the points that you brought up. 
Mr. Chairman, I continue to oppose 
the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
UD-
SON). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . FITZPATRICK  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
FOREST LEGACY PROGRAM  
SEC. ll. For ‘‘Department of Agri-
culture—Forest Service—State and Private Forestry’’ for the Forest Legacy program, as authorized by section 1217 of Title XII of the Food, Agriculture, Conservation and Trade Act of 1990 (16 U.S.C. 2103c), there is hereby appropriated, and the amount otherwise pro-vided for ‘‘Department of the Interior—Bu-reau of Land Management—Management of Lands and Resources’’ is reduced by, $5,985,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.185 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4845 July 7, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
b2315 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Chairman, I 
intend to offer and then withdraw this amendment which will make it easier for land preservation efforts, including under the Federal Forest Legacy Pro-gram. 
During my time as a local official in 
Pennsylvania as a Bucks County com-missioner, I was proud to lead local ef-forts to preserve the beauty of the countryside and the Bucks County landscape, while advancing smarter de-velopment initiatives to reclaim brownfields through commonsense con-servation efforts. 
Along with a task force for that pur-
pose, our community was able to ex-pend approximately $100 million for the preservation of farmland, parkland, and critical natural areas, close to about 15,000 acres in our one county preserved. 
Now, as a strong advocate for land 
preservation in Congress, I continue to be a supporter of vital conservation programs, including the United States Forest Service’s Forest Legacy Pro-gram. 
My amendment today would reallo-
cate $5.9 million from the Bureau of Land Management, Management of Lands and Resources, to the Forest Legacy Program for the purpose of fully funding two additional preserva-tion projects. 
The Forest Legacy Program is a Fed-
eral program that supports and encour-ages State and private efforts to pro-tect environmentally sensitive forestlands. The program helps the States develop and carry out their for-est conservation plans, while encour-aging and supporting acquisition of conservation easements without re-moving the property from private own-ership. 
Most conservation easements restrict 
development, require sustainable for-estry practices, and protect other val-ues. 
The additional funding my amend-
ment provides will allow for the pro-tection of 4,000 acres of Pennsylvania forests in the Northeast Connection. 
Mr. Chairman, the Northeast Connec-
tion is a collaboration between the Pennsylvania Department of Conserva-tion and Natural Resources and three groups of over 150 families to conserve more than 4,000 contiguous forest acres which serve as a natural bridge be-tween the 84,000-acre Delaware State Forest, which is managed by the Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania, and the 77,000-acre Delaware Water Gap Na-tional Recreation Area, managed by the National Park Service. 
I believe this project is a crucial ob-
jective to preserving Pennsylvania’s and our Nation’s natural resources and beauty. 
Again, I want to thank the chairman 
for his hard work on the underlying bill. I look forward to working with the chairman on robust funding for this 
program. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I yield to the 
gentleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. I certainly appreciate 
the gentleman yielding me time, and I appreciate the gentleman’s willingness to work with us. 
We support the Forest Legacy Pro-
gram, and I pledge to you we will con-tinue to work with you and other sup-porters of the program as we move this process along. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I thank the 
chairman for his desire to provide addi-tional resources, if possible, to the For-est Legacy Program. It is a great pro-gram for our Nation, well utilized by States and local communities and pri-vate landowners. I look forward to working with the chairman. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous con-
sent to withdraw the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON OF  
PENNSYLVANIA  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO TREAT NORTH -
ERN LONG -EARED BAT AS ENDANGERED SPE -
CIES 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service or any other agen-cy of the Department of the Interior to treat the northern long-eared bat as an endan-gered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, the U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service has released a final 4(d) rule listing the northern long-eared bat as ‘‘threatened’’ under the Endangered Species Act. 
While certain colonies of the species 
of bat have seen dramatic population losses in recent years, Fish and Wild-life has repeatedly asserted that the underlying fundamental cause is a fungal disease known as the white-nose syndrome. 
White-nose syndrome does not di-
rectly kill or harm these bats. Rather, it wakes them out of hibernation, re-sulting in the bats burning through stored fat and leaving their hibernacula in search of food when none is often found or available. 
I am pleased that the underlying leg-
islation contains funding for white- nose syndrome research. Bats play a critical role in the ecosystem, and 
more needs to be done in order to re-store colonies devastated by white- nose. 
However, as we allow for necessary 
habitat conservation, we must also en-sure that activities occurring in the bats’ range are not unreasonably or un-necessarily impacted as a result of the Endangered Species Act listing. 
Specifically, such a listing could 
have great impacts on forest manage-ment, forest products, agriculture, en-ergy production, mining, and commer-cial development. Because this species of bat is found in 38 States and Wash-ington, D.C., a listing under the Endan-gered Species Act would have signifi-cant impacts through this enormous geographical range. 
My amendment is simple. It merely 
prohibits the Department of the Inte-rior, for a period of 1 year, from consid-ering any new rules beyond the final 4(d) rule or any action to treat the northern long-eared bat as endangered, which is the most restrictive form of ESA listing. 
The intention is to ensure reasonable 
land use within the bats’ range while Fish and Wildlife continues to research and work with the States on finding treatments for white-nose syndrome. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would prohibit the Fish and Wildlife Service from treating the northern long-eared bat as endangered under the Endangered Species Act. 
Fish and Wildlife Service listed the 
northern long-eared bat as threat-ened—threatened—with an interim rule in April of this year. Since the bat was listed as threatened and not endan-gered, this amendment would have no effect on the Service’s implementation of the rule. 
Even though the amendment has no 
practical effect, I strongly oppose its intent, which runs counter to the fun-damental principle that science should govern our determinations under our environmental laws. 
Bats are critically important to the 
ecosystem, and a study published in Science magazine found the value of pest control services provided by in-sect-eating bats in the United States ranges from the low of $3.7 billion to the high of $53 billion a year. 
Additionally, researchers warn that 
notable economic losses to North American agriculture could occur in the next 4 to 5 years as a result of emerging threats to bat populations. Bats play an important role in our economy when it comes to eliminating pests. 
The primary factor threatening the 
northern long-eared bat is a functional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.189 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4846 July 7, 2015 
disease called white-nose syndrome, as 
has been mentioned. However, because this disease has reduced populations of the bat, human activities that might not have been significant in the past are now having a greater effect. 
It is appropriate that Fish and Wild-
life Service is taking steps to protect the species, but we should be sup-porting the Fish and Wildlife Service in its efforts. We should be supporting them, not blocking the agency from doing its job. 
So I rise in opposition to this amend-
ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentle-woman for her perspectives. Certainly, a number of those points I agree with— the value of the bats—as chairman of the Conservation and Forestry Sub-committee. In agriculture, bats serve a very important purpose. 
I also agree with her premise, al-
though I think her interpretation of what the science is is somewhat mis-guided. The science is extremely im-portant, and the science has shown, in fact, the agency responsible for over-sight on the Endangered Species Act has publicly acknowledged, that any job-crushing restrictions on industries related to habitat under an endangered listing with these bats will not help the northern long-eared bats. The threat really is going to an endangered listing which would do that. 
I would agree that the Fish and Wild-
life Service needs resources and, quite frankly, they are getting those. Just last week they released $1 million to-ward studying the white-nose syn-drome. Within this underlying bill, I believe there is an amount of $10 mil-lion to study the white-nose syndrome. It is a fungus. It is not habitat, and it is not the industries that work within those habitats. 
And so, quite frankly, we need to 
give the Fish and Wildlife Service what they need, and that is the support that they have already, that they released last week through many grants throughout many States, and the un-derlying $10 million in this underlying bill. 
I would just ask for support of my 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
read from the amendment: 
None of the funds made available by this 
Act may be used by Fish and Wildlife or any other service or agency in the Department of the Interior to treat the northern long-eared bat as an endangered species. 
Well, first off, I reiterate again, it is 
listed as threatened, not as endan-gered. And this amendment doesn’t even address the role the Forest Serv-ice would still have. So this is a poorly constructed amendment. 
We need to be very, very careful and 
very thoughtful when we write these amendments and make sure that we not only give Fish and Wildlife the tools that they need, that when some-thing is threatened and not endan-
gered, whether it is the Forest Service, Interior, or whether it is U.S. Fish and Wildlife, we need to let them do their job based on the science. 
Mr. Chairman, I do not support the 
amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used to implement or en-force the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
The Preble’s meadow jumping mouse 
is a tiny rodent with a body approxi-mately 3 inches long, with a 4- to 6- inch tail and large hind feet adapted for jumping. This largely nocturnal mouse lives primarily in streamside ecosystems along the foothills of southeastern Wyoming south to Colo-rado Springs in my district, along the front range of Colorado. To evade pred-ators, the mouse can jump like a mini-ature kangaroo, up to 18 inches high, using its 6-inch-long whiplike tail as a rudder to switch directions in midair. 
But the little acrobat’s most famous 
feat was its leap onto the Endangered Species list in May 1998, a move that has hindered development in moist meadows and streamside areas from Colorado Springs, Colorado, to Lar-amie, Wyoming. 
Among many projects that have been 
affected: the Jeffco Parkway southeast of Rocky Flats, an expansion of Chatfield Reservoir, and housing devel-opments in El Paso County along trib-utaries of Monument Creek. Builders, landowners, and local governments in affected areas have incurred hundreds of millions of dollars in added costs be-cause of the mouse. Protecting the mouse has even been placed ahead of protecting human life, and let me ex-plain why that is the case. 
On September 11, 2013, Colorado expe-
rienced a major flood event which dam-aged or destroyed thousands of homes, important infrastructure, and public works projects. And while Colorado has come a long way in rebuilding, there remains a lot of work to be done. 
As a result of the Preble’s mouse’s 
listing as an endangered species, many restoration projects were delayed as 
Colorado sought a waiver. In fact, FEMA was so concerned that they sent out a notice that stated, ‘‘legally re-quired review may cause some delay in projects undertaken in the Preble’s mouse habitat.’’ 
b2330 
It goes on to warn that ‘‘local offi-
cials who proceed with projects with-out adhering to environmental laws risk fines and could lose Federal fund-ing for their projects.’’ While a waiver was eventually granted, the fact re-mains that the scientific evidence does not justify these delays or the millions of taxpayer dollars that go toward pro-tecting a rodent that is actually part of a larger group that roams through-out half of the North American con-tinent. 
Several recent scientific studies have 
concluded that the Preble’s mouse does not warrant protection because it isn’t a subspecies at all and is actually part of the Bear Lodge jumping mouse popu-lation. Even the scientist that origi-nally classified this mouse as a sub-
species has since recanted his work. 
Moreover, the Preble’s mouse has a 
low conservation priority score, mean-ing the hundreds of millions of dollars already spent on protection efforts could have been better spent on other, more fragile species or other uses to accomplish good. 
The threats that development and 
transportation allegedly pose to the mouse have been greatly overstated. Ample regulations already in place minimize the impact of development on this species. 
My amendment would correct the in-
justice that has been caused by an in-accurate listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse and refocus the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s efforts on species that have been thoroughly sci-entifically vetted and that actually should come under the Endangered Species Act. 
Mr. Chairman, I encourage my col-
leagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would prohibit Fish and Wildlife Service from treating the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act and would re-strict, again, the Fish and Wildlife Service from offering any of the crit-ical protections to preserve the species. 
This amendment is in addition to a 
growing list of anti-Endangered Spe-cies Act provisions, and it makes one wonder if—for the number of people here who are opposing the work that Fish and Wildlife is doing under the Endangered Species Act—if the intent isn’t just to do away with the entire act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.192 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4847 July 7, 2015 
Last year, Fish and Wildlife reviewed 
two petitions to delist the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse and deter-mined that protections under the En-dangered Species were still necessary. 
Voting for this amendment might 
undo a lot of work that was done that is well on its way to having this mouse removed from the endangered species list because this amendment ignores the determination and short-circuits the statutory process informed by science. 
I would certainly think that a rider 
on this bill is not the place to have a robust debate about how close we are maybe with Fish and Wildlife being able to delist this mouse and, by put-ting this language in the bill, that it undoes a lot of potentially good work. 
It throws out, with this amendment, 
the carefully science-based work, as I said, that the Fish and Wildlife Service has worked towards and chips away at the very foundation of the Endangered Species Act, which makes me wonder, as I said earlier, if the intent of many of the amendments being offered is not only to chip away but to do away with the Endangered Species Act. 
Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, all I 
will say in response is that this is a subspecies—actually, it is not even a species or subspecies. It should have never been listed in the first place. 
The science shows that it is actually 
part of the Bear Lodge jumping mouse population. For that reason, it shouldn’t even be on the list in the first place. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, to 
the gentleman’s remarks, this is not the place—as a rider on the environ-mental appropriations bill—to be hav-ing these thoughtful discussions. If that is what needs to take place, this is not the bill to be doing it on. I mean, we have an authorizing committee. They can hear things on it; and you can have a robust, full, transparent dis-cussion and bring all the scientists in. 
Let me close with this: I would be 
really remiss if I did not remind my colleagues that the Endangered Species Act, in fact, did rescue the bald eagle. The bald eagle’s recovery is an Amer-ican success story because we were united in the belief that this was the symbol of our Nation and was worth protecting for the continuing benefit of future generations. 
It feels like we have lost sight of 
being able to do that today, especially with the lack of transparency and full debate that takes place with all these riders being offered on an authoriza-tion bill. 
Congress needs to give serious con-
sideration of what kind of conservation legacy we are leaving for our children, and our children will want us to do a better job than just to put riders onto an appropriations bill. I urge my col-leagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
one other amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement or en-force the threatened species or endangered species listing of any plant or wildlife that has not undergone a review as required by section 4(c)(2) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533(c)(2) et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment is 
straightforward. It simply ensures that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has to follow section 4(c)(2) of the Endan-gered Species Act by conducting a re-view of all threatened and endangered plants and wildlife at least once every 5 years. It prohibits any funds in the bill from being used to implement or enforce the listing of any plant or wild-life that has not undergone the review as required by law. 
Under the Endangered Species Act, 
the purpose of a 5-year review is to en-sure that threatened and endangered species have the appropriate level of protection. The reviews assess each threatened and endangered species to determine whether its status has changed since the time of its listing or its last status review and whether it should be removed from the list, delisted; reclassified from endangered to threatened, downlisted; reclassified from threatened to endangered, uplisted; or maintain its current classi-fication. You can find all this on the Web site of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. 
Because the Endangered Species Act 
grants extensive protection to a spe-cies, including harsh penalties for land-owners and other citizens, it makes sense to verify if a plant or animal should be on the list in the first place. 
Despite this commonsense require-
ment, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice has acknowledged that it has ne-glected its responsibility to conduct the required reviews for hundreds of listed species. 
For example, in Florida alone, it was 
found that 77 species out of a total of 124 protected species in that State were overdue for a 5-year review. In other words, the government had not fol-lowed the law for a staggering 62 per-cent of species in that State. 
In California, the U.S. Fish and Wild-
life Service acknowledged that it had failed to follow the law for roughly 
two-thirds of the State’s species listed under the Endangered Species Act and was forced by the courts to conduct the required reviews of 194 species. 
By enforcing the 5-year review, which 
is in current law, my amendment will ensure that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is using the best available sci-entific information in implementing its responsibilities under the Endan-gered Species Act, including incor-porating new information through pub-lic comment and assessing ongoing conservation efforts. These are things we should all be in agreement with. 
I encourage my colleagues to join me 
in ensuring that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service follows the Endan-gered Species Act, that we do not pro-vide money in this bill that would vio-late current law. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment, again, would prohibit the Fish and Wildlife Service from imple-menting or enforcing the Endangered Species Act listing for any species that has not undergone a review. This amendment joins a growing list of anti- Endangered Species Act provisions. 
The amendment would block the list-
ing of any species that does not receive status review by Fish and Wildlife Service every 5 years. Fish and Wildlife Service is required to do a 5-year re-view every 5 years after a species is listed. However, with over 1,500 domes-tic listed species, that would amount to over 300 status reviews every year. 
Why hasn’t Fish and Wildlife done it? 
Well, it is because we—Congress—do not provide Fish and Wildlife Service with enough resources to complete such a large task. 
Follow the law? They would love to. 
In fact, this bill that we are consid-ering right now includes a 50 percent— a 50 percent—cut in the listing pro-gram. Now, how can they follow the law when Congress doesn’t put any tools in the toolbox allowing them to do their job? 
I really have to wonder if this House 
is prepared to appropriate the millions of dollars that would be needed to meet the requirement of this amendment. 
Fish and Wildlife Service already fol-
lows a transparent, science-based list-ing process. This amendment only seeks to undermine the Endangered Species Act because there is not enough money in here that Congress provides Fish and Wildlife to do the job in the fashion that Congress has asked it to do. 
In order to list a species under the 
Endangered Species Act, the Fish and Wildlife Service follows a strict legal process known as a rulemaking proce-dure. The first step in assessing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.195 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4848 July 7, 2015 
status of the species is the Fish and 
Wildlife Service publishes a notice of reviews that identify the species that is believed to meet the definition of threatened or endangered. The species are candidates. 
Now, these notices of review then, 
the Fish and Wildlife Service goes out and seeks biological information to complete the status of the reviews for the candidate species; then the Fish and Wildlife Service publishes those notices in the Federal Register so the process is transparent to the public. 
As you can see, the Fish and Wildlife 
Service follows an open, transparent policy that adequately reviews the spe-cies prior to listing. This amendment would exploit a 5-year review backlog that has been caused in part by this Congress’ unwillingness to provide ade-quate funding in order to attack the endangered species list. Let’s be trans-parent about that. 
The Endangered Species Act exists to 
offer necessary protections to ensure species survival. Quite frankly, the ma-jority of our constituents support that. Let’s make sure that science and spe-cies management practices continue to dictate species listings, not Congress; and let’s figure out a way to come to-gether, as the gentleman said, to give Fish and Wildlife the tools that they need in order that they can follow the laws that Congress has requested them to follow and not do a smoke and mir-ror show about how Fish and Wildlife is 
refusing to follow the law. 
They can only do what they are able 
to do with the dollars that Congress appropriates to them. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I am 
glad that my colleague from Minnesota acknowledged that it is required under the law for Fish and Wildlife Service to do these 5-year reviews. I thank her for admitting that. 
Their budget is approximately $1.4 
billion, and they are able to prioritize within that $1.4 billion where they spend their resources. It is not Con-gress’ fault. They just haven’t made it a priority. They should make it a pri-ority to follow the law. They can do these few hundred reviews every year out of $1.4 billion, I am sure. 
I would ask my colleagues to support 
this amendment. Let’s require this agency to follow the laws that are on the books. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to be really clear. This bill now includes a 50 percent cut to the listing program. The listing program is money that Congress puts in it to do the re-views. Congress cut it by 50 percent. 
They can’t just transfer money 
around. We have handcuffed and tied up the Fish and Wildlife Service by the amount of funding that Congress gives them to do their job. 
They don’t wake up in the morning 
and say: We don’t want to follow the law. They wake up in the morning, and 
they see how much Congress has appro-priated them. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Will the gentle-
woman yield? 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. I just want to point 
out that what you are talking about would be in the future. I am talking about the current status of them not following the law by doing the reviews. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Reclaiming my 
time, they do not have the funding. 
b2345 
Congress has not given them the 
funding in the listing program to do their job. Congress needs to be held ac-countable for the 300 listings not being able to be done every year because Con-gress has failed to give them the money to do the laws that Congress passed. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to take any of the actions described as a ‘‘backstop’’ in the De-cember 29, 2009, letter from EPA’s Regional Administrator to the States in the Water-shed and the District of Columbia in re-sponse to the development or implementa-tion of a State’s watershed implementation and referred to in enclosure B of such letter. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment sim-
ply prohibits the EPA from using the Chesapeake Bay total maximum daily load and the Watershed Implementa-tion Plans to take over States’ water quality strategies, protecting the 10th Amendment rights of States across the Nation from the heavy hand of the EPA. This amendment makes it clear that Congress intended for the Clean Water Act to be State led, not subject to the whims of politicians and bureau-crats in Washington, D.C. 
Over the last several years, the EPA 
has implemented a total maximum daily load plan for the Chesapeake Bay watershed which strictly limits the amount of nutrients that can enter the Chesapeake Bay. While a laudable goal and one I support in principle, through its implementation, the EPA has basi-cally given every State in the water-shed an ultimatum—either the State 
does exactly what the EPA says, or it faces the threat of an EPA takeover of their water quality programs. In some cases, the EPA will even rewrite the States’ water quality plans if they dis-agree with the States’ decisions. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to make it per-
fectly clear that this amendment would not stop the EPA from working with the States to restore the Chesa-peake Bay, nor would it in any way un-dermine the cleanup efforts already un-derway. I repeat, our amendment does not stop the TMDL or watershed imple-mentation plans from moving forward, and it does not prevent the EPA from working cooperatively with the States to help restore the Chesapeake Bay. 
This amendment is very carefully 
crafted to address the 10th Amendment federalism issues that the EPA is en-croaching upon and does not address the States’ laudable goals of con-tinuing to improve the health of the Chesapeake Bay. 
The States should be able to use any 
resources the EPA may have available to help develop and implement a strat-egy to restore the Bay. This amend-ment only stops the ability of the EPA to step in and take over a State’s plan—again, ensuring states’ rights re-main intact and not usurped by the EPA. 
Mr. Chairman, the Bay is a national 
treasure, and I want to see it restored. But we know that in order to achieve this goal, the States and the EPA must work together. The EPA cannot be al-lowed to railroad the States and micro-manage the process. 
With this amendment, we are simply 
telling the EPA to respect the impor-tant role States play in implementing the Clean Water Act and help prevent another Federal power grab by the ad-ministration. 
Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 
to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ALVERT ). 
Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I certainly agree with 
the amendment, and I urge adoption of the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I seek 
time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Maryland is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, here 
we go again, yet another fix in search of a problem. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
Mr. G
OODLATTE ’s amendment. It would 
deliberately undermine the crucial work that is already being done to re-habilitate the Chesapeake Bay. It would also undermine the historic Fed-eral-State partnership that has done so much already to improve the quality of the Bay and its surroundings. 
Mr. Chairman, the Chesapeake Bay is 
a national treasure. It is the Nation’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.197 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4849 July 7, 2015 
largest estuary. It benefits all Ameri-
cans, and especially those living in the six States that comprise the Bay wa-tershed: Maryland, Virginia, West Vir-
ginia, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New York, and the District of Columbia. 
The States in the Chesapeake Bay 
watershed, including the gentleman’s own home State of Virginia, have been working together for over 40 years to clean up the Bay. And guess what, Mr. Chairman? It is working. 
The Chesapeake Bay Program’s most 
recent interim report shows that tre-mendous progress has been made. States are meeting the pollution reduc-tion goals in their plans. In fact, some are exceeding them. Studies show that so-called ‘‘dead zones’’ are shrinking, and key populations such as oysters are starting to rebound. 
Under the Chesapeake Clean Water 
Blueprint, States develop and imple-ment their own pollution reduction plans. The EPA set up an initial frame-work, but the details of how each State chooses to reach the targets, in fact, are State-driven and State-imple-mented. My own home State of Mary-land has created a plan to reduce its ni-trogen levels by 46 percent, phosphorus by 48 percent, and sediment by 28 per-cent below the benchmark 1985 levels. 
Of course, each of the Bay watershed 
States depends on the other States to implement these plans simultaneously and in good faith. After all, Mr. Chair-man, watersheds don’t stop at the State borders, and the kind of go-it- alone approach that seems to be advo-cated by the majority has never worked for environmental issues, and it will not work to preserve and to save the Chesapeake Bay. 
Failure, for example, by one State to 
do its part threatens the work and hun-dreds of millions of dollars that all the other States have invested in their plans. I don’t want to see Maryland’s work jeopardized because another State in the watershed doesn’t meet its responsibilities. And only the EPA can stand as the arbiter to make sure that that is true. 
So, Mr. Chairman, as a safety meas-
ure against that kind of bad faith by one of the partners, the EPA has back-stop actions that it can take to ensure that the other States’ investments are preserved. These backstop actions are not new authorities, but they are exist-ing authorities that the EPA can use to make the needed pollution reductions. That has been part of the partnership for 40 years. 
In fact, just yesterday, the U.S. Third 
Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadel-phia unanimously affirmed the EPA’s authority to place restrictions on wastewater treatment and runoff by farms and construction. The EPA places limits on the amount of nitro-gen, phosphorus, and sediment that are allowed in the watershed and, thus, into the Bay. This is known as the total maximum daily load, or TMDL, of chemical runoff that the Bay’s wa-tershed can handle while still meeting water quality standards. The court in its decision strongly af-
firmed that ‘‘the States and EPA could, working together, best allocate the benefits and burdens of lowering pollution.’’ It is, in fact, an acknowl-edgment that this is a partnership that requires the full participation of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
Mr. Chairman, the goal of the part-
nership is not just an environmental one. According to a peer-reviewed re-port by the Chesapeake Bay Founda-tion, the economic impact of full im-plementation of the Clean Water Blue-print is more than $22 billion annually. Yet this amendment by one of Vir-ginia’s own Members actually threat-ens that partnership by barring the EPA from using funds to take any backstop actions. It would allow one State to break its agreement and cease implementing the plan. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I would 
urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, 
may I ask how much time is remaining on each side. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing, and the gentlewoman from Mary-land’s time has expired. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMP -
SON), the chairman of the pertinent 
subcommittee in the Agriculture Com-mittee. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of Mr. G
OODLATTE ’s amendment. 
Since 2009, I have been hearing di-
rectly from my constituents—many of who are small farmers—about the sig-nificant challenges and costs of the Chesapeake Bay total maximum daily load mandate. These significant con-cerns also extend to the State and local governments because of the billions of dollars in direct costs and new regu-latory burdens that TMDL imposes. No doubt the Chesapeake Bay is a national treasure, but it is quickly becoming the national treasury with all these costs and taxes upon our States and local municipalities. 
The Agriculture Committee’s Con-
servation and Forestry Subcommittee, which I have the honor of chairing, has also heard directly from the stake-holders over the past few Congresses. 
While each and every one of these 
witnesses wholeheartedly supports the restoration of the Chesapeake Bay, there remains great concern over the lack of consistent models, the heavy- handed approach of TMDL, and the lack of needed flexibility while imple-menting the WIPs. This amendment is needed in order to allow for that flexi-bility at the State and local levels. 
Pennsylvania has been very innova-
tive in our efforts to do our part with the Bay restoration, and that innova-tion will continue into the future. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
am pleased to yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. I 
thank the chairman. 
However, rather than acting puni-
tively, EPA must work collaboratively with the States. 
Mr. Chairman, I strongly support 
this amendment, and I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself the balance of the time. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania. He is quite right. This is very costly for the States. The State of Virginia has esti-mated a cost of over $16 billion to com-ply with the backstop requirements of the EPA. That is just one of the six States. 
Secondly, the EPA has been asked re-
peatedly, including in hearings con-ducted by the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania in his subcommittee and at my request and the request of others, to do a cost-benefit analysis to show us that the multi-tens of billions of dollars that these six States will collectively spend will be reflected in improve-ments to the quality of the Chesapeake Bay. They have never provided that cost-benefit analysis. 
Finally, Mr. Chairman, I would say 
to the gentlewoman from Maryland, she also is quite right that tremendous progress has been made in improving the health of the Chesapeake Bay, but almost all of it prior to the President taking his pen and signing the execu-tive order that contains this backstop language that we need to stop and re-turn the power to the State and local governments. 
Sedimentation, phosphorus, and ni-
trogen are all down more than 40 per-cent—sedimentation more than 50 per-cent going into the Bay. The Bay is im-proving in its health because of the work done by the States. They should have the authority to do this without having the EPA hold a gun to their head. 
Mr. Chairman, that is why this 
amendment should be passed, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I thank Ms. 
M
CCOLLUM for her work on this bill and to 
BOBBY SCOTT and D ONBEYER for joining me 
in this effort. I rise in opposition to this amend-ment. 
Just yesterday, the 3rd Circuit Court of Ap-
peals upheld EPA authority to set Chesapeake Bay pollution limits, which have led to the best cleanup progress in over 25 years. For the Bay, as with so many other waters across the country, the Clean Water Act backstop is crit-ical to ensure that states are meeting their commitments. 
In Maryland, we have cities working to man-
age stormwater and farmers implementing best management practices to stop runoff. But for all our efforts, we will never have a clean and healthy Bay if pollution runs downstream from Pennsylvania, New York, or West Vir-ginia. 
With our enormous watershed, encom-
passing 64,000 square miles, six States, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.200 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4850 July 7, 2015 
D.C., everyone must do their fair share. And 
to do that is through the Clean Water Act’s Federal backstop. I strongly oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-
ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MRS . BLACK  
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to finalize, imple-ment, administer, or enforce section 1037.601(a)(1) of title 40, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, as proposed to be revised under the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Fuel Efficiency Standards for Medium- and Heavy-Duty Engines and Vehi-cles - Phase 2’’ signed by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency on June 19, 2015 (Docket No. EPA–HQ–OAR–2014- 0827), or any rule of the same substance, with respect to glider kits and glider vehicles (as defined in section 1037.801 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, as proposed to be re-vised under such proposed rule). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Tennessee. 
b0000 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment to pro-tect Tennessee workers and small man-ufacturing businesses from the EPA’s latest overreach. 
Last month, the EPA released its 
Phase 2 fuel-efficiency and emissions standards for new medium-and heavy- duty trucks. 
While many in the trucking industry 
are not opposed to this rule as a whole, one section in the proposal wrongly ap-plies these new standards to what is known as glider kits. 
I recently toured a business in my 
district that manufactures these kits. For those who don’t know, a glider kit is a group of truck parts that can in-clude a brand-new frame, cab, or axles, but does not include an engine or transmission. 
Since a glider kit is less expensive 
than buying a new truck and can ex-tend the working life of a truck, busi-nesses and drivers with damaged or older vehicles may choose to purchase one of these kits instead of buying a completely new vehicle. 
Unfortunately, the EPA is proposing 
to apply the new Phase 2 standards to glider kits, even though the gliders are 
not really new vehicles. 
Mr. Chairman, this directly impacts 
my district where we have glider kits being manufactured and purchased by companies in places like Byrdstown, Sparta, and Jamestown, communities that are already struggling with an above average unemployment and would see job opportunities put further out of reach if this misguided rule goes into effect. 
It is also unclear whether the EPA 
even has the authority to regulate re-placement parts like gliders in the first place. 
Once more, while the EPA’s stated 
goal with Phase 2 is to reduce green-house gas emissions, the Agency has not studied the emissions impact of re-manufactured engines and gliders com-pared to new vehicles. 
Mr. Chairman, if the EPA is going to 
promulgate rules that raise costs and hurt jobs in districts like mine, the least they could do is to have a few facts prepared to back them up. 
Under this ill-advised rule, businesses 
and drivers that wish to use glider kits would be effectively forced to buy a completely new vehicle instead. Reduc-ing glider sales would also end up lim-iting consumer choice in the market-place. 
That is why my amendment protects 
businesses, jobs, and consumers by pro-hibiting the EPA from moving forward with this Phase 2 standard on glider kits. 
To be clear, this amendment would 
not—would not—bar the EPA from im-plementing the whole Phase 2 rule for new medium- and heavy-duty trucks. It would simply clarify that glider kits and glider vehicles are not new trucks as the EPA wrongly claims. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
commonsense amendment to help sup-port American manufacturing and stop the EPA from attempting to shut down the glider industry. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentle-
woman yield? 
Mrs. BLACK. I yield to the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
It is my understanding that the pro-
posed rule is supported broadly by many in the trucking manufacturing industry, so for that reason, I support her amendment. 
However, as with any rule, there are 
some specifics that we need to iron out. I would like to work with my colleague and with EPA to see if we can’t resolve those specifics between now and the final rule. 
In the meantime, I support including 
language in the Interior bill, and I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amend-ment. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I am 
hopeful that the discussion that the subcommittee chair and the author of the amendment might prove something better than what this amendment is currently in front of us, but what I have to work on is what is currently in front of me. 
Just over 2 weeks ago, the Environ-
mental Protection Agency and the Na-tional Highway Safety Traffic Admin-istration issued proposed fuel effi-ciency standards for medium- and heavy-duty trucks required by the En-ergy Independence and Security Act. 
This amendment would prohibit the 
EPA from finalizing, implementing, and administering or enforcing this proposed rule or any future rules—so this is where I am concerned about the way this amendment is moving for-ward—with respect to glider vehicles. 
These new standards were designed 
to improve fuel efficiency, cut carbon pollution, and reduce the impacts of climate change. To be specific, these standards are expected to lower CO
2 
emissions by roughly 1 billion metric tons, cut fuel costs by $170 million, and reduce oil consumption up to 1.8 billion barrels over the lifetime if a vehicle is sold under this program. 
Heavy trucks account for 5 percent of 
the vehicles on the road; yet they cre-ate 20 percent of the greenhouse gas emissions created by all transportation sectors. 
We know from my colleagues that 
this amendment does not actually sus-pend all aspects of the new rule. As it was pointed out, it simply carves out an exemption for one particular indus-try, an industry that produces what has been called, today, glider vehicles. 
As has been pointed out, glider vehi-
cles are heavy-duty vehicles that re-place older remanufactured engines on new truck chassis. These engines date back to 2001 or older, and they have emissions that are 20 to 40 times higher than today’s clean diesel engines. 
In essence, this amendment would 
allow an entire segment of the truck manufacturing industry to simply avoid compliance with the new criteria pollutant standards that are in the rule. These are engines that will con-tinue to emit greenhouse gases, slow down our progress, and reduce the im-pacts of climate change. 
In short, this amendment creates a 
loophole that you could drive a truck through by allowing dirty engines to continue to pollute our environment. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to once again reiterate that this is a very narrow amendment. It does not apply to new trucks, as the EPA rule indicates. 
I also want to reiterate one more 
time that they have not studied the emissions impact of these remanufac-tured engines and the gliders compared to new vehicles, so we would like to have that information as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.117 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4851 July 7, 2015 
I also want to add that the military 
also uses glider kits, and this rule would not apply to them. Once again, we are putting into place something where we say this is what the govern-ment can do, but this is what the pri-vate sector can do. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support this commonsense amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . MICA 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. 441. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement Alter-native A, Alternative C, or Alternative D, described in the Final General Management Plan and Environmental Impact Statement for Castillo de San Marcos National Monu-ment in St. Augustine, Florida, for the edu-cational center authorized by Public Law 108–480 nor shall funds be expended for a new General Management Plan other than the General Management Plan approved by record of decision published in the Federal Register September 10, 2007. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, every year, 
nearly 1.5 million visitors come to the Castillo de San Marcos and Fort Matanzas National Monuments in America’s oldest city, St. Augustine, Florida. 
Way back some 11 years ago, in De-
cember of 2004, I passed legislation au-thorizing a visitors center for Castillo de San Marcos, which was signed into law. The Castillo fortress is the largest intact Spanish fortress in the conti-nental United States, with construc-tion that was completed in 1695. 
After the authorization was signed 
into law, significant, thorough, costly, and time-consuming studies and re-ports were completed after many re-views, hearings, and public forums. 
Then in 2007, 3 years later, the Na-
tional Park Service came up with a final general management plan. This plan developed four alternatives. One was to do nothing; that was A. Two others, C and D, were to possibly build on land that will no longer be available that was going to be made available by the State and the city. That leaves one alternative. Now, this is a very simple, clarifying amendment. 
Alternative B is the one that we 
would like funds spent on. Here, we are saying no funds shall be spent to do nothing; no funds will be spent or wast-ed to go towards a project that isn’t going to happen. This is a simple, clarifying, limiting 
amendment. It would specifically limit funds from being expended on any al-ternative, except for B, which is in the plan, been in the plan. It doesn’t say that we have to do another plan; why spend more taxpayer moneys to do an-other plan? That is all it says. 
It is a simple thing to get us moving 
to proceed with the final design with-out further cost and further delaying the process. A visitors center at Castillo is long overdue, and it is over-due on St. Augustine’s 450th founding anniversary, so I urge its passage. 
Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. MICA. I yield to the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I cer-
tainly appreciate the gentleman from Florida raising this issue. I always learn new facts when we have these de-bates. I didn’t know that St. Augustine was the Nation’s oldest city. I always thought it was Santa Fe, New Mexico. 
Mr. MICA. Some people are under the 
misconception of Williamsburg. 
Mr. CALVERT. I know; but I have 
learned something today. 
I certainly commend the gentleman’s 
longstanding interest in this. I know you have been working on this for a number of years. The Castillo de San Marcos National Monument in St. Au-gustine needs a new visitors center. 
I certainly look forward to working 
with you as we move this issue for-ward, and we certainly have no objec-tion to this amendment. 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. M
ICA). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title) insert the following new section: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to hire or pay the salary of any offi-cer or employee of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency under subsection (f) or (g) of section 207 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 209) who is not already receiving pay under either such subsection on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the subcommittee chairman for his indulgence at this late hour. 
Mr. Chairman, this is an issue that 
has been under investigation by the Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations on the Energy and Commerce Committee for over the last 6 years. 
In 2006, without consultation from 
the Energy and Commerce Committee, there was included a provision in the 
annual Interior, EPA appropriations bill that allowed the Environmental Protection Agency to begin using a special pay program that was explicitly and exclusively authorized for use by the Public Health Service administra-tion under the Department of Health and Human Services. 
This special pay mechanism allows a 
government employee to leave the nor-mal GS pay scale and receive nearly uncapped compensation, upwards of $200,000 to $300,000 per year. 
This special provision was intended 
to be used only in unique cir-cumstances where, perhaps, leaders of the healthcare industry would not be able to work for the Federal Govern-ment because of pay considerations if they did not have access to these high-er salaries. 
This justification cannot be used for 
anyone at the Environmental Protec-tion Agency. Indeed, some of the em-ployees that the Environmental Pro-tection Agency pays under title 42, the part of the U.S. Code that allows for this special pay, were previous govern-ment workers and were merely moved to this special pay scale because they wanted additional money. 
b0015 
The EPA claims that, because the 
Environmental Protection Agency is a health organization, it may use this statute to pay special hires, and this, in fact, has endured for several years. Originally, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency was granted only a hand-ful of slots to fill with title 42 hires. That number is now over 50. The cost to taxpayers for these 50 employees is in the tens of millions of dollars. 
This amendment would prevent the 
Environmental Protection Agency from hiring any new employees under title 42 or from transferring current employees from the GS pay scale to title 42. It would not affect current em-ployees being paid by this provision. It would give the Energy and Commerce Committee, the authorizing com-mittee, the time it needs to address whether the Environmental Protection Agency truly deserves this special pay consideration. The General Account-ability Office looked into the abuse of title 42 several years ago and found nu-merous problems with the implementa-tion of the program. Why we would allow this problematic pay structure to be advanced by the EPA is, in fact, 
mysterious. 
In multiple hearings in the Energy 
and Commerce Committee, both Ad-ministrator Lisa Jackson and current Administrator Gina McCarthy refused to give specifics regarding this pro-gram. A Freedom of Information Act request sent to my office by the EPA union, the American Federation of Government Employees, showed that title 42 hires at the EPA are actually sowing the seeds of discontent amongst workers, with the union asking the Congress to stop this unfair hiring technique. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.204 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4852 July 7, 2015 
Both former Energy and Commerce 
Committee Chairman B ARTON and I 
have introduced legislation further clarifying that the Public Health Serv-ices Act, written for the Department of Health and Human Services, does not permit the Environmental Protection Agency to use its language to hire em-ployees under a special pay structure. This amendment prevents further abuses of the program, and I urge its adoption. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the 
EPA is one of several government agencies that uses a special authority to hire Federal employees with specific scientific research credentials. In fact, when the Republicans were the major-ity party in 2006, they started this pro-gram. The EPA didn’t start this pro-gram on its own. Congress started it in 
2006 under a Republican majority. The National Institutes of Health uses title 42 money and authority to attract top- tier scientists in their fields to do im-portant research. 
We have been listening to many 
hours this evening of many of my Re-publican colleagues criticizing the EPA’s scientific conclusions. So now it amazes me that the gentleman wants to reduce the Agency’s ability to hire the top scientists. Further, the Na-tional Academy of Sciences has favor-ably reported to the committee that the EPA is effectively utilizing its title 42 authority. If a scientist retires or moves on, the Agency would no longer be able to attract a suitable replace-ment if this amendment were to pass. 
For those who think the EPA doesn’t 
have adequate scientific basis for its regulations, they should be with me, and they should clearly vote against this amendment. We should be doing more to ensure that our environmental policies are being set by the best and the brightest. This amendment would ensure that the EPA can’t recruit new scientists using its limited title 42 au-thority, which was given to them, to the EPA, in 2006 by a Republican Con-gress. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I urge 
support of the amendment. It is clear that this program does need the scru-tiny of the authorizing committee. We are prepared to do that if this amend-ment passes. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. B
URGESS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . WESTMORELAND  
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to pay legal fees pursuant to a settlement in any case, in which the Federal Government is a party, that arises under— 
(1) the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et 
seq.); 
(2) the Federal Water Pollution Control 
Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); or 
(3) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 
U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chair-
man, the United States is facing a cri-sis of executive overreach, and nowhere else is this more true than with the En-vironmental Protection Agency. The EPA’s escalation of sue and settle cases to change the law through Fed-eral court rulings threatens our econ-omy and the ability to create jobs, not to mention bypassing the normal rule-making process. By operating hand in hand with radical environmental groups that are willing participants in these types of actions, the EPA’s use of sue and settle not only endangers the economy but also our constitutional separation of powers. 
Here is how it works: 
An organization sues the EPA or an 
agency such as the U.S. Fish and Wild-life, demanding that the agency apply the law in a new, unintended, and ex-panded way that increases the agency’s jurisdiction. The agency, rather than defending the law, enters into a con-sent decree with the party who filed the original lawsuit. A judge then signs the consent decree without significant review since the two disputing parties are in agreement. Suddenly, the agency has new, expansive powers to wield against job creators in the form of a le-gally binding settlement that creates rules and priorities outside of the nor-mal rulemaking process. Between 2009 and 2012, the EPA chose not to defend itself in over 60 of these lawsuits from special interest advocacy groups. Those 60 lawsuits resulted in settlement agreements and in the EPA’s pub-lishing more than 100 new regulations. 
Also included in these legally binding 
settlements are requirements that U.S. taxpayers must pay for the attorneys of the organization that initiated the action. According to a 2011 GAO report, between 1995 and 2010, three large envi-ronmental activist groups, like the Si-erra Club, received almost $6 million in attorneys’ fees alone. An example of sue and settle occurred with a start-up, shutdown, and malfunction rule. This was in response to a sue and settle agreement the EPA made with the Si-erra Club in 2011. 
As noted by Louisiana Senator D
AVID 
VITTER in a letter to EPA Adminis-
trator Gina McCarthy in 2013: 
Instead of defending the EPA’s own regula-
tions and the SSM provisions in the EPA-ap-proved air programs of 39 States, the EPA simply agreed to include an obligation to re-spond to the petition in the settlement of an 
entirely separate lawsuit. 
Sue and settle is made possible be-
cause, under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act, potential litigants are given broad standing to go to court be-cause Congress has defined causes of action under these laws. Under my amendment, no funds can be used to pay legal fees under any settlement re-garding any case arising under the three acts I mentioned—period, case closed, end of story. Litigants can still sue, but they will no longer be finan-cially rewarded by the American tax-payer for their efforts. 
I am hopeful that my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle will support this amendment to reduce the secretive transfer of U.S. taxpayer dollars to other organizations. By restricting Federal agencies from having the abil-ity to pay attorneys’ fees, we will not only reduce Federal spending but also reduce the incentive for these self-in-terest groups to continue suing the Federal Government and taking Amer-ican taxpayer dollars that could be used to reduce our Federal deficit. 
It is inexcusable to require taxpayers 
to pay the legal bills of environmental groups to collude with the EPA in order to expand the Agency’s abilities. This is one way Congress can fight the expansion of executive powers by this administration and its most out-of- control agency. With this amendment, Congress can ensure taxpayers are pro-tected from funding the legal efforts of environmental advocacy organizations and from arming the EPA with draco-nian enforcement powers. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in strong opposition to this amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the 
Equal Access to Justice Act is the law of the land. Within limits, it does allow for the Federal payment of legal fees to individuals and small businesses and nonprofits that are the prevailing par-ties in actions against Federal agencies unless the agency is able to show that the action was substantially justified or a special circumstance existed to make the award unjust. This law helps to deter government misconduct, and it encourages all parties, not just those with resources, to hire legal counsel to assert their rights. 
I know that my colleagues, including 
my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, will agree with me that the abil-ity to challenge Federal actions is the most important tool for ensuring gov-ernment accountability. The Clean Air Act, the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act, and the Endangered Species Act are also the law of the land, and these laws have contributed greatly to 
the protection and improvement of public health in this country. A study by a nonpartisan environmental law in-stitute found that the Equal Access to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.209 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4853 July 7, 2015 
Justice Act has been cost-effective and 
only applies to meritorious litigation, and existing legal safeguards and the independent discretion of Federal judges will continue to ensure its pru-dent application. There are safeguards in place so that this can’t be misused. 
Moreover, the claim that large envi-
ronmental groups are getting rich on attorneys’ fees is not supported by available evidence. The 2011 GAO study, which was just referenced and was at the request of the House Repub-licans, brought cases against the EPA. They found that most of those suits were brought by trade associations and private companies and that attorneys’ fees were only awarded about 8 percent of the time; and among the environ-mental plaintiffs, the majority of those cases were brought by local groups rather than by national groups. 
It is completely unfair to target 
these important environmental safe-guards for removal from the protection of the Equal Access to Justice Act. More importantly, this amendment would have serious consequences for public health. In order for our Nation’s environmental safeguards to work properly and ensure the protection of public health, citizens, including those with limited means, must have the ability to challenge Federal actions. This amendment is clearly designed to make it more difficult for regular citi-zens to ensure the accountability of the Federal Government. I urge my colleagues to defeat this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chair-
man, this does not prevent anybody from suing. This stops the EPA from this sue and settle—what I would call ‘‘scam’’—where it allows the groups or companies or whatever to come in and sue and allow them—I mentioned there were 60 different cases—the ability to make 100 new rulings that did not go through the normal rulemaking proce-dure but were done by court rulings. 
I think it is appropriate that we not 
allow taxpayer dollars to be spent on these attorneys’ fees that are being used to do this—to promote the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. Rather than going through the regular rule-making process, it is doing it by a court ruling. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the 
Equal Access to Justice Act is the law of the land. It allows for the Federal payment of legal fees, within limits, to individuals and small businesses and nonprofits which are the prevailing parties in actions against the Federal Government. 
Again, we should be mindful of the 
2011 GAO study that said, in cases brought against the EPA, it found that most suits were brought by trade asso-ciations and private companies and that attorneys’ fees were only awarded in about 8 percent of the cases. 
Citizens need to be able to hold their 
government accountable. They need to be able to petition their government, and that means a citizen with limited 
means. If that citizen wins and if the judge decides that it is just to award the costs, then that is the law of the land, which I support. Private citizens, regular citizens—citizens without means—can ensure that there is full accountability of the Federal Govern-ment to them. I urge my colleagues to defeat this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b0030 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. As I would 
like to repeat, Mr. Chairman, this does not keep anybody from suing. The in-tent of this amendment is to keep the EPA from creating rules by judicial bodies rather than a normal rule-making procedure. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. W
ESTMORE -
LAND ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . ROKITA  
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. G RAVES of 
Louisiana). The Clerk will report the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following new section: 
ENFORCEMENT OF THE ENDANGERED SPECIES  
ACT REGARDING CERTAIN MUSSELS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to enforce the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) with respect to the Clubshell, Fanshell, Rabbitsfoot, Rayed Bean, Sheepnose, or Snuffbox mussels. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Reso-
lution 333, the gentleman from Indiana and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank Chairman C
ALVERT for man-
aging the time tonight and for getting us to this point. 
By my calculation, it has been 5 
years since we have been able to have these kind of debates on the floor of the House, and here we are, at 12:30 at night. 
Speaking for myself, I have listened 
to the entire debate here tonight on the floor, starting with votes after 6:30. Mr. Chairman, I was struck by the amount of amendments having to do with the Endangered Species Act, num-ber one; and, number two, having to deal with the lists, whether threatened or endangered lists of Endangered Spe-cies Act. Clearly—and I would agree with the 
gentlewoman on the other side of the aisle on this—reform and major reform of the Endangered Species Act is need-ed. That will take some time. That dis-cussion has been ongoing. 
It is nothing that hasn’t already 
started in this Congress or in previous Congresses. I look forward to being a part of that solution in a very con-structive way. 
What about the near term? We have 
people, human constituents who are really suffering; and that is what my amendment, Mr. Chairman, is about to-night. Summer is a big time for any in-dustry that depends on tourism to sur-vive. I offer this amendment out of concern for two lake communities in my district. 
Just last year, during the height of 
the summer’s busy tourist season, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service required that the Northern Indiana Public Service Company, locally known as NIPSCO, release more water into the Tippecanoe River from Lake Freeman to protect a bed of endan-gered freshwater mussels that live fur-ther down the Tippecanoe River, all under the guise of the Endangered Spe-cies Act. 
As a result, in a matter of days, 
water levels on Lake Freeman dropped dramatically. I have visited with local residents near Lake Freeman multiple times and have seen the lake in person. Growing up during the summers, I spent my time on the sister lake, Lake Shafer. 
Many who live and work near the 
lake discovered, to their surprise, their boats were stuck, businesses were in jeopardy, and home values were going down; but more than that, stumps were rising out of the water, and personal health and safety were also in jeopardy as a result. 
Now, I immediately contacted Fish 
and Wildlife, and I want to applaud them for their responsiveness and NIPSCO for working together. We cre-ated a technical assistance letter, oth-erwise known as a TAL. It is my esti-mation that that is going to have some effect. Again, I appreciate the reason-ableness of all involved. 
The current plan there is a tem-
porary fix, and really, we ought to be able to do more. Now, currently, Fish and Wildlife receives funding to enforce the Endangered Species Act, which pro-tects six species of mussels that live in the river, as the Clerk mentioned as he read the amendment. 
The Endangered Species Act gives 
the highest priority to protected and 
listed species, and there is little any-one can do in terms of exceptions or ex-emptions or even any kind of balancing test to make sure that there is not a solution that could be a win-win. It is a very draconian law—strict compli-ance, no balancing test, no room for discretion or creative solution. That is where this reform is needed. 
The statute, like I said, provides no 
balancing test for weighing the eco-nomic harms, and the Supreme Court 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.211 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4854 July 7, 2015 
of this land has refused to allow us or 
even lower courts to construct their own test, us as citizens. Compliance with this law, as currently written, re-quires diverting water from Lake Free-man to the Tippecanoe River to bal-ance water levels, despite consider-ation of the economic impact and human safety. 
In essence, my amendment limits the 
funding mechanism Fish and Wildlife would be able to use to enforce the En-dangered Species Act with respect to these six types of mussels and elimi-nates the financial repercussions for failing to enforce the law. 
Speaking firsthand with residents, 
lowering these water levels in Lake Freeman negatively affects the com-munity and small businesses that rely on the tourists who enjoy the lake and the steady water level. Lower water levels also pose dangerous swimming conditions to both boaters and swim-mers as formerly underwater tree stumps breach the water. This is un-necessary and a preventable hazard to those who use the lake and, again, in a win-win way. 
It is all because of this draconian law 
that, although well intended, is badly in need of reform so that its practical effect can be overhauled and any of its misguided applications halted. 
Hoosiers, like myself, are just as con-
cerned for the environment as they are for their incomes and family recre-ation. It is not about antienvironmentalism, but they be-lieve, like I said, there is a win-win so-lution here, if only the law would allow such a solution to exist. In the mean-time, we ought to defund Fish and Wildlife’s ability to enforce this law as it is written. 
While I value nature and seek to pro-
tect endangered animals, the reward of protecting the mussel does not out-weigh the economic damage done to this community or the personal safety or health of my human constituents. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gen-
tleman has expired. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim time in opposition to this amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentlewoman from 
Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment would, once again, prevent Fish and Wildlife Service from enforc-ing the Endangered Species Act with respect to six different species of mus-sel and would restrict the Fish and Wildlife Service from offering any of the critical protections to preserve these species. 
This amendment is harmful and, in 
my opinion, misguided. Once a species is listed under the Endangered Species Act, it is a role of Fish and Wildlife Service—is primarily permissive, help-ing parties comply with the act as they carry out their activities, the TAL that the gentleman referred to. 
Under this amendment, all the En-
dangered Species Act prohibitions would still apply, but developers and landowners would have no avenue to 
comply with them. There could be no TAL. The Fish and Wildlife Service would be barred from issuing permits or exemptions. 
This means landowners and industry 
and other parties who might need to take any of these six species of mussels would be vulnerable to a citizens suit. Additionally, this amendment would halt Fish and Wildlife Service enforce-ment of the Endangered Species Act, which has no effect on other Federal agencies that are funded outside of this bill. 
The Endangered Species Act man-
dates that all Federal departments and agencies conserve listed species and use their authorities in furthering the purpose of this act. 
Section 7 of the Endangered Species 
Act stipulates that any Federal agency that carries out, permits, licenses, funds, or otherwise authorizes activi-ties that may affect all listed species must consult with the Fish and Wild-life Service to ensure that its actions are not likely to jeopardize the contin-ued existence of any listed species. 
This amendment would stop—stop— 
section 7 consultation requirements for Federal agencies; rather, it would pro-hibit Fish and Wildlife from com-pleting these consultations. That means a bridge or a highway project permitted or funded through the Fed-eral Highway Administration or power projects permitted by the Department of Energy would be vulnerable to delays and stoppages and other poten-tial lawsuits. 
This amendment, in my opinion, is 
an all-out assault on the Endangered Species Act. In one fell swoop, it would block protections for six different spe-cies that are currently listed as threat-ened or endangered; but, regardless of one’s position on the Endangered Spe-cies Act, it is just a bad amendment. 
The gentleman’s amendment will 
create uncertainty for developers, landowners, leaving them vulnerable to lawsuits. I don’t think that was the gentleman’s original intention, but that is the effect it will have because it will block section 7 consultations, gumming up permitting processing across the Federal Government, delay-ing projects, and adversely impacting the economy. 
The amendment is bad for the envi-
ronment. It is bad for the economy. It is bad for business. It is bad for the highways and energy projects. It is just bad for this bill. I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. 
L
OUDERMILK ). The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ATTORNEY  
FEES 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to pay attorney fees in a civil suit under section 11(g) of the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1540(g)) pursuant to a court order that states such fees were calculated at an hourly rate in excess of $125 per hour. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to express my support for the good work Chairman C
ALVERT and the 
subcommittee have done on this bill. 
This amendment, which I offered 
with my colleagues Representatives B
ILLHUIZENGA and B ILLFLORES , aligns 
attorney fee award limits for Endan-gered Species Act lawsuits with award limits for other lawsuits against the Federal Government established by the Equal Access to Justice Act. 
The Equal Access to Justice Act gen-
erally limits the hourly rate for awards of fees to prevailing attorneys to a rea-sonable $125 per hour. However, no such fee cap exists under the Endangered Species Act. As a result, ESA litigants are being awarded sums, in many cases, in excess of $600 per hour. 
The Equal Access to Justice Act was 
not intended as an extraordinary ac-cess to taxpayer dollars for environ-mental attorneys. Indeed, we heard one of my colleagues a minute ago talk about sue and settle. 
According to the GAO, the Depart-
ment of the Interior paid out over $27 million in attorney fees between 2001 and 2010; $21 million of those payments were for Endangered Species Act law-suits. Many of them settled with no court order, finding the litigants to have prevailed on the merits of the case—no finding. 
Mr. Chairman, it is time we close 
this loophole that enables excessive payouts to groups that have made a business of suing the Federal Govern-ment. There is simply no reason that one sort of lawsuit, a type commonly undertaken by entities solely engaged in continuous litigation against the government, should be paid more than any other. 
Representative H
UIZENGA sponsored a 
measure addressing this issue last ses-sion, which was passed by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. I urge your support, which would be very much appreciated, including by people like my daughter whose birthday it is tonight, so they would have a chance to be in business and not have these ex-traordinarily high fees. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.214 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4855 July 7, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentleman’s amendment would pro-hibit funds in the act from being used to pay attorney fees in excess of $125 per hour for the Endangered Species Act civil suits. 
Now, perhaps the gentleman is not 
aware that the Equal Access to Justice Act caps attorney fees at $125 per hour unless the court—the court—deter-mines that an increase in the cost of living or special factors, such as the limited availability of qualified attor-neys for the proceedings involved, jus-tifies the higher fee. 
b0045 
So it would be the court that would 
determine that. But the fee is capped at $125 an hour. This is unnecessary and it is a redundant amendment. At-torney fees for the Endangered Species Act cases, as I said, are already capped at $125 per hour, unless special criteria are stipulated by the Equal Access Jus-tice Court. 
This amendment would effectively 
change that implementation of the Equal Access Justice Act for one spe-cific policy area: the Endangered Spe-cies Act. 
Again, higher attorney fees are only 
permitted in cases where specific cri-teria under the Endangered Species Act are met. At best, this amendment is re-dundant; at worst, it is a backdoor at-tempt to undermine the Endangered Species Act protections and make ac-cess to justice a lot less equal. 
In closing, Mr. Chair, we don’t need 
any extraneous, redundant provisions to a bill that is already overburdened with harmful legislative riders. So I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. L
AMALFA. I appreciate the com-
ments by my colleague from Minnesota here, but it has been very unequal al-ready, with many, many cases being paid out at $600, $700 per hour. So this amendment seeks to actually put that cap on there. There will still be the ability for a court, in extraordinary circumstances, to make the decision of whether it should be higher. 
But I am glad I am not in the posi-
tion, like my colleague from Min-nesota, of defending $600 or $700 an hour for attorney fees for more frivo-lous environmental lawsuits that make it difficult to farm, ranch, mine, and do timber operations which are des-perately needed, especially with the conditions we have in California, with our forests as well as the drought situ-ation and trying to get work done to address that. 
So when the people watch what goes 
on here, they need to be cognizant that there are those in the government that would rather pay to $600 to $700 per hour for more frivolous environmental lawsuits while they suffer from drought or burning forests. With that, I think that this amend-
ment is very much in order because we see that these limits aren’t being fol-lowed at all under the $125 limit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . GRAVES OF  
LOUISIANA  
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill, insert after the last 
section (preceding the short title), the fol-lowing: 
S
EC.ll. None of the funds provided in this 
Act may be used in contravention of 33 U.S.C. 1319 with respect to a permit issued or required to be issued to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers pursuant to 33 U.S.C. 1344 for discharges of dredged or fill material impact-ing wetlands. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Louisiana and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Louisiana. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Chairman, Americans are tired of two standards: a standard whereby private citizens are treated one way and a standard whereby the Federal Govern-ment treats themselves in an entirely different way. 
Nothing is more apparent in this sit-
uation than where the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers grants themselves one way of complying with wetlands regu-lations, yet they impose an entirely different standard upon our private citizens. 
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers 
and the EPA go out and purport to be defenders of wetlands; good stewards of our wetlands. Yet the greatest cause of wetlands loss in the United States is actually caused by historic current and future actions of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. 
In our home State of Louisiana, we 
have lost over 1,900 square miles of our coast, and the majority of that land loss has been caused by the manage-ment or the mismanagement by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers of our coastal resources and the river re-sources, particularly the Mississippi River. 
Mr. Chairman, what this amendment 
does is it simply requires that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers comply with the same standards as anything else. If there are permits required, they have to get them. If there are mitigation re-quirements, they have to get them. 
They can no longer mismanage our coastal resources. 
This isn’t a parochial. This is an 
issue whereby the Nation truly benefits from this. This is the area where fish-ery production occurs, energy produc-tion occurs. We literally power this Na-tion’s economy and we feed American families. 
So this wetlands loss that we are ex-
periencing actually increases the vul-nerability of our coastal communities in south Louisiana and increases the demands upon FEMA and other agen-cies in response to disasters. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. I yield to 
the gentleman from California. 
Mr. CALVERT. I urge adoption of the 
gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . PERRY  
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will re-
port the amendment. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
Sec. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used on an unmanned air-craft system or to operate any such system owned by the Department of the Interior for the performance of surveying, mapping, or collecting remote sensing data. 
Mr. PERRY (during the reading). Mr. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dis-pense with the reading. 
The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection 
to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member op-posed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. PERRY. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
I thank the chairman of the com-
mittee for allowing me to offer this amendment. It prevents the Depart-ment of the Interior from competing with our local job creators in the use of UAS—unmanned aerial systems—for land surveying, mapping, imaging, and remote sensing data activities. 
There is concern that agencies like 
the USGS and the Bureau of Land Man-agement are acquiring the UAS and utilizing them on projects that can be accomplished by the private sector. We have no problem with them using them. We have no problem with them using them for forest fires and those types of things, for emergency situa-tions, but where local businesses can do this work, we think that it is unfair 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.217 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4856 July 7, 2015 
for the government to take that work 
away. 
Having the Department compete with 
local employers results in a loss of business for private geospatial firms under contract to other Federal map-ping agencies. The government is actu-ally getting a leg up on the private market by obtaining Certificates of Authorization, or COAs, and per-forming services with UAS that are otherwise commercial in nature. 
Current law and regulation permits 
private citizens and firms to operate UAS for a hobby. However, there is no effective enforcement to prevent gov-ernment abuse of such authority for commercial purposes. 
The fact that government agencies 
can operate a UAS while the private sector cannot as freely or timely gain airspace access has created and uneven playing field. Allowing the Department of the Interior to compete with the free market use of UAS is not only poor stewardship of taxpayer money and in-efficient use of resources, but results in the government duplicating and di-rectly competing with private enter-prise. 
This is a $73 million marketplace, 
Mr. Chairman. It drives more than $1 trillion in economic activity. More than 500,000 American jobs are related to the collection, storage, and dissemi-nation of imagery and geospatial data. Another 5.3 million citizens utilize such data. As much as 90 percent of the government information has a geospatial information component. Up to 80 percent of the information man-aged by business is connected to a spe-cific location. The geospatial market-place is identified by the Department of Labor as one of just 14 high gross sectors in the United States workforce. 
With that, I urge support of this 
amendment, and I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM. The Department of 
the Interior and the U.S. Geological Survey have been using unmanned air-craft to complement conventional sat-ellite-based remote sensing. Using re-mote sensing via unmanned aircraft did make sense. It allows for the rapid collection of data and allows for the Department to get a closer look at nat-ural disasters as they develop. 
The Department and the USGS are 
using unmanned aircraft to monitor the spread of wildfires, monitor river-bank erosion, detect and locate coal steam fires, conduct waterfall surveys, and inspect abandoned mines. 
It is clearly evident to everyone that 
this technology offers a real public safety benefit. So it makes no sense to hamstring the Department when the technology can save lives and the sur-vey can monitor dangerous natural events. 
Now, the way that the amendment is 
written—and I am all for the private sector being able to do things, and that 
is in your new amendment, that the private sector is not affected by this amendment—if the private sector cur-rently isn’t operating in this space looking at abandoned mines or looking at wildfires and we need to do some-thing right away, your amendment would prohibit the Federal Govern-ment from using equipment it would have and be able to launch up and look at something in real time. 
I don’t think that was the total in-
tention of your amendment. But be-cause even though you worked in the redraft to make sure that you pro-tected contractors—and I am glad you did that—I don’t know where that leaves us in times of emergency when there isn’t a contractor available, be-cause you haven’t allowed prohibition. 
For that reason, Mr. Chair, I oppose 
the amendment, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. PERRY. I appreciate the gentle-
woman’s comments. 
First of all, I did state that fire ob-
servation would not be included. In-deed, it is not written in the amend-ment. It is very specific. So for emer-gency purposes, if need be, the Depart-ment of the Interior still can use, whether it uses its own or DHS’ or one of the other myriad agencies that have the vehicles, it still has the ability to do that. 
But I would also remind the gentle-
woman that there are plenty of ambu-lance services and other emergency services for contract hire out there in our communities that perform emer-gency services every hour of the day, every day of the year. That fact not-withstanding, the private industry does provide all the other things that the agency is currently embarking on on its own and leaving the private sector out. 
A friend just called me today and 
asked me, because I am a helicopter pilot in the Army, if we could put his air-conditioning unit on a roof. I said, ‘‘Absolutely not.’’ The Army doesn’t do what the civilian world does for good reason. We want the civilians out there doing those things. We don’t want to compete as the Federal Government. 
But in this case, the Department of 
the Interior is competing directly, and will continue to do if allowed to do so, unless prohibited. They can write con-tracts, and they can have somebody on call. If there is an emergency situation, they can have a contractor on call to do that, and they should. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. M
CCOLLUM. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
I think that this is a great discussion 
we are having, but I don’t think the discussion necessarily belongs on the appropriations bill. It belongs in the policy committee so that all the ques-tions that I have and the concerns that you have can be addressed and thoughtfully written into a piece of legislation. 
There are just some places in rural 
parts of the United States—and I come from a State that is both urban, subur-
ban, and very rural, up on the north shore—where private contractors just don’t go or the ability of getting a hold of one isn’t there, and sometimes you have to have some Federal redundancy in the system to get out there and do that. 
You also have used a couple of terms 
and descriptions that I don’t have any statutory language in front of me. So where I think the gentleman might have a very good idea, bills that we are working on in the appropriations proc-ess, when we start getting into writing technical policy or trying to figure out the new wave of what new legislation should look like—and you have a great proponent; I hear him all the time in the Defense subcommittee—the chair-man of the subcommittee says the Fed-eral Government shouldn’t be doing what the private sector can do. We should not be doing this legislation for the reasons I mentioned, that we just don’t have all the facts in front of it, and it is not the role of the Interior Appropriations bill to do policy. 
So I am going to continue to object 
to the amendment at this time, but I look forward to, in a policy situation, working with the gentleman. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Again, I appreciate the 
gentlewoman’s reservations and oppo-sition for the reasons so stated. I re-spect them, but I feel this is the cor-rect place to limit in the appropria-tions, to make sure that the private sector can compete effectively and is allowed to do so and doesn’t have to compete against the Federal Govern-ment with all the provisions it has at its hand to undermine their ability to be effective and competitive. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
b0100 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I 
move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
ERRY ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
HOUSE BILLS APPROVED BY THE 
PRESIDENT 
The President notified the Clerk of 
the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY7.222 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4857 July 7, 2015 
May 19, 2015: 
H.R. 2252. An Act to clarify the effective 
date of certain provisions of the Border Pa-trol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
May 22, 2015: 
H.R. 606. An Act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain com-pensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
H.R. 651. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Of-fice’’. 
H.R. 1075. An Act to designate the United 
States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry’’. 
H.R. 1191. An Act to provide for congres-
sional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iraq’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2496. An Act to extend the authoriza-
tion for the replacement of the existing De-partment of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Denver, Colorado, to make certain im-provements in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
May 29, 2015: 
H.R. 1690. An Act to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Court-house’’. 
H.R. 2353. An Act to provide an extension 
of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other pro-grams funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
June 2, 2015: 
H.R. 2048. An Act to reform the authorities 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, con-duct electronic surveillance, use pen reg-isters and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for for-eign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
June 29, 2015: 
H.R. 1295. An Act to extend the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act, the General-ized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2146. An Act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1966 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes. 
f 
SENATE BILLS APPROVED BY THE 
PRESIDENT 
The President notified the Clerk of 
the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
May 19, 2015: 
S. 665. An Act to encourage, enhance, and 
integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate infor-mation when a law enforcement officer is se-riously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s of-ficial duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforce-ment officer is received, and for other pur-poses. 
May 22, 2015: 
S. 1124. An Act to amend the Workforce In-
novation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act. May 29, 2015: 
S. 178. An Act to provide justice for the 
victims of trafficking. 
June 12, 2015: 
S. 802. An Act to authorize the Secretary of 
State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, and for other purposes. 
June 15, 2015: 
S. 1568. An Act to extend the authorization 
to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to author-ize transfers of amounts to carry out the re-placement of such medical center, and for other purposes. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the 
request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , 
on Friday, June 26, 2015. 
H.R. 893. An act to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1295. An act to extend the African 
Growth and Opportunity Act, the General-ized System of Preferences, and preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on June 24, 2015, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 2146. To amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforce-ment officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free with-drawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 615. To amend the Homeland Security 
Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Home-land Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable com-munications capabilities among the compo-nents of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, and for other purposes. 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on June 26, 2015, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 1295. To extend the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act, the Generalized Sys-tem of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 893. To require the Secretary of the 
Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 533. To revoke the charter of incorpo-
ration of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other pur-
poses. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 1 o’clock and 2 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until today, Wednesday, July 8, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour de-bate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1981. A letter from the Program Manager, 
BioPreferred Program, DM/OPPM/EMD, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Voluntary Label-ing Program for Biobased Products (RIN: 0599-AA22) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Agriculture. 
1982. A letter from the Under Secretary of 
Defense, Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the expected submission date of the report on inventory of activities performed during the preceding fiscal year pursuant to contracts for services for or on behalf of the Department of Defense, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2330a; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1983. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing three officers to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral or rear admiral (lower half), as indicated, in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1984. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Ronnie D. Hawkins, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
1985. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, OUSD (AT&L) DPAP/DARS, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Defense Contractors Out-side the United States — Subpart Relocation (DFARS Case 2015-D015) (RIN: 0750-AI55) re-ceived June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1986. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Stephen L. Hoog, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1987. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-
retary, Personnel and Readiness, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing three officers on an enclosed list to wear the insignia of the grade of major gen-eral, as indicated, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1988. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, OUSD (AT&L) DPAP/DARS, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Clauses with Alternates- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.123 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4858 July 7, 2015 
Prescriptions and Clause Prefaces (DFARS 
Case 2015-D016) (RIN: 0750-AI57) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1989. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, OUSD (AT&L) DPAP/DARS, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Allowability of Legal Costs for Whistleblower Proceedings (DFARS Case 2013-D022) (RIN: 0750-AI04) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1990. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, OUSD (AT&L) DPAP/DARS, Department of De-fense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-tion Supplement: Inflation Adjustment of Acquisition-Related Thresholds (DFARS Case 2014-D025) (RIN: 0750-AI43) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1991. A letter from the Chairman and Presi-
dent, Export-Import Bank, transmitting the ‘‘Report to the U.S. Congress on Global Ex-port Credit Competition’’ for the period cov-ering January 1, 2014, through December 31, 2014, pursuant to Sec. 8A of the Export-Im-port Bank Act of 1945, as amended; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1992. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the ‘‘Barriers to Industrial Energy Efficiency’’ report, pursuant to the American Energy Manufacturing Technical Corrections Act, Pub. L. 112-210; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1993. A letter from the Administrator, En-
ergy Information Administration, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting the report en-titled ‘‘The Availability and Price of Petro-leum and Petroleum Products Produced in Countries Other Than Iran’’, pursuant to Sec. 1245(d)(4)(A) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1994. A letter from the Assistant General 
Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Test Procedures for Packaged Terminal Air Con-ditioners and Packaged Terminal Heat Pumps [Docket No.: EERE-2012-BT-TP-0032] (RIN: 1904-AD19) received July 1, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1995. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the ‘‘Health Profession Opportunity Grants Program and Evaluation Portfolio Interim Report to Con-gress’’, pursuant to Sec. 5507 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1996. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Infant Formula: The Addition of Minimum and Maximum Levels of Selenium to Infant Formula and Related Labeling Requirements [Docket No.: FDA-2013-N-0067] received June 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1997. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Veterinary Feed Directive; Correction [Docket No.: FDA-2010-N-0155] (RIN: 0910- 
AG95) received June 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
1998. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental 
Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Ap-proval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; Revision to Control Volatile Organic Compound Emissions from Storage Tanks and Transport Vessels [EPA-R06-OAR- 2011-0079; FRL-9929-69-Region 6] received June 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1999. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Modification of Significant New Uses of Certain Chemical Substances [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2014-0649; FRL-9928-93] (RIN: 2070-AB27) received June 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2000. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Technical Amendments to the Hazardous and Solid Waste Management System; Disposal of Coal Combustion Re-siduals from Electric Utilities — Correction of the Effective Date [EPA-HQ-RCRA-2015- 0331; FRL-9928-44-OSWER] (RIN: 2050-AE81) received June 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2001. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of Implementation Plans; Mis-sissippi; Memphis, TN-MS-AR Emissions In-ventory for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard [EPA-R04-OAR-2015-0247; FRL-9929-84-Region 4] received June 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2002. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval of Air Qual-ity Implementation Plans; Sheboygan Coun-ty, Wisconsin 8-Hour Ozone Nonattainment Area; Reasonable Further Progress Plan [EPA-R05-OAR-2015-0075; FRL-9929-73-Region 5] received June 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2003. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule — Ap-proval of Alabama’s Request to Relax the Federal Reid Vapor Pressure Gasoline Vola-tility Standard for Birmingham, Alabama [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0905; FRL-9929-91-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS58) received June 30, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2004. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Alabama’s Re-quest to Relax the Federal Reid Vapor Pres-sure Gasoline Volatility Standard for Bir-mingham, Alabama [EPA-HQ-OAR-2014-0905; FRL-9929-90-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS58) received June 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2005. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Cuprous oxide; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA- HQ-OPP-2014-0865; FRL-9929-51] received June 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2006. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Arkansas; Preven-tion of Significant Deterioration; Green-house Gas Plantwide Applicability Limit Permitting Revisions [EPA-R06-OAR-2014- 0378; FRL-9929-81-Region 6] received June 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2007. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Performance Specification 18 — Performance Specifications and Test Procedures for Hydrogen Chloride Contin-uous Emission Monitoring Systems at Sta-tionary Sources [EPA-HQ-OAR-2013-0696; FRL-9929-25-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AR81) received June 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2008. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Prohexadione calcium; Pes-ticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0346; FRL-9927-25] received June 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2009. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Revising Underground Stor-age Tank Regulations — Revisions to Exist-ing Requirements and New Requirements for Secondary Containment and Operator Train-ing [EPA-HQ-UST-2011-0301; FRL-9913-64- OSWER] (RIN: 2050-AG46) received June 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2010. A letter from the Associate Bureau 
Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Lifeline and Link Up Reform [WC Docket No.: 11-42] re-ceived June 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2011. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Pub-
lic Safety and Homeland Security — CCR, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting the Commission’s final rule — Re-view of the Emergency Alert System [EB Docket No.: 04-296] received June 29, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2012. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting a report certifying that the export of the listed item to the People’s Republic of China is not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry, pursuant to Sec. 1512 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for FY 1999 (Pub. L. 105-261), as amended by Sec. 146 of the Omnibus Consolidated and Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for FY 1999 (Pub. L. 105-277), and the President’s Sep-tember 29, 2009 delegation of authority (74 Fed. Reg. 50,913 (Oct. 2, 2009)); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2013. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting pursuant to Sec. 401(c) of the National Emergencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JY7.000 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4859 July 7, 2015 
Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the 
International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with re-spect to transnational criminal organiza-tions that was declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2014. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting as re-quired by Sec. 401(c) of the National Emer-gencies Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the former Liberian regime of Charles Taylor that was declared in Exec-utive Order 13348 of July 22, 2004; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2015. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-91, ‘‘Access to Contraceptives Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2016. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-90, ‘‘Healthy Hearts of Babies Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2017. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-94, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Second Re-vised Budget Request Temporary Adjust-ment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2018. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-92, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Cultiva-tion Center Exception Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2019. A letter from the Chairman, Council 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-93, ‘‘Youth Employment and Work Readiness Training Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2020. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for General Law, Office of the Gen-eral Counsel, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
2021. A letter from the President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank 
of Indianapolis, transmitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis 2014 man-agement report and financial statements, pursuant to the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990, Pub. L. 101-576; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2022. A letter from the Senior Vice Presi-
dent and Chief Financial Officer, Potomac Electric Power Company, transmitting a copy of the Balance Sheet of Potomac Elec-tric Power Company as of December 31, 2014, pursuant to D.C. Code Ann. Sec. 34-1113 (2001); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2023. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Greenland Turbot in the Aleutian Islands Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648- XD920) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
2024. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final specifications — Pacific Island Fisheries; 2014-15 Annual Catch Limits and Accountability Measures; Main Hawaiian Is-
lands Deep 7 Bottomfish [Docket No.: 140113035-5475-02] (RIN: 0648-XD082) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2025. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; the Highly Migratory Species Fish-ery; Closure [Docket No.: 031125294-4091-02] (RIN: 0648-XD945) received June 24, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
2026. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2015-2016 Biennial Specifications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments [Docket No.: 140904754- 5188-02] (RIN: 0648-BF08) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2027. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Group-er Fishery Off the Southern Atlantic States; Amendment 29 [Docket No.: 141107936-5399-02] (RIN: 0648-BE55) received June 24, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
2028. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — International Fisheries; West-ern and Central Pacific Fisheries for Highly Migratory Species; Closure of Purse Seine Fishery in the ELAPS in 2015 [Docket No.: 150406346-5346-01] (RIN: 0648-XD972) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2029. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Rec-reational Accountability Measure and Clo-sure for Blueline Tilefish in the South Atlan-tic Region [Docket No.: 140501394-5279-02] (RIN: 0648-XD962) received June 24, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
2030. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-
trator for Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Magnuson-Ste-vens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the North-eastern United States; Northeast Groundfish Fishery; Framework Adjustment 53 [Docket No.: 150105004-5355-01] (RIN: 0648-BE75) re-ceived July 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2031. A letter from the Principal Deputy 
Assistant Secretary, Policy, Management and Budget, Office of the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting a report summary for FY 2015 of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program, pursuant to the Pay-
ments in Lieu of Taxes Act, 31 U.S.C. 6901- 6907, as amended; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
2032. A letter from the Director, Adminis-
trative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting a letter containing the Web site address for the calendar year 2014 report on bankruptcy statistics mandated by the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act of 2005, 28 U.S.C. 159(b); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2033. A letter from the Director, Adminis-
trative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting the annual report to Congress concerning intercepted wire, oral, or elec-tronic communications as required by Title III of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968, Pub. L. 90-351 Sec. 802, and codified at 18 U.S.C. Sec. 2519(3); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2034. A letter from the Staff Director, Com-
mission on Civil Rights, transmitting a copy of the charter for the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights state advisory committees, pur-suant to the Federal Advisory Committee Act, 41 C.F.R. Sec. 102-3.70; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2035. A letter from the Auditor, Congres-
sional Medal of Honor Society, transmitting the annual financial report of the Congres-sional Medal of Honor Society of the United States of America for calendar year 2014, pursuant to Pub. L. 88-504 and 36 U.S.C. 1101; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2036. A letter from the Staff Director, 
United States Sentencing Commission, transmitting the ‘‘2014 Annual Report and Sourcebook of Federal Sentencing Statis-tics’’, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 994(w)(3) and 997; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2037. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D Airspace; Jupiter, FL [Docket No.: FAA-2015- 0794; Airspace Docket No.: 15-ASO-5] received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2038. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bell Helicopter Textron Canada Lim-ited [Docket No.: FAA-2013-0489; Directorate Identifier 2008-SW-003-AD; Amendment 39- 18175; AD 2015-12-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2039. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; ATR-GIE Avions de Transport Re-gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0568; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-075-AD; Amendment 39-18166; AD 2015-11-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
2040. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1936; Directorate Identifier 2014- SW-005-AD; Amendment 39-18170; AD 2015-11- 07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2041. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Agusta S.p.A. (Agusta) Helicopters 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JY7.000 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4860 July 7, 2015 
[Docket No.: FAA-2015-1937; Directorate 
Identifier 2014-SW-067-AD; Amendment 39- 18171; AD 2015-11-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2042. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (Previously Eurocopter France) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0464; Directorate Identifier 2014- SW-002-AD; Amendment 39-18169; AD 2015-11- 06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2043. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0342; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-007-AD; Amendment 39-18168; AD 2015-11-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2044. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0756; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-103-AD; Amendment 39-18167; AD 2015-11-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
2045. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0584; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-092- AD; Amendment 39-18158; AD 2015-10-03] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
2046. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Turbomeca S.A. Turboshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2013-1003; Directorate Identifier 2013-NE-33-AD; Amendment 39- 18163; AD 2015-10-07] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2047. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Zodiac Seats France (formerly Sicma Aero Seat) Passenger Seat Assemblies [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1282; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-007-AD; Amendment 39- 18157; AD 2015-10-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2048. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Lycoming Engines Reciprocating En-gines (Type Certificate previously held by Textron Lycoming Division, AVCO Corpora-tion) [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0940; Directorate Identifier 2014-NE-15-AD; Amendment 39- 18162; AD 2015-10-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2049. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-
ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Slingsby Aviation Ltd. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1737; Directorate Identifier 2015-CE-014-AD; Amendment 39- 18164; AD 2015-11-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2050. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; International Aero Engines AG Tur-bofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2009-1100; Directorate Identifier 2009-NE-37-AD; Amendment 39-18159; AD 2015-10-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
2051. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (previously Eurocopter France) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-1570; Directorate Identifier 2014- SW-054-AD; Amendment 39-18161; AD 2015-10- 05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2052. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Revocation of Class E Airspace; Lexington, TN [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0969; Airspace Docket No.: 14-ASO-20] re-ceived June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2053. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Clarksburg, WV [Docket No.: FAA-2014-1003; Airspace Docket No.: 14-AEA- 9] received June 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2054. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Minor New Source Review Require-ments [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0225; FRL-9930-08- Region 3] received June 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2055. A letter from the Clerk of the House 
of Representatives, transmitting annual compilation of financial disclosure state-ments of the members of the board of the Of-fice of Congressional Ethics for the period between January 1, 2014 and December 31, 2014, pursuant to Clause 3 of House Rule XXVI; (H. Doc. No. 114—46); to the Com-mittee on Ethics and ordered to be printed. 
2056. A letter from the Director, National 
Legislative Division, American Legion, transmitting the consolidated financial statements of the American Legion as of De-cember 31, 2014 and 2013 with supplemental data; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
2057. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report to Congress con-cerning emigration laws and policies of Azer-baijan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbek-istan, pursuant to Secs. 402(a) and 409(a) of Title IV of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended (‘‘the Jackson-Vanik Amendment’’); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2058. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Office of the Secretary, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Elder Justice Coordinating 
Council 2012-2014 Report to Congress, pursu-ant to Title XX of the Social Security Act, Subtitle B, the Elder Justice Act of 2009; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2059. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the ‘‘Report to Congress on the Administration, Cost and Impact of the Quality Improvement Organi-zation Program for Medicare Beneficiaries for Fiscal Year 2012’’, pursuant to Sec. 1161 of the Social Security Act; jointly to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
2060. A letter from the Board Members, 
Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the 2015 annual report on the financial status of the railroad unemployment insurance sys-tem, pursuant to Pub. L. 100-647, Sec. 7105; jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2061. A letter from the Board Members, 
Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting the 26th actuarial valuation of the railroad retirement system, pursuant to Sec. 22 of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974 and Pub. L. 98-76, Sec. 502; jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Transportation and In-
frastructure. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. UPTON: Committee on Energy and 
Commerce. H.R. 6. A bill to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–190, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the While House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 2256. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Ad-ministration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the Department of Veterans Affairs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–191). Referred to the Committee of the While House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 347. Resolution providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education protect State and local au-thority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other pur-poses, and providing consideration of the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve for-est management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the ju-risdiction of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–192). Referred to the House calendar. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Ways and Means dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 6 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JY7.000 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4861 July 7, 2015 
titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. TROTT (for himself, Mr. G OOD-
LATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. 
MARINO ): 
H.R. 2947. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code in order to facilitate the resolution of an insolvent financial institu-tion in bankruptcy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for 
himself, Mr. H
ARPER , Mrs. B LACK , 
and Mr. W ELCH ): 
H.R. 2948. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an incre-mental expansion of telehealth coverage under the Medicare program; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-
ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. M
CHENRY (for himself and Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 2949. A bill to exclude payments from 
State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. TAKAI: 
H.R. 2950. A bill to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to streamline and clarify small business contracting opportunities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD: 
H.R. 2951. A bill to prohibit foreign assist-
ance to countries that do not prohibit shark finning in the territorial waters of the coun-try or the importation, sale, or possession of shark fins obtained as a result of shark fin-ning; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 2952. A bill to provide payments to 
States for increasing the employment, job retention, and earnings of former TANF re-cipients; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 2953. A bill to expand the Moving to 
Work and Rental Assistance demonstration programs of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself, Mr. 
W
ESTERMAN , Mr. W OMACK , and Mr. 
HILL): 
H.R. 2954. A bill to designate the Federal 
building located at 617 Walnut Street in Hel-ena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House‘‘; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 2955. A bill to amend the Violent 
Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 to expand the cause of action relating to the pattern or practice of conduct by a gov-ernmental authority that deprives a person of rights protected by the Constitution to such conduct relating to adults as well as ju-veniles; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GROTHMAN: 
H.R. 2956. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to limit the earned income tax credit to citizens and lawful permanent residents and to require a valid social secu-rity number to claim the refundable portion of the child tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. 
W
ITTMAN ): 
H.R. 2957. A bill to reauthorize the 
Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 2958. A bill to fulfill the United States 
Government’s trust responsibility to serve the higher education needs of the Navajo people and to clarify, unify, and modernize prior Dine ´College legislation; to the Com-
mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 2959. A bill to prevent States from 
counting certain expenditures as State spending to reduce TANF work require-ments; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. POLIS (for himself and Mr. 
Y
OUNG of Iowa): 
H.R. 2960. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to aid gifted and talented and high-ability learners by empowering the Nation’s teachers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. TONKO (for himself and Mr. 
M
CKINLEY ): 
H.R. 2961. A bill to establish a research, de-
velopment, and technology demonstration program to improve the efficiency of gas tur-bines used in combined cycle and simple cycle power generation systems; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: 
H.J. Res. 59. A joint resolution providing 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Army Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States‘‘ under the Clean Water Act; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. 
S
IRES, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, 
Mr. M ARINO , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. D UN-
CAN of South Carolina, Mr. R OKITA , 
Mr. R EED, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
ALGREEN of Texas, Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. K AP-
TUR, and Mr. C ARNEY ): 
H. Res. 348. A resolution supporting the 
right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their fu-ture; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. TROTT: 
H.R. 2947. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several 
States, and with Indian tribes;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 4 of the United States Con-stitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to establish . . . uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 9 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to constitute Tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legis-lation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ and, Article III of the United States Con-stitution, in that the legislation defines or affects powers of the Judiciary that are sub-ject to legislation by Congress. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California: 
H.R. 2948. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . to 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. M
CHENRY: 
H.R. 2949. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. TAKAI: 
H.R. 2950. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section I, Article VIII of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD: 
H.R. 2951. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 2952. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. CARNEY: 
H.R. 2953. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. CRAWFORD: 
H.R. 2954. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JY7.100 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4862 July 7, 2015 
Article III, Section 1, which gives Congress 
the authority to ‘‘ordain and establish’’ courts inferior to theSupreme Court. 
By Mr. DEUTCH: 
H.R. 2955. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mr. GROTHMAN: 
H.R. 2956. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. KIND: 
H.R. 2957. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8. 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 2958. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1. Section 8 (18) To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department ot Officer thereof. 
By Mrs. NOEM: 
H.R. 2959. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution: to provide for the com-mon Defense and general Welfare of the United States 
By Mr. POLIS: 
H.R. 2960. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of US Con-
stitution, to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. TONKO: 
H.R. 2961. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1, All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: 
H.J. Res. 59. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of commerce among the sev-eral states.) 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 136: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD and Mr. 
ROYCE . 
H.R. 140: Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 156: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 210: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 213: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P ITTS, and Mr. 
PETERSON . 
H.R. 244: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. 
ABRAHAM . 
H.R. 282: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 343: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 353: Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 356: Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 358: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. 
RUSSELL , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY , and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 376: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 411: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 423: Mr. M ARINO and Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 427: Mr. H URDof Texas. 
H.R. 430: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 448: Mr. K ILDEE and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 475: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 540: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C OLE, Ms. 
MOORE , and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 546: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 563: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 592: Mr. D ESANTIS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia. 
H.R. 605: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 607: Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 612: Mrs. L OVE and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 619: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 632: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 649: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 653: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 662: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 667: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 671: Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 672: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 675: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 680: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. 
H.R. 684: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 700: Ms. M OORE and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 702: Mr. H UDSON , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 731: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 746: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 757: Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 759: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 775: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
GIBBS. 
H.R. 784: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 793: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 800: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 815: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 816: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. 
FLEMING , and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 822: Mr. P ETERSON and Mr. G RAVES of 
Missouri. 
H.R. 840: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 846: Ms. K APTUR , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 858: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 865: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 869: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 879: Ms. G RANGER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof 
Georgia, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. M EAD-
OWS, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia, and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 907: Mr. L AMBORN and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 915: Mr. L YNCH and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 921: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 923: Mr. C ARTER of Texas. 
H.R. 969: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 985: Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
CALVERT , Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 989: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 990: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 997: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 1073: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1091: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 1148: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. R EEDand Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 1197: Ms. B ASSand Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1209: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1211: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi and 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-
ico. H.R. 1218: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. 
BARLETTA . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. 
TSONGAS . 
H.R. 1232: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 1233: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1247: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1248: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 1274: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 1283: Ms. N ORTON and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1299: Mr. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. 
JOYCE . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 1310: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 1312: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. F INCHER , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , and Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1321: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . 
H.R. 1336: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1338: Mr. T HORNBERRY and Mr. L IPIN-
SKI. 
H.R. 1342: Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana. 
H.R. 1344: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 1354: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. C ARNEY and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 1434: Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 1462: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. 
MATSUI , and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1466: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1467: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. 
MCSALLY , and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1479: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
YODER , and Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 1514: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1523: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
ROSS, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. M ESSER , and Ms. 
STEFANIK . 
H.R. 1526: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1533: Mr. F OSTER . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 1552: Ms. M ENGand Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1555: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. C HAFFETZ . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
GALLEGO , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 1566: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 1567: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. K ELLY of 
Illinois, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. 
Polis. 
H.R. 1571: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Ms. M AT-
SUI. 
H.R. 1598: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 1611: Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. H INOJOSA , and 
Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. W ALDEN , and 
Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1632: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 1643: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. W ESTMORELAND and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS . 
H.R. 1684: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1694: Mr. F LORES and Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY . 
H.R. 1708: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 1714: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1718: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 1726: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
WALDEN , and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1728: Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. P ALLONE , and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 1737: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , and Mr. J ORDAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.074 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4863 July 7, 2015 
H.R. 1752: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. 
WALDEN . 
H.R. 1763: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F OSTER and Mr. 
CICILLINE . 
H.R. 1768: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. N EAL, Mr. C AR-
NEY, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
ROUZER , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1779: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1786: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S ARBANES , 
Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1836: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and 
Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1855: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mr. 
COHEN . 
H.R. 1861: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1887: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1901: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, 
and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 1910: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1919: Mr. R UIZ, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. B EYER , Mr. G OWDY , 
and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 1933: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 1940: Mr. Y OHO and Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida. 
H.R. 1953: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 1961: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1964: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1974: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1977: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 1978: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1994: Mr. B ARRand Mr. G ARRETT . 
H.R. 2030: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 2050: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Mr. 
TAKAI. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2067: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California. 
H.R. 2076: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2125: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2133: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2140: Mr. M CCAULand Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 2141: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 2156: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. K INGof Iowa, 
and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 2191: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2201: Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 2211: Ms. F OXX. 
H.R. 2237: Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2253: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2257: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 2280: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2283: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
COURTNEY , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
LEVIN, Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 2287: Mr. B ARR and Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
of Georgia. 
H.R. 2290: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 2295: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2302: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H.R. 2315: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. H ECK 
of Nevada, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. 
GRANGER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. D UN-
CANof South Carolina, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. K ELLY  
of Pennsylvania, and Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 2329: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 2342: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2380: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 2400: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 2403: Mr. R OKITA , Mr. M ACARTHUR , 
and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 2404: Mr. J OYCE , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2410: Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. 
BASS, and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 2429: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2460: Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
ISRAEL , and Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 2461: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 2477: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 2493: Ms. K APTUR , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. V ELA´ZGUEZ , and Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 2494: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 2498: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2520: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 2530: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. P OCAN , and 
Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2540: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. E NGEL , and 
Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 2602: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 2607: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 2615: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS of California, Ms. A DAMS , 
Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. 
DUCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2627: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Ms. 
FUDGE . 
H.R. 2643: Mr. O LSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , and 
Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, and Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 2669: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina 
and Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. 
H.R. 2680: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 2689: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2704: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. 
LOUDERMILK . 
H.R. 2719: Mr. P OCAN and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 2722: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 2726: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. A DER-
HOLT , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 2734: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2737: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. K ILMER , and 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2738: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 2739: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN and Ms. L OF-
GREN . 
H.R. 2740: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 2742: Ms. M OORE and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2752: Mr. C OLE, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and 
Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 2761: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 2762: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 2773: Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
POLIS, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. V EASEY , and 
Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2777: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 2788: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 2794: Ms. M ENG. 
H.R. 2798: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 2799: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2802: Mr. F LORES , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
ROEof Tennessee, Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
WITTMAN , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 2805: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 2810: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 2811: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2820: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, and Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 2835: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 2836: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2838: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 2847: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 2866: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
ENGEL , and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2867: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and 
Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 2871: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
FARR, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2875: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Ms. 
SLAUGHTER . 
H.R. 2894: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H.R. 2897: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2902: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2906: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 2909: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 2915: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 2916: Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Ms. H AHN, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2917: Mr. E NGEL and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2919: Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 2920: Ms. H AHN, Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2922: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 2927: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. H ARDY , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 2934: Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 2937: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. M ESSER , 
and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2938: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2939: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 2942: Mr. H UNTER , Mr. B ROOKS of Ala-
bama, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F LEM-
ING, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. 
WEBER of Texas. 
H.J. Res. 1: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H UDSON , and 
Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.J. Res. 2: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
HUDSON , Mr. C ALVERT , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.J. Res. 32: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.J. Res. 50: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.J. Res. 52: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. 
ESHOO , and Ms. S INEMA . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
and Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. T HOMPSON of California 
and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H. Con. Res. 49: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and 
Ms. E STY. 
H. Con. Res. 53: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H. Con. Res. 56: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-
vania. 
H. Con. Res. 59: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H. Res. 17: Mr. F LORES . 
H. Res. 112: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H. Res. 147: Ms. J UDYCHUof California and 
Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H. Res. 193: Mr. H UNTER . 
H. Res. 209: Mr. S HERMAN and Mr. W OMACK . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. H IMES, 
and Mr. P OCAN . 
H. Res. 230: Ms. M CSALLY , Mrs. H ARTZLER , 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. 
SPEIER , and Mrs. B LACK . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:56 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.091 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4864 July 7, 2015 
H. Res. 236: Mr. C ARNEY . 
H. Res. 270: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. 
MILLER of Florida, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. J ORDAN , and 
Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H. Res. 279: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H. Res. 289: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Il-
linois, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. R USH, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E DWARDS , 
and Mr. H ONDA . 
H. Res. 290: Mr. G OWDY . 
H. Res. 291: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, 
Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. 
ADAMS , Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. E NGEL , 
and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. 
ISRAEL . 
H. Res. 310: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. H ANNA , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Ms. 
ESHOO , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. 
BEYER , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and 
Mr. P OLIS. 
H. Res. 318: Mr. F LEMING , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. 
ROSKAM , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. 
MCKINLEY . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BISHOP OF UTAH 
The amendment I filed for H.R. 2647, the 
Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 or rule XXI. 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative P
OLIS or a designee, to H.R. 2647, 
the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
15. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
Mr. Gregory D. Watson, Austin, Texas, rel-ative to requesting the enactment of legisla-tion by Congress to create a new $25 denomi-nation of United States paper currency bear-ing the likeness of former Member of Con-gress Jeannette Rankin of Montana on the front of that new denomination and man-dating that the image of Alexander Hamilton remain intact on the existing $10 American paper currency denomination; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
f 
AMENDMENTS 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, pro-
posed amendments were submitted as follows: 
H.R. 2822 
OFFERED BY: MS. TSONGAS  
AMENDMENT NO. 40: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO IMPLEMENT OR  
ENFORCE SPECIFIC SECTIONS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement or en-force section 117, 121, or 122. H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. ROUZER  
AMENDMENT NO. 41: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Standards of Performance for New Residen-tial Wood Heaters, New Residential Hydronic Heaters and Forced-Air Furnaces’’ published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on March 16, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 13671 et seq.). 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MS. EDWARDS  
AMENDMENT NO. 42: Strike section 438. 
H.R. 2822 
OFFERED BY: MS. CASTOR OF FLORIDA  
AMENDMENT NO. 43: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CONSIDER A  
PETITION TO RECLASSIFY THE WEST INDIAN  
MANATEE  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to consider a peti-tion to reclassify the West Indian manatee from an endangered species to a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MS. CASTOR OF FLORIDA  
AMENDMENT NO. 44: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CARRY OUT  
OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF OIL AND GAS  
LEASE SALE 226  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to carry out oil and gas lease sale 226 for the Eastern Gulf of Mexico Outer Continental Shelf Planning Area. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. ENGEL  
AMENDMENT NO. 45: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presi-dential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Per-formance, dated May 24, 2011. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. PEARCE  
AMENDMENT NO. 46: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to increase the rate of any royalty required to be paid to the United States for oil and gas produced on Federal land, or to prepare or publish a pro-posed rule relating to such an increase. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MS. SPEIER  
AMENDMENT NO. 47: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to implement, ad-minister, or enforce the final rule following the Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement for the Dog Management Plan (Plan/SEIS), Golden Gate National Recre-ation Area (GGNRA), California (78 Fed. Reg. 55094; September 9, 2013). 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GOODLATTE  
AMENDMENT NO. 48: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Environ-mental Protection Agency to take any of the backstop actions referred to in enclosure B of the December 29, 2009, letter from EPA’s Regional Administration to the States in the Watershed and the District of Columbia in response to the development or implementa-tion of a State’s watershed implementation plan. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. YODER  
AMENDMENT NO. 49: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO IMPLEMENT OR  
ENFORCE THREATENED SPECIES LISTING OF  
THE LESSER PRAIRIE CHICKEN  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used to implement or en-force the threatened species listing of the lesser prairie chicken under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 50: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
None of the funds made available by this 
Act may be used in contravention of Execu-tive Order 13693. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GARAMENDI  
AMENDMENT NO. 51: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following. 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  
None of the funds made available by this 
Act for California drought response or relief may be used by the Administrator of the En-vironmental Protection Agency or the Sec-retary of the Interior in contravention of im-plementation of Division 26.7 of the Cali-fornia Water Code (the Water Quality, Sup-ply, and Infrastructure Improvement Act of 2014), as approved by the voters of California in California Proposition 1 (2014). 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. JEFFRIES  
AMENDMENT NO. 52: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
to the National Park Service by this Act may be used for the purchase or display of a confederate flag with the exception of spe-cific circumstances where the flags provide historical context as described in the Na-tional Park Service memorandum entitled ‘‘Immediate Action Required, No Reply Needed: Confederate Flags’’ and dated June 24, 2015. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MRS. NOEM 
AMENDMENT NO. 53: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CLOSE OR  
MOVE FISHERIES ARCHIVES  
SEC. 441. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to close or move the D.C. Booth Historic National Fish Hatchery and Archives. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. NEWHOUSE  
AMENDMENT NO. 54: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO TREAT GRAY  
WOLVES IN WASHINGTON , OREGON , AND UTAH  
AS ENDANGERED SPECIES OR THREATENED  
SPECIES  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Interior or the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to treat any gray wolf ( Canis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.096 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4865 July 7, 2015 
lupus ) in Washington, Oregon, or Utah as an 
endangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. HUFFMAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 55: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to enter into a new contract or agreement or to administer a portion of an existing contract or agreement with a concessioner, a cooperating associa-tion, or any other entity that provides for the sale in any facility within a unit of the National Park System of a non-educational item that depicts a Confederate flag on it. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. HUFFMAN  
AMENDMENT NO. 56: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to permit, author-ize, or allow any grave in any Federal ceme-tery to be decorated with a Confederate flag. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. GALLEGO  
AMENDMENT NO. 57: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, insert the following: 
SEC. 441. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to issue a grazing permit or lease in contravention of section 4110.1 or 4130.1-1(b) of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations. H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. BURGESS  
AMENDMENT NO. 58: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title) insert the following new section: 
S
EC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to hire or pay the salary of any offi-cer or employee of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency under subsection (f) or (g) of section 207 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 209) who is not already receiving pay under either such subsection on the date of enactment of this Act. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. LAMALFA  
AMENDMENT NO. 59: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ATTORNEY  
FEES 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to pay attorney fees in a civil suit under section 11(g) of the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1540(g)) pursuant to a court order that states such fees were calculated at an hourly rate in excess of $125 per hour. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. NEWHOUSE  
AMENDMENT NO. 60: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. lll . None of the funds made avail-
able by this Act may be used by the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to issue any regulation under the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et 
seq.) that applies to an animal feeding oper-ation, including a concentrated animal feed-ing operation and a large concentrated ani-mal feeding operation, as such terms are de-fined in section 122.23 of title 40, Code of Fed-eral Regulations. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. ROKITA  
AMENDMENT NO. 61: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following new section: 
ENFORCEMENT OF THE ENDANGERED SPECIES  
ACT REGARDING CERTAIN MUSSELS  
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to enforce the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) with respect to the Clubshell, Fanshell, Rabbitsfoot, Rayed Bean, Sheepnose, or Snuffbox mussels. 
H.R. 2822 
O
FFERED BY: MR. WESTMORELAND  
AMENDMENT NO. 62: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to pay legal fees pursuant to a settlement in any case, in which the Federal Government is a party, that arises under— 
(1) the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et 
seq.); 
(2) the Federal Water Pollution Control 
Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.); or 
(3) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 
U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY7.098 H07JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4659 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 2015 No. 104 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2:30 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Almighty God, by whose providence 
our forebears brought forth this Nation conceived in liberty and dedicated to equal justice for all, fill our lawmakers with a similar passion for life and lib-erty. May their smaller successes prompt larger undertakings for human betterment. Lord, guide them with Your higher wisdom so that Your will may be accomplished on Earth, even as it is in Heaven. Give our Senators the moral and spiritual stamina to walk with integrity that they may fulfill their high calling in service to this land we love. Use them also to advance Your Kingdom on Earth. 
We pray in Your powerful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HOEVEN ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 1698 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1698) to exclude payments from 
State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROCESS IN THE 
SENATE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
wish to share a few lines from an opin-ion piece Speaker B
OEHNER wrote last 
week. It began: 
In November, the American people decided 
to entrust Republicans with control of the U.S. Senate, where common-sense jobs bills too often went to die in recent years. Now, since the start of this year, the Republican majority of the U.S. House finally has a will-ing partner in our work on behalf of the American people. It is an opportunity we haven’t let go to waste. 
The Speaker is hardly the only one 
who feels good about a new Senate that is back to work for the American peo-ple. The State work period was a good reminder of just that. Over the past week, Kentuckians repeated similar sentiments at events I attended across the Commonwealth. 
It is no surprise our constituents feel 
this way because the American people see more signs of more open debate in the new Senate. They see more oppor-tunities for Senators in both parties to take a stake in the legislative process. They see us passing bills. They see committees working again. Quite a bit of bipartisan reform legislation has emerged from committees already, often with strong support from both parties. EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this 
week we will begin floor debate on yet another such bipartisan measure, the Every Child Achieves Act. 
Many Washington pundits assumed 
that Congress could never agree on a workable solution to replace a broken No Child Left Behind law, and they cer-tainly didn’t believe one would receive unanimous committee support from both Republicans and Democrats. But many of those folks didn’t think Wash-ington could reform the Medicare pay-ment system or pass trade legislation 
either. So it is a good thing Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member M UR-
RAY didn’t listen to them. The new 
Congress has proved the pundits wrong already. If the senior Senator from Tennessee and his Democratic counter-part from Washington State have their way, the new Congress will prove them wrong yet again. 
The Every Child Achieves Act aims 
to assure we are helping students to succeed instead of helping Washington to grow, and it recognizes an obvious truth; that the needs of a student in Eastern Kentucky aren’t likely to be the same as those of students in South Florida or downtown Manhattan. The bill would give States the flexibility to develop systems that work for the needs of their students rather than the one-size-fits-all mandate of Wash-ington, taking decisions out of the hands of Federal bureaucrats and put-ting them into the hands of real ex-perts: parents, teachers, and State and local leaders. 
I will be talking more about the bi-
partisan Every Child Achieves Act later this week. But the fact that we are even on the floor today discussing yet another important reform solution to yet another seemingly intractable problem is one more reminder that this is a new Congress that is focused on so-lutions for the American people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4660 July 7, 2015 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader is recognized. 
f 
REPUBLICAN FILIBUSTERS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I appreciate 
the Republican leader for taking credit for passage of bills they filibustered. He led the filibusters on these the last 4 years. It is unfortunate, but any one of those, with rare exception, would have been passed had we not had fili-busters by the Republicans—the SGRs, and we could go through the whole list. 
But I appreciate we are doing some 
things that are important because we are not filibustering. Remember, every one that we tried to do was stopped dead in its tracks and, as a result of that, we had to file hundreds of mo-tions to invoke cloture. So my friend the Republican leader should be very happy we are not doing the same thing to him that was done to us. 
f 
DEADLINES PASSED 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, all Ameri-
cans face deadlines. Ask any student or any working professional, and they will tell you they have to meet deadlines to be successful. It is part of life. 
Senate Republicans, though, seem to 
reject the idea of finishing work on time. Instead, the Republican leader has repeatedly taken the Senate to the brink. Already the first few months of this year, Republicans have botched deadlines for funding the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal In-telligence Surveillance Court—that was a real debacle—and, most recently, the Export-Import Bank, which is now out of business. 
There were 165,000 people working as 
a result of the Bank who now—if not gone and looking for employment, they will have to do it very soon because the Republicans are boasting they were able to kill this business-oriented pro-gram that has been successful all over the world, allowing us to export things that we would not have been able to had that law not been in effect. As a re-sult of our not doing things, other countries—China and other countries— are now picking up the slack where Ex- Im Bank worked before. There is a lot of business being lost for the American people, and it is very unfortunate be-cause, again, Republicans are not meeting deadlines. 
Every one of those crises is accom-
panied by consequences that hurt our country: lost productivity, a volatile stock market, and lapses in national security. Every time Republicans miss a deadline who gets hurt worse than anyone else? The middle class does and our Nation is less safe. 
Now, I realize we have another vi-
tally important, time-sensitive matter that requires the Senate’s attention as soon as possible. At the end of this month, our Nation is faced with a looming expiration and insolvency of 
the highway trust fund. With 64,000 structurally deficient bridges and bil-lions of dollars needed for construction projects across America—really, tril-lions of dollars. We have an infrastruc-ture deficit in this country of about $3 trillion, and 64,000 bridges are struc-turally deficient. It is irresponsible for Republicans to be content to let the authorization of the highway program lapse or maybe they will come up with another solution like they have in the past, 33 separate short-term extensions of the highway bill. 
And now I understand that the chair-
man of the Finance Committee is working on another short-term exten-sion. How really insensitive to the needs of the American people. There are some States that can’t do construc-tion work on highways in the winter-time. It is cold. But that doesn’t seem to matter. These short-term extensions are what has become part of the Repub-lican mantra. 
There is also an urgent need to reach 
a bipartisan budget agreement. In less than 3 months, unless we act, the gov-ernment will shut down. To avoid that, we will need a budget agreement be-tween two parties. That is going to take time and a lot of work, but to this point, the deadline seems to be mean-ingless to my Republican colleagues. They are doing nothing, not a con-versation about it, and they led the charge in the past about how phony the overseas contingency funding was to pay the bills of this country, but now they seem to embrace it. But I guess their theory is—why not put off until tomorrow what you can do today? I don’t understand why what we have around here is, putting off until tomor-row everything that should be done today. 
There is no need to wait until the end 
of July to address our Nation’s roads, bridges, and rails. That is what we are doing. There is no need to wait until September to come to a sensible agree-ment funding our government, but that is what they are doing. 
Democrats are ready to work with 
Republicans on these two issues—and now. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATIONS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, another 
glaring deficiency is we are certainly ready to help Republicans fulfill their constitutional obligations to give due consideration to President Obama’s ju-dicial nominations and other nomina-tions. 
The Constitution gives the Senate 
the job to give its advice and consent to the President’s nominations to the judiciary. So far, the Republican leader and his party are failing catastroph-ically. They are intent on delaying im-portant confirmations, even in the face of increasing judicial emergencies all over this country. 
Today marks the 182nd day of the 
114th Congress. Yet today will be our first circuit court nomination. That 
means for almost 7 months, the Repub-lican Senate has not confirmed a single appellate court judge, but today we are going to finally consider one, and that is important. We will be hopefully con-
firming the first Latina on the Federal Circuit. 
Kara Farnandez Stoll is well quali-
fied by every measure. Her nomination was reported out of the Judiciary Com-mittee months ago. Yet no Republican can explain why she has waited this long to have a vote. It is all part of a disturbing trend, I am sorry to say, of neglecting constitutional duties. 
According to the Congressional Re-
search Service, the new Republican Senate has doubled the average time for the confirmation of the first circuit judge for any President in the modern era. The new Republican Senate is once again making history but for all the wrong reasons. The Republican leader and his party are on pace to confirm the fewest judicial nominations in half a century. 
President Obama’s Federal judges are 
not getting a fair shake. They are bot-tled up in the Judiciary Committee. They are focused on I don’t know what in that committee, but it is certainly not moving the President’s nomina-tions. Nominations are forced to wait 
longer than in past Congresses on the floor. 
I have spoken before about the nomi-
nation of one very well-qualified per-son from Philadelphia, Luis Felipe Restrepo—another extremely well- qualified judge-to-be. The junior Sen-ator from Pennsylvania delayed his confirmation by not returning the blue slip to advance his nomination. Before we left for the recess, the Judiciary Committee delayed his hearing again. Yet the junior Senator from Pennsyl-vania said he is not responsible for the delay because he does not sit on the committee. 
This good man, Luis Felipe Restrepo, 
has waited far too long. He has been nominated to fill a judicial emergency. Judicial emergencies have skyrocketed under Republicans’ lack of leadership. Justice delayed is justice denied. The people of Pennsylvania deserve to have him confirmed. So why doesn’t the jun-ior Senator from Pennsylvania simply ask to confirm Judge Restrepo imme-diately? I am confident that if that happened we would have that matter on the calendar. We could confirm Judge Restrepo to the Third Circuit next week if Republicans would quit playing games with nominations. 
Time and time again, Democrats 
have asked for the fair consideration of President Obama’s judicial nomina-tions. It is not too much to ask the new majority to match the numbers of con-firmations Democrats gave George W. Bush the last 2 years of his administra-tion. By this point, Democrats had con-firmed 21 of President George W. Bush’s judges-to-be. President Obama has only had four confirmed to date. 
And according to the senior Senator 
from Texas, we should not expect a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4661 July 7, 2015 
change anytime soon. Here is what he 
said. Speaking of Republicans’ desire to keep nominations at a trickle, the assistant Republican leader said last week: ‘‘It’ll be a slow, steady pace.’’ The pace certainly has been slow, but not steady—more like nonexistent. One circuit court nominee in more than 6 months is an embarrassment. That puts the Senate on pace to confirm fewer than four circuit court nominees this entire Congress. It does not matter that there are judicial emergencies all over the country. 
But Republicans’ inaction on nomi-
nees is not just hurting our judicial system; it is also hurting our Nation’s ability to combat terrorism, including ISIS. One way to help stop ISIS and other terrorist organizations is to go after their funding. Republicans know that. But listen to this, Mr. President. Since April, Adam Szubin, President Obama’s nominee to the Department of Treasury as Under Secretary for Ter-rorism and Financial Crimes, has re-mained in limbo. It is so important to this country. We have the situation going on with Iran. We need people in the Treasury Department to help fig-ure out all that is going on in regard to terrorism there and other places in the world. Yet Republicans will not con-firm this good man. He cannot get a vote. And who knows why. Ask Repub-licans. 
By any objective measure, the Re-
publican Senate is failing in their basic constitutional responsibility to provide advice and consent. The American peo-ple deserve better. They deserve a Sen-ate that does its work responsibly and completes it on time. 
Mr. President, will the Chair an-
nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT OF 
2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to the consideration of S. 1177, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, if I 
could gain the attention of the Demo-cratic leader for just a moment, before he leaves the floor. In a few moments, the Senator from Washington and I will make our opening statements on our proposed committee legislation to fix No Child Left Behind, but before we do that, I want to first express my ap-preciation to the majority leader for his putting it on the floor, bringing it up. I know the majority leader has a 
variety of other options, and he is giv-ing us a chance to take our bill, which we will be describing in a few minutes, and put it on the floor. 
I also want to acknowledge and 
thank the Democratic leader because he has allowed the bill to come to the floor without delay so that we can move to the bill and allow Senators to begin to vote on it. We hope to begin having those votes tomorrow morning. 
We have a good example of coopera-
tion here with the majority leader bringing the bill to the floor, a unani-mous bill by the committee. Senator M
URRAY , a member of the Democratic 
leadership, played a major role in the legislation. In fact, it was her advice that I took which caused us I think to have success in the committee by pre-senting a bipartisan bill. But I specifi-cally want to thank Senator R
EIDfor 
his attitude on the bill. I think that will create the environment in which we will have to frankly work through some contentious issues. This is not an issue-free piece of legislation. We are 7 years overdue. It should have been passed in the last two Congresses. But we have made a good start. 
I thank both leaders for giving Sen-
ator M
URRAY and me a chance to try to 
work in the next few days with other Senators to continue the amendment process, allow Senators to have their say, get a result, and work with the House to send a bill to the President that he is willing to sign. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mi-
nority leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, my friend 
from Tennessee is an expert in edu-cation. Not only was he the Governor of the great State of Tennessee, he was also the Secretary of Education. He knows education. And he has a good partner to work with, P
ATTY MURRAY . 
The senior Senator from Washington is a legislator first class, and the work they have done as leaders of this im-portant committee has been very, very good. 
I appreciate the kind words of my 
friend from Tennessee, but this is an example of what I talked about a few minutes ago. We are not treating Re-publicans the way they have treated us. I repeat, every piece of legislation I brought to the floor we had to file a motion to proceed on—with extremely rare exception, everything. We wasted months going through this senseless 2 days, 30 hours, and on and on with all the time spent on this. It was an effort to embarrass President Obama, and they did their best to do that. But as cynical as it was, it helped them in the 2014 elections, and I acknowledge that, and that is too bad. But it is too bad we had to go through all that because it has really hurt the country. 
I say to my friend, I have great re-
spect for this man from Tennessee. He is a good legislator, and I look forward to moving forward on this important piece of legislation involving elemen-tary and secondary education. We have to do a better job, and I think there are 
no two better qualified people than the two managers of this bill to accomplish that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Democratic leader. Senator M
URRAY and I will make our opening 
statements, but I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, we 
begin debate today on a bill to fix the problems with No Child Left Behind, the Federal law that has been causing confusion and anxiety in 100,000 public schools in our country. 
This week, Newsweek magazine 
called this the ‘‘law that everyone wants to fix.’’ There is a broad con-sensus about that, and, remarkably, there is a broad consensus about how to fix it. This is the consensus: that we should continue the law’s important measurements of students’ academic progress but restore to States, school districts, classroom teachers, and par-ents the responsibility for deciding what to do about the results of those tests. In my view, this change should produce fewer tests and more appro-priate ways to measure student achievement. We believe this is the most effective path toward higher standards, better teaching, and real ac-countability. 
Our Health, Education, Labor and 
Pensions Committee—the Senate’s education committee—obviously be-lieves that too. The committee re-ported the bill unanimously. Senator M
CCONNELL , the majority leader, noted 
earlier that committee has on it some of the Senate’s most liberal Democrats and several of the Senate’s most con-servative Republicans. It was a sur-prise to many people that the com-mittee reported it unanimously. But the committee understood that this was a problem we needed to solve and that we had a fair and open process, ev-eryone had a chance to participate, and that the bill was good enough to come to the floor, where we could continue to work on it. 
Not only is there a consensus about 
how to fix it within the U.S. Senate committee on education, there is out-side of the Senate. This bipartisan bill, which has come to the Senate floor, has been supported by teachers, by school boards, by school superintend-ents, by chief State school officers, and by Governors. 
The Presiding Officer is a former 
Governor, as am I. Both of us would have to go back a long time to remem-ber something that was supported as enthusiastically by both the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4662 July 7, 2015 
Governors Association and the major 
teachers unions, but this bipartisan proposal is. 
Earlier I thanked the majority lead-
er, Senator M
CCONNELL , for putting the 
bill on the floor. That may seem like a small matter for those not involved in the Senate, but it is a big matter. He has a pretty big list of bipartisan legis-lation that is important to this coun-try’s future, and he could have chosen any of those to bring to the floor. But he saw the importance of education to our country and that we not only need a strong national defense, but we need to be strong at home. 
So we are going to be dealing with 
legislation that affects 100,000 public schools, 50 million children, 3
1⁄2million 
teachers. It may not be big news every day in Washington, DC, but it sure is in Nashville, TN, in Maryville, TN, in Washington State, and in North Da-kota. 
If you go home, you hear quite a bit 
about Common Core. You hear quite a bit about the national school board. You hear quite a bit about whether the standards we have for our children are enough to help them get a job and to help them succeed in the world we have. So I thank the majority leader for putting it on the floor. 
As I said before, I thank the Demo-
cratic leader, Senator R
EID. He has al-
lowed the bill to come to the floor as rapidly as it could. There have been no delaying tactics whatsoever. We didn’t have to have a motion to proceed and a cloture vote. I am grateful for that be-cause that means we can work with other Senators and put this bill into shape and give more people a chance to have their say on behalf of their con-stituents at home. 
I want to give my special thanks at 
the outset—and I probably will again during this debate more than once—to the Senator from Washington State, Mrs. P
ATTY MURRAY . She is a good 
partner to have in this, and I am glad I took her advice in dealing with this bill. I knew we had a problem because we tried in the last two Congresses to solve this problem, and we absolutely failed. We are 7 years overdue. But Sen-ator M
URRAY made the suggestion that 
she and I try to work together to cre-ate a bipartisan product that we could present to the committee and then work from that. I took that advice, and it turned out to be excellent advice. Her ability to be a forceful advocate for her positions but at the same time command respect within her caucus and among people around the country who know her and to make this work is a principal reason, if not the main rea-son, we had a unanimous report from the education committee. So I am grateful to her for that. 
If you are a busy parent of one of the 
50 million children attending public school today, you may not know your child has been going to school for the last 7 years under a broken and expired Federal education law. You may not know that the U.S. Department of Edu-cation is practically running your 
child’s school, if you live in one of 42 States operating under waivers. You may have heard your child’s teacher complain about how little flexibility he or she has to help your child and to in-novate in the classroom, and you have probably seen your child’s frustration at the number of tests he or she is tak-ing. 
You have no doubt heard of the frus-
tration of other parents and teachers 
about Common Core, the academic standard most States have adopted. In 2009, the Department of Education cre-ated a $4.4 billion pot of money that States competed for. This was called Race to the Top. States got extra points for adopting Common Core. Race to the Top caused 30 States plus Washington, DC, to adopt Common Core so they could include that in their application. 
Then along came the phenomenon of 
waivers, because we in Congress had failed to act since 2007. The original No Child Left Behind bill passed in 2001 be-came unworkable. It established a goal that by 2014 all of our children in 100,000 public schools would be pro-ficient in math and science. We got to 2014—or were getting there—and the children weren’t proficient. So all the schools—almost all our public schools—were labeled as failing. So to avoid that bizarre result the Secretary issued waivers. But at the same time he issued some requirements about what you had to do to get a waiver if you were the State of North Dakota or Tennessee or some other State. 
So you are likely to have heard from 
teachers and school board members frustrated about the narrow definitions from Washington about exactly how to evaluate teachers and what to do about low performing schools. Those require-ments came with the waivers. 
You may be frustrated that your 
child doesn’t have more options for school than the nearest public school. I believe this bill will end many of those frustrations. It will restore responsi-bility to States for deciding what aca-demic standards to use and will restore responsibility to teachers to do what they do best, and that is to help your child learn what they need to know and be able to do. 
It will stop the trend of taking too 
many tests by restoring to States the responsibility for deciding how to use Federal test scores in measuring school achievement. It will help States ex-pand and replicate their best charter schools so more parents will have a choice of schools. 
The Senate education committee 
adopted 29 amendments during its de-bate on the bill. Already Senator M
UR-
RAYand I are working with Democratic 
and Republican Senators on adopting a large number of other amendments. In fact, I will have a substitute amend-ment for our bill to offer a little later this afternoon that will include a num-ber of those amendments, and we ex-pect there to be a robust discussion and debate and votes on the Senate floor. Now, just for some context about the 
debate we are having, when we talk about fixing No Child Left Behind, here is what we are talking about. We are talking about reauthorizing the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act. We are talking about the spending in that act of about $23 billion, which the Federal Government distributes to States through the law’s nine titles. The biggest title is what we call title I. It spends about $14.5 billion specifically to help low-income students. 
Now, the $23 billion that is spent 
through this bill we are debating is a lot of money, but it is only about 4 per-cent of the total amount this Nation spends each year on kindergarten through 12th grade public education. The Federal Government contributes another 4 or 5 percent to K-through-12 education through various programs. But the rest of the money, about 90 percent, comes from State and local governments. 
Why No Child Left Behind must be 
fixed: The problems have been created by a combination of Presidential ac-tion—but let us not forget our own re-sponsibility and our own fault for this problem. That is called congressional inaction. So it is the combination of Presidential action and congressional inaction that has led us to a situation where we have a bill described by a major news magazine as ‘‘the edu-cation law that everybody wants to fix.’’ 
It started in 2001, when President 
George W. Bush and Congress enacted a bill called No Child Left Behind, which requires a total of 17 tests between reading and math and science during a child’s elementary and secondary edu-cation. The results of these tests must be disaggregated and reported accord-ing to race, ethnicity, gender, dis-ability, and other measures so parents, teachers, and the community can see which children are being left behind. 
In other words, a typical third grader 
would have two tests, one in reading and one in math. Each test should last about 2 hours. Then that test for that school would be reported to the public, and you would break it down according to the groups I just mentioned, and we could see if any group of children in any community is being left behind. 
That wasn’t all the law did. The law 
also created Federal standards—cre-ated here in Washington—for whether a school is succeeding or failing, what a State or school district must do about that failure, and whether a teacher was highly qualified to teach in a class-room. Those are Washington, DC, defi-nitions. 
If fixing No Child Left Behind were a 
standardized test, Congress would have earned a failing grade for each of the last 7 years because No Child Left Be-hind expired in 2007. We have been un-able to agree on how to reauthorize it. As a result, the law’s original require-ments stayed in place and gradually became unworkable. As I mentioned earlier, this would have caused all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4663 July 7, 2015 
America’s public schools—almost all of 
them—to be classified as failing schools under the terms of the law. 
The reason for that was the law set 
up as a goal that by 2014 all children would be proficient in reading and mathematics. That sounded like a fair enough goal to have when you are looking at it from 2001. But the closer we got to 2014—even by some of the lowest and easiest definitions of pro-ficiencies established by States—it was 
clear that most children and most schools wouldn’t reach that goal. So President Obama’s Education Sec-retary offered waivers from the terms of the law, and today 42 States operate their public schools under the terms of those waivers from the original provi-sions of No Child Left Behind. 
But instead of just saying yes or no, 
here is a waiver, each of those waivers contains some requirements. The Sec-retary really had the State over a bar-rel. He said: If you want a waiver from these unworkable provisions, you are going to have to do a few things. One is to adopt certain academic standards. That turned out to be, in most cases, Common Core. One was to take pre-scribed steps to help failing schools. Another was to evaluate teachers in a defined way. 
There was so much new Federal con-
trol of local schools over the last sev-eral years that this has produced a backlash against Common Core aca-demic standards, a backlash against teacher evaluation, and against tests in general. Governors and chief State school officers complain about Federal overreach. Infuriated teachers say the U.S. Department of Education has be-come a national human resources de-partment or, in effect, a national school board. 
This doesn’t just come from Repub-
licans. This comes from Democratic chief State school officers who have come to my office and who have come to Senator M
URRAY ’s office and have 
said: Please give us more flexibility. We are with the children. We are in our States. We think we know what to do. 
They say it in different ways maybe 
if they are Republicans or Democrats, but they all basically have said the same thing, which is why we have this consensus, at least so far on how to fix this legislation, this law that every-body wants to fix. 
So what is this remarkable consensus 
on how to fix the law? Here are nine things the bill does. No. 1, it strength-ens State and local control. The bill gives responsibility for creating what we call accountability systems to States. Now, ‘‘accountability systems’’ simply means who is in charge of mak-ing sure the job gets done. Well, that goes to States, working with school districts, with teachers and with others to make sure all students are learning and preparing for success. The account-ability systems will be State designed. They will meet minimum Federal pa-rameters, including ensuring that all students and subgroups of students are included in the accountability system. Disaggregating student achievement 
data—those are the tests I talked about earlier. In establishing chal-lenging academic standards for all stu-dents, the Federal Government is pro-hibited from determining or approving State standards. So if you are in Alas-ka, Tennessee or Washington, the Fed-eral Government says if you want the Federal money, you have to have chal-lenging standards and you have to have a test of those standards. But those are your standards, and those are your tests. You need to publicize them so the world can know how kids in schools are doing, but the Secretary in Wash-ington is specifically prohibited by this proposal of ours from determining or approving those standards. 
No. 2, our legislation would end the 
Common Core mandate. The bill af-firms that States may decide for them-selves what academic standards they will adopt without interference from Washington, DC. 
I mentioned a little earlier how the 
$4.4 billion pot of money caused as many as 30 States to immediately say: Yes, we will adopt Common Core. Now, maybe they were going to do it any-way, and we can talk about that more in just a minute, but that is what it did. 
The Federal Government may not, 
under our proposal, mandate or incentivize States to adopt or maintain any particular set of standards, includ-ing Common Core. States will be free to decide what academic standards they will maintain in their States. If they want Common Core, they can have Common Core. If they want half of Common Core, they can have half of it. If they want uncommon core, States can have that. They simply have to have standards, and the Secretary is prohibited from telling them what those standards are. 
No. 3, the bill would end the Sec-
retary’s waivers. The waiver provision was a small part of the original bill in 2001. I doubt if those who passed it ever expected it would be used the way it has been used by the current Sec-retary. The bill prohibits the Sec-retary, though, from mandating addi-tional requirements for States or school districts seeking waivers from Federal law. 
In other words, if I come as Governor 
of Tennessee to the Secretary of Edu-cation and say: I would like to have a waiver. He can say yes or he can say no, but he can’t say: Well, you can get a waiver if you will evaluate teachers this way, adopt these standards, and fix these performing schools in that way. That is up to the State. The bill limits the Secretary’s authority to dis-approve a waiver request as well. 
No. 4, the bill maintains important 
information for parents, teachers, and communities. No issue has stirred as much controversy in our discussion as testing. No Child Left Behind required students to take 17 standardized tests over the course of their kindergarten through 12th grade education, and it attached high stakes for schools, 
school districts, and States to the re-sults. As we studied the problem, as we listened to teachers and Governors and people of both political parties, it be-came obvious to us that it wasn’t so much those 17 federally required tests but the stakes attached to them. 
A third grader, for example, is re-
quired to take only one test in math and one test in reading. The testimony of the Denver school superintendent was that each of those tests takes about 2 hours. If you take two tests in the third grade and two in the fourth grade—and those are the tests that are publicized so people can tell whether the school is succeeding or the child is succeeding or children are being left behind—that is not very much time out of the school year. But the account-ability system for what to do about the test results contributed to the explod-ing number of State and local tests. Many of them were given to prepare students for the high-stakes Federal tests. 
Our proposal maintains the federally 
required two annual tests in reading and math in grades 3 through 8 and once in high school, as well as science tests given three times between grades 3 and 12. 
These important measures of student 
achievement need to be reported pub-licly so parents can know how their child is performing. It is important the results be disaggregated so we know if any particular group of students is being ignored or left behind. It can also help teachers support students who are struggling to meet State standards. 
We have included in our proposal be-
fore the Senate an amendment from Senator C
OLLINS and Senator S ANDERS  
for a pilot program which would allow States additional flexibility to experi-ment with innovative assessment sys-tems—meaning tests—that might re-place the kind of standardize tests used today. It is important to point out that the Federal requirement isn’t for a par-ticular test. It simply says the State has to have one and the State has to publicize it in a special way. 
No. 5, our proposal ends Federal test- 
based accountability. We discovered that the problem is the Federal Gov-ernment’s accountability system for what to do about the results of these tests, which has contributed to the ex-ploding number of State and local tests. Said another way, it is the ‘‘made in Washington’’ decision about what a qualified teacher is, how to evaluate a teacher, and what is ade-quate yearly progress in a school. All of that is what seems to have caused the exploding number of tests we have heard about so much. 
To give an example, in testimony it 
was said to us that Fort Myers, FL, had 183 tests for children in the kinder-garten through 12th grade career of a child. We know only 17 of those are Federal tests under No Child Left Be-hind. So where are the rest of the tests coming from? They are State and local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4664 July 7, 2015 
tests. Once the spotlight was shown on 
Fort Myers, FL, and their 183 tests, it became clear it wasn’t No Child Left Behind causing that—or at least it wasn’t Federal tests but State and local tests that were causing this. Then the number of tests quickly went down. 
Because of this, our proposal ends the 
high-stakes Federal test-based ac-countability system of No Child Left Behind and restores the accountability system to State and local responsi-bility to hold schools and teachers ac-countable. 
Teachers are in the assessment busi-
ness. They said to us: Look, there are many different types of tests and as-sessments. We do this all the time. We have pop quizzes, we have end-of-the- year tests, we have standardized tests, we have multiple choice tests, and we have open-ended questions. We need to be deciding what those assessments should be, and we need to be deciding what weight each of those has in decid-ing how this child is doing or how this school is doing or how this group of children are doing. So they don’t really object to having a standardized test as one of the measurements. What they object to is having a single standard-ized test—set in Washington, DC— count for so much and to pretend that here we can make a decision about what may be going on in native schools in Alaska or the mountains of Ten-nessee or schools in Harlem. 
States must include these standard-
ized tests in their accountability sys-tem, but States will determine the weight of these tests. States will also be required to include graduation rates, another measure of academic success for elementary schools, English proficiency for English learners, and one other State-determined measure of school success or student support. 
States may also include other meas-
ures of student and school performance in their accountability systems in order to provide teachers, parents, and other stakeholders with a more accu-rate determination of school perform-ance. 
State accountability systems must 
meet limited Federal guidelines, in-cluding challenging academic stand-ards for all students, but the Federal Government is prohibited in this pro-posal from determining or approving State standards. So whether a State adopts common core or any other aca-demic standard is entirely the State’s decision. 
This transfer of responsibility for de-
termining what to do about the results of tests is why we believe our proposal will result in fewer and more appro-priate testing for children. 
There are three more things that our 
proposal does. No. 6, it strengthens the charter school program. The bill pro-vides grants to State entities and char-ter management organizations to start new charter schools and to replicate or expand high-quality charter schools, including by developing facilities, pre-paring and hiring teachers, and pro-viding transportation. It also provides 
incentives for States to adopt stronger charter school authorizing practices, increases charter school transparency so we can know what is going on, and improves community engagement in the operation of charter schools. 
Charter schools are public schools. I 
remember in 1992, when I was Edu-cation Secretary, the last thing I did was that I wrote a letter to all the school superintendents in the country in all the different school districts—I guess there are 14,000 or 15,000—and asked them to consider creating in their school district one of the new start-from-scratch schools that had been created in the State of Minnesota by the Democratic-Farmer-Labor gov-ernment. There were 10 of them, and they called them charter schools. Those were the first 10 charter schools. 
There are 6,700 charter schools today. 
About 6 percent of all public school students go to charter schools. Charter schools, in my view, are nothing more than public schools in which teachers have the freedom to give children what those children need, and parents have the freedom to choose the school that their child attends. I think any teacher would much prefer to have that sort of arrangement and that sort of free-dom—freedom from State regulations, freedom from Federal regulations, free-dom from some union rules—so they can provide for the children who come to that school and who choose to go to that school the kind of education those children deserve. 
No. 7, our proposal would help States 
fix the lowest performing schools. The bill includes Federal grants to States and school districts to help improve low-performing schools identified by State accountability systems. School districts will be responsible for design-ing evidence-based interventions for low-performing schools with technical assistance from the States. The Fed-eral Government is prohibited from mandating, prescribing or defining the specific steps school districts and States must take to improve these schools. 
Why would one do that? Let me give 
an example of what goes on today. Under the waiver requirements, if you have a low-performing school, you have to identify a certain number. That is prescribed by Washington. Then you have six ways you can fix the school. I insisted a couple of years ago that we add a seventh. Showing my old Gov-ernor biases, I said: Let’s allow a State to come up with a seventh way of im-proving a low-performing school, and that would be whatever the Governor thinks would be the best way to do it. That was adopted by the Congress. About 12 months later, out came a reg-ulation from the U.S. Department of Education defining, limiting, and ex-plaining what a Governor could do about it. 
The whole purpose of the exercise 
was to get rid of that sort of instruc-tion from here and to recognize that Governors themselves might feel like 
their principal responsibility might be to improve a low-performing schools. I always did when I was there. And I, with all respect, didn’t really need ad-vice from Washington, DC, about how to do it. 
No. 8, it helps States support teach-
ers. The bill provides resources to States and school districts to imple-ment activities to support teachers, principals, and other educators, includ-ing through high-quality induction programs for new teachers and ongoing rigorous professional development op-portunities. The bill allows—but doesn’t require—States to develop and implement teacher evaluation systems. 
I know I am using some of my own 
experiences here, but that is how I have learned. I believe that teacher evaluation is the holy grail of public education. Parents are more important than teachers, but I have yet to figure out how to pass a better parents law. 
Most of the evidence we know about 
shows that the single most important way to help a child succeed is to put that child in the presence of a really exceptional teacher. So in 1984, Ten-nessee became the first State to pay teachers more for teaching well. That included a 1
1⁄2-year brawl with the Na-
tional Education Association, which objected to it. 
President Reagan was President 
then. He came to Tennessee not to tell us to do it and not with any Federal dollars but just to say this is impor-tant to do and this is good to do. That helped me greatly in passing it in the legislature, which was Democratic at the time, and this kind of leadership began the process across the country that has spread—the evaluation of teachers—to identify the better teach-ers, to encourage them, to reward them, and to try to keep them in the teaching profession. 
It was assumed when I came here 
that because I was so involved in teacher evaluation, I would want to come to Washington and say: OK, now everybody has to do what Tennessee did. But I have done just the reverse. The last thing we needed in Tennessee when we were trying to do teacher evaluation in a fair way was Wash-ington looking over our shoulder, mak-ing it more difficult and complicated. 
Evaluating good teachers, particu-
larly rewarding outstanding teaching, is not easy to do. It sounds simple, but it is hard. It needs something teachers can buy into that may be different in Alaska and Tennessee and Washington, and it needs to respect what the cir-cumstances are in each place. The goal is to reward outstanding teachers and make teaching more professional and to recognize that excellent teachers of math have great opportunities at IBM or some other company. I want to en-courage that. This does that, but it doesn’t mandate it from Washington. 
No. 9, finally, this helps States im-
prove the fragmentation of early child-hood programs. I suspect we will hear a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4665 July 7, 2015 
lot about this from Senator M URRAY  
because we heard a great deal about it in the committee from her. She is a preschool teacher. Her mother was as well. I think one of the things Senator M
URRAY learned as a preschool teacher 
was how to work well with others, which is what 5-year-olds learn. She is a passionate advocate for early child-hood education—more than we have in this bill. But we have an important step forward in this bill, in my opinion, that Senator M
URRAY and Senator 
ISAKSON offered as an amendment. It 
was approved by the committee. 
It will provide competitive planning 
grants to help States expand quality early childhood education by address-ing the fragmentation of spending of Federal dollars currently through early childhood education programs. We spend about $8 billion on Head Start. We spend about another $6 billion or $7 billion on child development block grants. That total amount of money is as much money as we spend in the en-tire title I program for kindergarten through the 12th grade. We spend an-other $8 billion or $10 billion through-out different parts of the Federal Gov-ernment for early childhood education. Then there is State funding for early childhood education. Then there is local funding. Then there is private funding. 
For example, the testimony from the 
superintendent of education from Lou-isiana was that, as much as more money, what would help create more educational opportunities for children ages 2, 3, and 4, is for States and local governments to be able to spend the money we are already spending more effectively. He said: There are too many silos. You can’t use the Head Start money in conjunction with this money or that money or in conjunction with this money. This proposal in our bill would be a step toward helping States use Federal dollars more effec-tively in early childhood education. 
Finally, I said earlier that if fixing 
No Child Left Behind was a standard-ized test, Congress would have earned a failing grade for the last 7 years. In each of the last two Congresses, the Senate committee that Senator M
UR-
RAYand I head produced bills to fix No 
Child Left Behind. But these bills di-vided our committee along party lines. Even so, two Congresses ago, Senator E
NZI, Senator K IRK, and I voted with 
the Democratic majority to report a bill out of committee so that the full Senate could act. 
In the last Congress, the committee 
majority passed a partisan bill without any Republican votes, but I committed to support Chairman Harkin in taking the bill to the floor if there would be an open amendment process. 
Unfortunately, these bills never 
reached the floor. We needed, obvi-ously, to do something different, which is where Senator M
URRAY ’s leadership 
became so important. She suggested the way that we proceeded, which al-lowed us to create a bridge across the partisan divide so that we could rec-
ommend to the full committee a bipar-tisan solution upon which they could build and upon which the full Senate could build. 
I accepted her suggestion, and I have 
repeatedly thanked her for it. She and I have listened carefully to our Senate colleagues, to teachers, principals, Governors, chief State school officers, students and parents, and to the busi-ness and civil rights communities, and we have listened to each other. I am grateful that the majority leader has put the bill on the floor and that the Democratic leader has allowed it to come to the floor expeditiously. 
Senators with amendments will have 
a chance to have a vote on those amendments. Already in our Senate education committee, we considered 58 amendments, and we have adopted 29. We have had a fair and open process, which I believe is the main reason the committee vote was unanimous. 
I would like to say this: Senator 
M
URRAY and I have exercised restraint. 
Neither of us has insisted on forcing into the bill every proposal about which we feel strongly. We know that to get a result we have to achieve con-sensus. We know that in the Senate, ‘‘consensus’’ means at least 60 votes. We know that if we succeed here, we will have to deal with our friends in the House of Representatives. After that, if we want a result, which we do, we want the President’s signature. We want to fix No Child Left Behind—not just make a political statement. 
The only major objection to this bill 
that I have heard is one from some groups that believe the path to higher standards, the path to better teaching, and the path to real accountability is through Washington, DC, instead of State by State. 
I would like to offer three reasons 
why I think this is wrong and why I be-lieve our consensus to restore decisions to those closest to the children is right. 
No. 1, States are better prepared 
today to set higher standards, to evalu-ate teachers, to develop good assess-ments, and to develop good account-ability systems than they were when No Child Left Behind passed in 2001. President Bush and President Obama can take some credit for that and should. 
No. 2, the national school board—as I 
call it—which has been created over the last 10 years as we move more and more responsibility from States to Washington, DC, has created a back-lash. It has made it harder to have higher standards. It has made it harder to evaluate teachers. It has showed conclusively that the better path to higher standards, better teaching, and accountability is through the States and not through Washington. 
No. 3, most Americans understand 
that you don’t get wiser and more car-ing simply by getting on a plane and flying to Washington. In fact, the peo-ple closer to the children are usually better equipped to make decisions 
about their well-being. 
I have, principally because of age, a 
long view of this whole process. States are better prepared today than they used to be. I was Governor when Terrel Bell, President Reagan’s Education Secretary in 1983, issued ‘‘A Nation at Risk,’’ saying that our schools were in such a shape that if a foreign country had done that to our country, we would have considered it an act of war. 
I worked together with other Gov-
ernors—the Governors who were elect-ed adjacent to me, especially Governor Clinton, Governor Riley, and Governor Graham—and the National Governors Association. In 1985 and 1986, Governor Clinton and I caused all of the Gov-ernors to work on something we called ‘‘Time for Results’’ to begin to move State by State toward more achieve-ment for our students. Then in 1989, President George H. W. Bush called the Governors together to a summit and set national education goals. 
That never happened before in our 
country. It may sound like an easy thing to do, to say let’s have goals of all children being proficient in math, science, English, history, and geog-raphy. But just to pick those subjects was a controversial topic. Just to spend that time on it was a great step forward. 
Then ‘‘America 2000’’ in 1991 and 1992, 
when I was Education Secretary, was the way to reach the goals. That is where we began to see this debate again. Is the best way to do it State by State, community by community or is the best way to do it through Wash-ington, DC? President George H. W. Bush believed the best way to do it was State by State, community by commu-nity. He advocated voluntary national standards, but they were voluntary. He advocated voluntary national tests, but they were voluntary. He advocated accountability systems, but they were voluntary as well. He advocated more choices for parents of low-income chil-dren and an expansion of charter schools. 
What the Governors have done since 
that time is worked together State by State to create our standards, better tests, and better accountability sys-tems. The Governors have also agreed that States would take the so-called NAEP test, the National Assessment of Educational Progress, which is a sam-ple test. Not all students take it. But it keeps the Governor of Tennessee from setting a low standard, which we once did so we looked good when we achieved that standard. Now we can know whether Alaska and Tennessee are really comparable because that test is public and we take it. 
The second point I made about this 
was about the backlash. It may seem counterintuitive to say that it is hard-er to create higher standards because of the Common Core debate, but you would understand it pretty well if you ran for the Senate in a Republican pri-mary or even in a general election, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4666 July 7, 2015 
which I did last year. Common Core 
was an issue both in the primary and in the general election. What I said was this: Wait a minute; I think Wash-ington should stay entirely out of it. But people were so upset with Common Core, not really so much because of what is in it but because Washington was requiring it or at least it seemed to them that it was Washington taking over local schools. 
The truth of the matter was that 
Common Core began with Bill Bennett, a former Education Secretary and a leading conservative, when he was head of the National Endowment for the Hu-manities here in Washington, DC. He sponsored research by E.D. Hirsch in Virginia, who wanted to put more rigor in academic curriculum. 
When the first President Bush called 
the Governors together and said we want to set these high goals and Gov-ernors begin to talk about what the standards for the proposed goals are, Governors began to work together on something called Achieve. There were some who said: Let’s have Washington do it. 
But the Governor said: No, you stay 
out of it; we will do it together. 
It was out of this that the Common 
Core academic standards came to-gether. It was basically a bunch of con-servative Governors working together to add rigor to the system. But what spoiled it was that Washington’s in-volvement in it in the 1990s created this enormous backlash and now Gov-ernors are backpedaling. At a time when, for example, in our State we have advanced manufacturing coming in and workers need to know a lot in order to get a job, we are arguing about whether to have high standards be-cause of the backlash against Common Core. We need to get Washington out of the Common Core debate and let Ten-nessee and every other State make their own decisions about what their academic standards should be. Then, if you don’t like what your child is learn-ing, you can go talk to your Governor or your legislature and they have 100 percent of the authority to decide whether that is good or whether that is bad. 
Then there is teacher evaluation. As 
I said, I spent a lot of time on that in the 1980s and since. It is hard to do. It is hard enough to do without adding a new element, and the new element is the highly prescriptive method that is defined from Washington about how to do a teacher evaluation. That produced a backlash. 
Teachers unions are up in arms. 
When they are up in arms, that makes it harder to put in a teacher evaluation system. If you believe, as I do, that high standards and teacher evaluation are the underpinnings of a great edu-cation system and are the way that you help children learn what they need to know and are able to do, you do not want to create a backlash to those ef-forts by insisting on prescriptive defi-nitions from Washington, DC. Finally, it is a strange idea, as I men-
tioned earlier as well, to suggest that those of us who fly from Knoxville to Washington—or Senator M
URRAY flies 
a long way each week and goes all the way to the West Coast and back, but almost all of us go home almost every weekend—get that much smarter and that much wiser on the plane flying here. I may get a little less smart and a little less wise on the plane flight here. It doesn’t help me to know any more about what is going on in the Tennessee mountains or the native areas of Alaska or in eastern Wash-ington State by being here in Wash-ington, DC. 
We spend 4 percent of the Nation’s 
education dollars through this bill we are debating today. I think we have a right to ask: How are these children doing? Take a test, report the results, and let us see if children are being left behind. But we shouldn’t presume then to say: Here then is what you ought to do about it. We are going to decide who is succeeding, who is failing, what the right way to fix that is. We can’t do that with 50 million children, 100,000 schools, and 3.5 million teachers. All those are better done by men and women who are closer to the children. 
One of the most eloquent statements 
of what I just said came from Carol Burris, New York’s 2013 High School Principal of the Year. She wrote us after we began work on our proposal and put it online and this is what she said: 
Remember that the American public 
school system was built on the belief that local communities cherish their children and have the right and responsibility, within sen-sible limits, to determine how they are 
schooled. 
While the federal government has a very 
special role in ensuring that our students do not experience discrimination based on who they are or what their disability might be, Congress is not a National School Board. 
That is the principal of the year in 
New York State saying that. 
She went on to say: 
Although our locally elected school boards 
may not be perfect, they represent one of the purest forms of democracy that we have. Bad ideas in the small do damage in the small and are easily corrected. Bad ideas at the federal level result in massive failure and are far harder to fix. 
That is advice from the New York 
Principal of the Year. In other words, our well-intentioned guidance from Washington is usually not as effective as a decision made in the home, class-room, and community by those closest to the children. 
What we heard over and over from 
Democrats as well as Republicans was that while continuing measurements of academic progress are important in holding schools and teachers account-able, we should respect the judgments of those closest to the children and leave to them most decisions about how to help 3.4 million teachers help 50 million children in 100,000 public schools. 
A little humility on our part is an 
important part of the recipe for a suc-cessful fix of No Child Left Behind. I 
look forward to this debate. I particu-larly look forward to fixing this law that everybody seems to agree has to be fixed, and that most people seem to agree on how to fix it. 
If Senators were in a classroom, none 
of us would expect to receive a passing grade for unfinished work. Seven years is long enough to continue fixing No Child Left Behind. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senator from New Jersey, Mr. B
OOKER , follow 
my remarks on the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, since 
our Nation’s founding, the idea of a strong public education for every child has been a part of the fabric of America because when all students have the chance to learn, we strengthen our fu-ture workforce, our country grows stronger, and we empower the next generation of Americans to lead the world. A good education can provide a ticket to the middle class, so improv-ing education is an important part of what it means to grow our economy from the middle out, not from the top down. 
Today marks the first day of debate 
on our bipartisan bill to strengthen our education system by reauthorizing the Nation’s K–12 education law, the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act, or ESEA. This work is a chance to re-commit ourselves to the promise of a quality education. For every child, it is an opportunity to finally fix the cur-rent law, No Child Left Behind. 
I have been very proud to partner 
with the senior Senator from Ten-nessee throughout this process, and I commend Chairman A
LEXANDER for 
working with me to create this bipar-tisan bill and for passing the Every Child Achieves Act through the edu-cation committee with unanimous sup-port. 
I think it is important at the onset 
to discuss why we need to fix the cur-rent law. I also would like to lay out what we accomplished in the Every Child Achieves Act and go through how I think we can best strengthen this bill and pass it through the Senate with bi-partisan support. 
I wish to acknowledge my committee 
members as well. This bill is better thanks to their hard work and commit-ment to their priorities and their com-munities. 
Nearly everyone agrees that No Child 
Left Behind is badly broken. For one, the current law required States to set standards for schools but then didn’t give the schools the resources they needed to meet those standards. Sec-ond, across the country we are still seeing inequality in education, where some schools simply don’t offer the same opportunities as others, and some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4667 July 7, 2015 
schools still have very large achieve-
ment gaps. 
I have seen firsthand how this law is 
not working for my home State of Washington. No Child Left Behind has become so unworkable that the Obama administration began issuing waivers to exempt States from the law’s re-quirements. Washington State had re-ceived a waiver but lost it last year, and now most of the schools in my State are categorized as failing. 
A few months back, I stood here on 
the Senate floor and told the story of a mom from Shoreline, WA. Her name is Lillian. Last year her son was going into the fourth grade in the same school district where I once served as a school board member. Lillian’s son had a learning disability. With the help of 
teachers and specialists at his elemen-tary school, he showed great signs of progress. But then Lillian got a letter in the mail 2 weeks before school start-ed, and that letter described her son’s school as failing. That left her worried about the kind of education her son was getting, and she said it gave her a wave of uncertainty over the coming school year. 
I have traveled around Washington 
State over the past decade and I have heard from a lot of my constituents, from teachers in the classrooms, to moms at the grocery stores, to tech company CEOs. They all have the same message: We need to fix the No Child Left Behind law. I was very glad that earlier this year we got to work on a bipartisan basis to find common ground to do just that, and I remain convinced that the only way to ad-vance a bill to fix this broken law is with a bipartisan approach. Students, teachers, and parents are counting on us to do this, and now it is time to take the next step as we debate the Every Child Achieves Act here on the Senate floor. 
This bill is a strong step in the right 
direction to finally fixing No Child Left Behind and making sure all of our students have access to a high-quality public education. It addresses the high- stakes testing. I have heard from par-ent after parent, teacher after teacher in Washington State that students are taking too many tests. The current law overemphasized test scores to measure how students are doing in school. Our bill will give flexibility to States to use multiple measures—not just a sin-gle test score—to determine how well a school is performing. The bill will cre-ate a pilot program for States to design new assessments, and that will provide our States with a lot of flexibility for innovation. Those steps will reduce the pressure on our students, our teachers, and our parents so they can focus less on test prep and more on learning. 
The bill eliminates the one-size-fits- 
all provisions of No Child Left Behind that have been so damaging to our schools districts. Instead, the bill al-lows our communities, parents, and teachers to work together to improve schools and to ensure that every child receives a well-rounded education. The bill maintains Federal protec-
tions to help students graduate from high school college- and career-ready. The bill also requires States to identify schools that do need improvement. 
When the education committee de-
bated the bill, I was also proud, as the Senator from Tennessee mentioned, to work on a bipartisan amendment with Senator I
SAKSON to expand and im-
prove early learning programs. As a former preschool teacher, I have seen the kind of transformation early learn-ing can inspire in a child, so I am proud that this bill will help us expand access to high-quality early childhood edu-cation so more of our kids can start kindergarten ready to learn. 
There are a few key ways that I want 
to continue to improve this bill. First of all, I believe we should strengthen the accountability requirements in the bill. Too many schools have failed too many of our children for too many years. When we don’t hold the schools and States accountable for educating every child, it is the kids from our low- 
income backgrounds, kids with disabil-ities, kids who are learning English, and kids of color who too often do fall through the cracks. Before No Child Left Behind, it was easy for schools to overlook the performance of these vul-nerable groups of students. Before 2002, as long as the school’s overall perform-ance was OK, it didn’t matter if stu-dents of color or students from low-in-come backgrounds struggled to make progress year after year. The overall average of all students allowed achievement gaps to be swept under the rug even as some students fell fur-ther and further behind. We cannot go back to those days, and we can’t back-track on holding our schools account-able for helping all of our students learn. 
States should still be required to 
identify the schools that are struggling the most so they can get the help and resources they need to improve. States need to identify the schools where some groups of students aren’t making enough progress. These schools should get the support and locally designed interventions they need to better serve their students. Let’s remember that holding States accountable for all stu-dents will only work if schools get the resources they need to promote stu-dents’ success. 
Unfortunately, some schools simply 
don’t provide the same educational op-portunities as others. Oftentimes stu-dents of color don’t even have the op-tion to take an AP course or use up-to- date technology in the classroom. Afri-can-American and Latino students are significantly less likely to attend a high school that offers advanced math or art classes, and, on average, kids from low-income neighborhoods don’t have access to qualified and experi-enced teachers like students from wealthier neighborhoods often do. A ZIP Code should never determine a stu-dent’s academic success. We need to make sure all students have equitable resources. In the 1800s, Horace Mann, who is 
often called the father of American education, worked to make it universal and free for all. He famously said: ‘‘Education . . . is the great equalizer.’’ I believe that is true but only if we continue to hold ourselves accountable for providing educational opportunities to all students. The Every Child Achieves Act takes some very impor-tant steps to do that. As we debate this bill, I hope we can build on the progress and continue to move in the right direction. 
I do believe there are important ways 
we should be able to work together to improve the bill, but there are other ideas out there that may derail any chance of passing this bill and fixing No Child Left Behind. I know some of my Republican colleagues are inter-ested in making title I funding ‘‘port-able.’’ That name sounds innocuous enough, but that proposal would allow funds to be taken away from schools that need the help the most, and it would defy the original purpose of our Federal K–12 education law. ESEA was meant to help level the playing field for students growing up in poverty. Ef-forts to backtrack on our country’s commitment to target funds to the highest needs schools and instead give funding away to our more affluent schools is a nonstarter. 
Others are interested in voucherizing 
the public school system. That would undermine the basic goals of public education by allowing funding des-ignated for the most average students to flow out of the public school system and into mostly unaccountable private schools. Vouchers are unacceptable to me and would jeopardize our bipartisan work. 
I am looking forward to our debate to 
make this bill even better. Half a cen-tury ago President Lyndon Johnson di-rected Congress to improve education for our Nation’s students. In January of 1965, in what would be just months before signing the original ESEA into law, President Johnson said that when it comes to education, ‘‘nothing mat-ters more to the future of our coun-try,’’ and that remains true today. The future of our country hinges on our students’ ability to one day lead the world, and a high-quality education for every student is one of the best invest-ments our country can make to ensure we have broad-based and long-term economic growth. 
Finishing this process we are work-
ing on today and getting a bill signed into law isn’t going to be easy. Nothing in Congress ever is. But students, par-ents, teachers, and communities across our country, including in my home State of Washington, are looking to us here in Congress to fix this broken law. We cannot let them down. 
We need to work across the aisle to 
help our students and our schools and our teachers get some much needed re-lief from No Child Left Behind. We need to give our States flexibility while strengthening accountability and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4668 July 7, 2015 
resource equity. We need to work to-
gether to reaffirm our Nation’s com-mitment to ensuring that all students have access to a quality education re-gardless of where they live or how they learn or how much money their parents make. By doing so, we will help our Na-tion grow stronger for generations to come. 
I again thank the Senator from Ten-
nessee for his tremendous leadership in getting us to this point and for work-ing with us to make sure we get this bill to the President and signed into law so that we can all go home and say we fixed a badly broken law. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act. I rise today with the under-standing that I have been a Senator for just a short while—about 19 months— and with the knowledge that I stand in a body full of champions for our Na-tion’s kids. I am proud of the conversa-tions I have had on both sides of the political aisle and see the earnestness and hard work to ensure that America is a place where all children can thrive. 
I wish to give a special thanks to 
Senators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY , the 
chairman and ranking member of the Senate HELP Committee. They have worked tirelessly in an effort to expand educational opportunities for children, and I have no doubt that they have al-ready made lasting contributions to the lives of our children. In addition to that, they have taken a flawed legisla-tive reality in No Child Left Behind and have already made significant strides in improving it. It should be ap-plauded. They have done good work. In a nation that has been overcome with test craziness, they lowered those ri-diculous bars and barriers that are being put up at the local level to achieving high education. 
I am proud to see a bipartisan con-
sensus forming to correct the ills of No Child Left Behind which have been foisted upon school districts all over our country and which have made the quest for educational excellence more difficult, not easier or more empow-ering. 
I say all of that, but I must also say 
that I am here because there is an enormous amount of work still to do. This body must confront the dark places in our country where the ideals of the American educational system and where the dream of this country of equal access to opportunity is being failed. We have work to do. There is a moral urgency in this country, and that is what I am worried about today. 
It is deeply disconcerting to me that 
I cannot stand in the well of the Senate before you today and say that a child born in any ZIP Code in America will have access to a quality education and an equal shot in this Nation at learn-ing the skills they need to make the most out of their lives, to contribute to our country, and to live their Amer-
ican dream. 
It is troubling that I cannot stand 
here in the well of this auspicious body and say that we are leading our peers around the globe when it comes to the number of our kids—percentage of the population—who graduate from high school ready to succeed as part of the global economy. 
It is shameful and ignominious that I 
cannot stand here today and say that we are doing everything we can to en-sure that all of our students can suc-ceed and that we are holding those schools that are performing the worst in our Nation—those schools that often deal with the poorest of our country, the most marginalized of our country— that we are doing everything we can to serve them. 
There should be standards to which 
we hold ourselves accountable. For this Senator, it is this America where chil-dren are still struggling for the basic foundations of our ideals that concerns me. 
It was back in 1967 at Stanford Uni-
versity—my alma mater—that Martin Luther King stood and gave a speech about the other America. Sadly, we are a nation that still reflects these words from decades ago. He talked about a great America where children have quality schools, quality housing, and opportunities to succeed. That is the majority of our Nation. It makes us all proud and honored to serve this coun-try that is an example to the globe of what is possible in a vibrant and strong democracy. But in that speech, Martin Luther King also talks about the other America. It is in this America, he said, that people are poor by the millions. ‘‘They find themselves perishing on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity,’’ King said. 
He said: 
In a sense, the greatest tragedy of this 
other America is what it does to little chil-dren. Little children in this other America are forced to grow up with clouds of inferi-ority forming every day in their little men-tal skies. And as we look at this other Amer-ica, we see it as an arena of blasted hopes and shattered dreams. 
He details this other America by say-
ing that ‘‘many people of various back-grounds live in this other America. Some are Mexican-Americans, some are Puerto Ricans, some are Indians.’’ Millions of them are White. ‘‘But prob-ably the largest group in this other America in proportion to its size in the population is the American Negro.’’ 
We are moving now on education leg-
islation, but let’s tell the truth of what is happening in this other America— that there is still a dark underside where lack of achievement and lack of opportunity in this other America must be addressed. 
I have visited schools all over New 
Jersey. We are a State that is the envy of America in the quality of our schools. We have reached heights of educational attainment, and New Jer-sey youngsters go to great, prestigious 
universities all over our State and our country. I am proud that we are one of the greatest education States in Amer-ica. But I also know that even New Jer-sey has some schools—particularly in vulnerable places of high poverty—that fail to serve the genius of our children. 
I have also had the privilege to travel 
our Nation, having been invited to speak in cities from coast to coast, and, like New Jersey, I see signs of hope and signs of promise. I see kids going to schools in the toughest neigh-
borhoods, but those schools are more than schools-they are cathedrals of learning that serve their genius. Yet I am still told by parents from New Jer-sey and in our Nation, who look me in the eye and know their schools are fail-ing their kids—they don’t need reports from any government body to let them know their kids are not getting the education they deserve and to know the even more painful truth that their children, should they not get the edu-cation they deserve, will have options for themselves that are lost and con-stricted in this greatly global economy we have. 
I worry that if we put legislation for-
ward which does not keep those chil-dren in the center of our hearts and our minds, the consequences of dashing those dreams are great for our Nation. 
When I was a child, I heard this poem 
by Langston Hughes: 
What happens to a dream deferred? 
Does it dry up like a raisin in the sun? Or fester like a sore— And then run? Does it stink like rotten meat? Or crust and sugar over— like a syrupy sweet? Maybe it just sags like a heavy load. Or does it explode? 
In our country, people who are in en-
vironments with schools that fail the genius of our kids witness the disas-trous manifestation of that failure on a daily basis. We now know that in America, a young Black boy who does not graduate from high school has a 70 percent chance, without that diploma, of ending up in jail by his midthirties. We now know that in our prisons in this Nation, 67 percent of inmates are high school dropouts. We know that the national average spent for a stu-dent in our country is $12,643. Yet, somehow we allow funds to drain from the National treasure that are the kids in our schools, by spending almost $29,000, on average, to keep one person behind bars in federal prison. 
If we deny poor children a quality 
education, there will be disastrous con-sequences. We now know that in our Nation, if you are born in poverty, you have a 9-percent chance of going to col-lege. I will repeat that. If you are born in poverty, you have a 9-percent chance of going to college and graduating. This is unacceptable. 
We cannot design legislation in this 
body that does not stand up to this re-ality. Indeed, the legislation we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4669 July 7, 2015 
passing now has its roots in its initial 
focus on the disadvantaged. 
Fifty years ago this past April, Presi-
dent Lyndon B. Johnson sat in front of what once was a one-room schoolhouse in Texas, next to a woman named Kate Deadrich Loney, and signed into law the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act. It had a purpose to it. It had a mission. 
Sitting next to his former teacher 
and in front of his former school, Presi-dent Lyndon Johnson signed the law and said that this law ‘‘represents a major commitment of the federal gov-ernment to quality and equality in the schooling that we offer our young peo-ple. By passing this bill, we bridge the gap between helplessness and hope for more than five million educationally deprived children.’’ 
That is not all he mentioned, but he 
specifically focused on those disadvan-taged children—those 5 million in our Nation—who were not getting access to the American ideal, the American dream. Their dream was to be deferred or stolen or denied. 
Today in America, 6 percent of high 
schools fail to graduate one-third of their students. We must do better by them. It is this issue in our country that we have to recognize. 
As stated in President Johnson’s 
words, the Federal Government’s role in education has been that of a bridge between helplessness and hope, one that identifies the needs of the under-served and the most vulnerable stu-dents and the schools that are not serv-ing them. Since 1965, the Federal Gov-ernment has done a good job of playing a critical role in advancing equality and greater educational opportunity so that more children are included. The creation of Pell grants, title IX, and the first Education for All Handicapped Children Act are great strides our Na-tion has taken in being that bridge from helplessness to hope. 
The reauthorization of the critical 
legislation that first established that ‘‘bridge’’ has taken different forms over the past 50 years. In certain in-stances, as in the case of No Child Left Behind, it took a step too far. That is why this Senator praises Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY for 
beginning to correct the inadequacies and deficiencies and harm that bill has done. 
When it comes to reauthorization of 
the ESEA, we cannot allow for an over-ly prescriptive No Child Left Behind bill. We cannot afford to go back to that era. We must change. However, we cannot allow the pendulum to swing so far that we abdicate our responsibility to make sure every student—to make sure the students in that other Amer-ica are being served by a quality school. 
It is not overly prescriptive to ask 
schools that are failing to graduate a large share of their students to do something differently. It is not overly prescriptive to ask schools—these 6 percent of our schools that are dropout factories in our Nation—to make 
changes to honor the children, their beauty, their dignity, and their poten-tial. And it is certainly not asking too much that we who are putting hun-dreds of millions of dollars from the Federal Government into a system— that there is some accountability for these dropout factors. 
This body should be a steward of tax-
payer dollars. Congress has a role when it comes to the investments we make in housing, when it comes to the in-vestments we make in infrastructure, and when it comes to defense dollars, to make sure these dollars are serving the purpose to which they are ex-tended—to make sure these invest-ments produce returns for taxpayers. Today, the Federal Government and this body still have that critical role to play when it comes to making sure all American children have access to a quality education. 
The status quo is unacceptable. Too 
many of our children are still stuck in failing schools—schools that are so bad that they put thousands of children into that world where they do not have a chance at a college education or even getting a high school degree. The stu-dents succeeding in our country’s qual-ity schools will have the opportunity to become the next generation of teachers, mayors, police, firefighters, doctors, and Senators. They will lead the globe. This is what I am proud of as an American. The students in our country’s failing schools deserve to have that same opportunity. 
I know this from traveling our coun-
try and traveling our State: that prod-igy isn’t bounded by geography and that genius is equally distributed in our country. Talent is as concentrated in one ZIP Code as it is in another. There are as many geniuses in Camden as there are in Princeton. The next Einstein or Gates or Hemingway is as likely to be growing up in Newark as they are in the Upper East Side of Manhattan. I have seen schools flour-ish in poor neighborhoods. I have seen great schools meet incredible chal-lenges and succeed in educating our kids. We know it is possible, and we should expect better than we are seeing now. 
Our moral test is whether we will be 
able to attain success everywhere it might be found, whether we will be able to nurture the genius in all of our kids. We owe it to every child in Amer-ica to ensure that every door is open for them to demand better. We need to demand better for our kids. We need to keep them front and center as we con-sider this bill on the floor. 
I want to conclude by saying that we 
cannot succeed as a nation, in an in-creasingly global competitive environ-ment, if we leave genius on the side-lines. Our educational determination to help those children is not simply about them, it is about us. It is about whether we will get the full bounty of the strength and potential of our Na-tion or if we will cast many aside into those dark places, into that other 
America. 
We cannot now be damned by the 
self-defeating stakes of low expecta-tions for ourselves and all of our chil-dren. Kids who languish in this other America because of a lack of compas-sion and support and investment can-not afford to have less accountability for their success. 
I know as we debate this bill there 
will be resistance to the idea that those failing most, those stuck in drop-out factories, those in the other Amer-ica don’t deserve levels of account-ability. But I know that if we focus on those children, to keep them at the center of our thoughts, as was done by President Johnson when this bill origi-nated, I know we can be the America we want to be, a nation that when our children put their hands on their hearts and say those words, ‘‘liberty and justice for all,’’ that they are real, indeed, for all children. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
(Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
call up the Alexander-Murray sub-stitute amendment No. 2089. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ] proposes an amendment numbered 
2089. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
WORK IN THE SENATE AND NUCLEAR AGREEMENT  
WITH IRAN  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, last 
week I had a chance to travel the State of Texas. Of course, the Presiding Offi-cer can imagine, I had a chance to move around the State to listen to what people were saying and, frankly, to tell them what it is we have done on their behalf in the Senate so far this year. By and large, I heard that folks are happy to see the Senate back to work, under new management, and get-ting things done that they elected us to do. 
I spent a good amount of time out in 
West Texas and in the panhandle and had a chance to speak to a number of farmers and ranchers in that part of the State. They are, frankly, very pleased to hear that they will soon have access to new markets in Asia now that the trade promotion author-ity bill has been passed and is the law of the land, and we are currently in the final stages of negotiating the Trans- Pacific Partnership. 
The trade promotion authority, of 
course, passed last month and was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4670 July 7, 2015 
signed by the President, and it rep-
resents a true bipartisan accomplish-ment between Congress and the Presi-dent. While it is true that I disagree with the President more often than I agree with him, in this case we can both agree that opening new markets for our farmers, ranchers, and our small business people is good for our States and good for the country. 
Getting Texas beef, cattle, cotton, 
and other goods to new markets trans-lates into better jobs, better wages, and a better economic climate for hard-working Texans. But of course passing the trade promotion authority legislation is just one example of what this Chamber has accomplished so far this year. Under new leadership, the Senate has made tremendous progress from what this Senate used to be. We have seen the return to regular order, functioning as a deliberate body that considers a wide range of legislation to benefit the everyday lives of the Amer-ican people. 
I think pointing out that we voted on 
more than 130 amendments, compared to just the 15 that were voted on last year, is a great indicator that this Chamber is actually back working the way it should. The good news is, wheth-er you are in the majority or the mi-nority, everyone is getting a chance to participate in this process, and regular voting on amendments brought by any of our Members is now typical and not the exception to the rule. 
I mention we passed the trade legis-
lation, but overall the Senate has passed more than 40 bipartisan bills. We have seen 22 of those already signed into law by President Obama. So the American people let their voices be heard last November 4. They sent us here to do their work. This week, we will take up another important piece of legislation. We will take up an edu-cation bill that will ultimately give school districts in Texas and across the country more flexibility and more power to make the best choices for their students. 
I know the HELP Committee—the 
Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee—the committee of jurisdic-tion in education matters, has worked hard under the leadership of Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member M UR-
RAY. They brought this bill to the floor 
with a unanimous vote in the com-mittee. So I and others look forward to an open amendment process and a vig-orous debate over our Nation’s edu-cation priorities and the important role the States play and local control plays in making sure all students have access to educational opportunities. 
Later this week, we will likely have 
a chance to reconcile the language be-tween the House and the Senate version of the Defense authorization bill, a bill that will help equip our Armed Forces with the resources and give them the authorities they need to keep our country safe. Of course, the Senate will also continue discussions on how to responsibly address the chal-lenges facing the highway trust fund 
and find a way forward for our trans-portation networks. 
I remain optimistic that this Cham-
ber can ultimately take up appropria-tions bills that are needed to fund our troops on the battlefield and care for our veterans upon their return. Last month, our Democratic friends laid out a strategy, something they called the filibuster summer, saying unless they get 100 percent of what they want, that they are not going to allow the Senate to proceed to consider these appropria-tions bills. 
Well, I would like to just remind 
them there is a lot of work we have to do that needs to be done, and if we could just get back in the spirit of this bipartisan cooperation, everybody can let their voice be heard and their vote will count, but pure partisanship will not get the job done. The many Texans I spoke to back home want this spirit of diligent, focused work to continue. They certainly want to see us provide the resources to our troops that they need to carry out their mission. So while we have a strong track record so far in the 114th Congress, we still have a lot of work to do. I hope my friends across the aisle will continue to work with us on behalf of the people who sent us here. 
Separately, I know my colleagues 
and I are anxiously awaiting the news of the final outcome of Secretary Kerry’s ongoing negotiations regarding Iran and its nuclear aspirations. As we all know, earlier this year, Congress passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Re-view Act, which guarantees that Con-gress, on behalf of the American peo-ple, will have time to study, scrutinize, debate, and then ultimately vote on whether we approve or disapprove of the negotiated deal between Secretary Kerry and the administration and Tehran. 
If the President reaches a deal with 
Iran by Thursday, then Congress will have up to 30 days to review it and then to vote on whether to approve it. As I have said all along, I have grave con-cerns about how the President has been negotiating with one of our foremost adversaries, a country that constantly threatens the American people and our allies and has done nothing to garner our trust or respect. 
The broad outlines of the deal—of the 
potential deal—we have seen reported in the press don’t look particularly promising. It seems to get actually worse by the day. So I strongly encour-age the President and Secretary Kerry to remember that if you want a deal badly enough, that is exactly what you are going to get is a bad deal. So ‘‘any deal at any cost’’ is not the mantra of the American people who are under-standably very wary of any agreement with Iran. 
But, fortunately, the Senate has 
proved we will not stand by and watch the President as he makes far-reaching agreements without the consent of the American people through their elected representatives. So I look forward to 
working with my colleagues to give very careful scrutiny, certainly the sort of scrutiny this proposed deal de-serves, to make sure our country’s best interests are protected. If this deal does not protect our national security and the security of the region and our allies, Congress may have no other choice than to vote it down by passing a resolution of disapproval. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The Senator from Virginia. 
Mr. WARNER. Madam President, I 
rise to speak in support of an amend-ment I have filed to the Every Child Achieves Act that will be brought up, I believe, later today. In the spirit of my friend the Senator from Texas I am glad he has joined me on this amend-ment. I know as we get into this ter-ribly important education bill, I want to commend Senator A
LEXANDER , Sen-
ator M URRAY for their leadership in 
bringing it to the floor and trying to wrestle through the right balance of between Federal, State, and local part-nerships in education. I look forward to being a part of that debate. 
While we will spend hours on the 
floor of the Senate debating issues around accountability and assessment, terribly important issues, there is one issue I believe all of us in this body can agree upon, to make certain we ensure that all dollars that are spent on edu-cation are spent appropriately and in an efficient way and that most of those dollars end up in the classroom. 
This was a conversation I started 
when I was Governor of Virginia. When I looked around at the Commonwealth of Virginia, where we spend close to $9 billion a year on public education, I re-alized that many of the same debates we are having in the Chamber we were having in Virginia at that time. But again, one area where there was com-plete agreement was to make sure those dollars spent on education were spent efficiently. 
Too often school divisions, quite hon-
estly, didn’t know how to spend using best practices in terms of bus routes, energy usage, back-office staffing. How do you make sure you can take best practices around—I mentioned this was being done in Virginia, from around the State—and make sure those dollars were better spent, more efficiently, in the classroom. 
Well, we looked around the country 
and we actually found a program in Texas—again, why I am so grateful my friend the Senator from Texas, Mr. C
ORNYN , has joined me on this amend-
ment. We put in place a program to bring better accountability to our school divisions. 
As I mentioned, too many school di-
visions don’t have the ability to assess whether they are spending operational funds in the smartest way. My amend-ment helps school districts figure out how to be thoughtful about their oper-ations budget, which again allows them to put more money back into their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4671 July 7, 2015 
classrooms. I mentioned this was an 
initiative I started as Governor back in 2003 in Virginia. 
I mentioned as well that Virginia was 
spending a combined $9 billion in local, State, and Federal support for public schools. I felt it was very important we make sure that as much of those re-sources were spent in classroom in-struction and not in back-office admin-istrative functions. So, in Virginia, we asked our Department of Planning and Budget to design a school efficiency re-view program. Our public school divi-sions actually volunteered—a local school superintendent actually volun-teered to work with the State Depart-ment of Education. It took some level of trust, but they volunteered to under-go a review of their noninstructional functions, things like human resources, purchasing, facilities, transportation, and food service. 
So we launched this program, and 
over a decade reviews have been con-ducted in 41 localities around the Com-monwealth, in rural, suburban, and urban districts. Over the course of the history of this program, Virginia’s pro-gram has identified $45 million in an-nual potential savings. In Virginia, each review cost an average of about $110,000 and produced an average an-nual savings of $1.1 million, a return in investment of nearly 9-to-1, a return 
that allowed these dollars to be more valuably spent on instruction. 
These reviews recommend common-
sense steps: software programs to im-prove bus transportation routes, enter-prise-wide facilities management, best practices in purchasing and personnel, and smart, responsible steps to con-serve limited resources and direct those savings into the classroom. 
As I mentioned, we initially bor-
rowed this concept from Texas. Since that time, additional States, including Oklahoma, Minnesota, New York, Kan-sas, and Arizona, have implemented similar programs. 
This commonsense best practice 
should be available to school districts nationwide. That is why I am proud, along with Senator C
ORNYN , to offer an 
amendment that will allow States to use their title IX consolidated adminis-trative funds to pay for fiscal support 
teams. This proposal will empower lo-calities with the information they need to better allocate limited resources so they get a maximum impact in the classroom. I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. I believe this amendment will be brought up later by either Senator M
URRAY or Senator A LEXANDER , and I 
look forward to its consideration to-morrow. 
I yield the floor. Madam President, I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. WARREN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Ms. W
ARREN per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1709 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements of Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Ms. WARREN. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise 
today as the Senate begins its consid-eration of the Every Child Achieves Act under the leadership of Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member M UR-
RAY—two great leaders who have done 
a great job on this bill. The HELP Committee, under their leadership, has produced a truly bipartisan effort to find solutions to the seemingly intrac-table problems facing our educational system. I commend our distinguished chairman and ranking member for their leadership and their commitment to prioritizing concrete results over partisan grandstanding. 
While the nature of compromise 
means that this bill may not be perfect in each Senator’s eyes, it represents an opportunity for meaningful reform for America’s schools, and I urge my col-leagues to support its swift passage. 
Ensuring that every child has access 
to a high-quality education is a top pri-ority shared by all Republicans and Democrats alike. In 2001, I joined 86 of my colleagues in supporting No Child Left Behind to address the short-comings of our educational system. De-spite the best of intentions, No Child Left Behind fell short of true success. Its testing requirements hamper learn-ing by compelling students to take test after test to satisfy the law’s various requirements. Its focus on metrics incentivizes schools to report higher graduation rates even if that means pushing out failing students unpre-pared for the working world. Because of these and other unintended con-sequences, of course, the current law is in desperate need of reform. 
With the Every Child Achieves Act, 
Congress now has an opportunity to correct the shortcomings of No Child Left Behind. Instead of setting artifi-cial and unattainable requirements, the new legislation allows States to set their own standards for success. It de-fers to local leaders to formulate goals that are realistic and effective for their districts. It puts parents and teachers in the driver’s seat, not Washington bureaucrats. 
For years, States have sought relief 
from burdensome Federal mandates in education, and many States find them-selves in untenable positions thanks to Federal law. For example, my home State of Utah has struggled in the past few years with an impossible decision— 
either ask for a continuation of De-partment of Education waiver man-dates or fall back on unattainable No Child Left Behind requirements and risk losing crucial Federal funding all together. 
Under this new bill, States will con-
tinue to develop their own standards and will establish their own account-ability systems linked to these stand-ards. States will also be able to say what they want their accountability systems to measure and will be able to determine how well their students are doing based on a variety of important metrics. Maintaining the Federal re-quirement for statewide annual testing is necessary to ensure transparency on school performance and to set a bar by which States can measure themselves in a comparable fashion. 
My colleagues and I were able to 
make significant improvements to this legislation through the committee and the committee’s process. I was espe-cially pleased to see two amendments I care deeply about adopted by voice vote during the committee markup: the Innovative Technology Expands Children’s Horizons—or I-TECH—Pro-gram and the Education Innovation and Research Program. 
Senator B
ALDWIN and I worked close-
ly to develop I-TECH to ensure that technology in the classroom is coupled with teacher support to give students access to a wide range of personalized learning opportunities. By inter-twining technology and traditional teaching methods, we can tailor each student’s educational journey to his or her individual needs and learning style to boost achievement. 
With the Education Innovation and 
Research Program, Senator B
ENNET  
and I created a flexible funding stream that would allow schools, districts, nonprofits, and small businesses to de-velop proposals based on the specific needs of students and the community. Funding for that program will be awarded based on an initial evidence- based proposal, with continued funding tied to demonstrated successful out-comes flowing from the project. It is time we start looking at new ways of investing in education, much like we do in other realms. Money should not be tied to what the U.S. Senate or the Federal Department of Education thinks is a good prescriptive idea. It should be tied to local innovation and clear outcomes. 
Senator B
ENNET and I have ex-
pounded on that idea by pushing for Pay for Success Initiatives in the un-derlying bill, as well as in the amend-ment process on the floor. Pay for Suc-cess allows the government to pay only for programs that actually achieve meaningful results. I have offered an amendment to allow funding from the early childhood program to be used in this manner. 
My home State of Utah has the first- 
ever Pay for Success Program designed to expand access to early childhood 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4672 July 7, 2015 
education for at-risk children. The 
Utah High Quality Preschool Program delivers a high-impact, targeted cur-riculum that increases school readiness and academic performance among 3- and 4-year-olds. As children enter kin-dergarten better prepared, fewer stu-dents will need to use special education and remedial services in kindergarten through 12th grade, allowing schools and States to save money. We should build on this success and empower other States to do the same. 
In addition to these cost-saving pro-
grams, technology will also improve the quality of education in our coun-try, but advancements in technology must come side-by-side with a con-versation on how best to protect our 
children’s privacy. Education tech-nology is a multibillion dollar indus-try, and it is important to balance the needs for innovation and expansion in schools with reasonable privacy safe-guards. 
To that end, I joined with the senior 
Senator from Massachusetts in filing an amendment to this legislation to create a structured commission to study important aspects of the con-voluted world of student privacy. The primary law governing this realm—the Family Educational Rights and Pri-vacy Act—was last updated in 2001. Since Congress last acted in this area, there have been significant changes in the way student information is stored and how outside parties use that infor-mation. These changes have led to the introduction of numerous proposals to update this outdated law. 
The amendment Senator M
ARKEY and 
I have introduced strengthens student privacy by requiring a commission to report to Congress on the current mechanisms for transparency, parental involvement, research usage, and third- party vendor usage of student informa-tion. The Commission will also be tasked with providing suggestions for improvement. This process will allow privacy experts, parents, school lead-ers, and the technology industry to provide us with a clear consensus on how best to protect personal data while not hampering development in schools or access to the important data we gar-ner from aggregated student informa-tion. 
In addition to protecting student pri-
vacy, I have introduced another amendment crucial to ensuring success in all schools nationwide. The Every Child Achieves Act asks States to iden-tify low-performing schools and to allow localities to intervene in these schools. One of the greatest tools Con-gress could give localities in this proc-ess would be the power to renegotiate contracts and to reallocate money and policies in more effective ways. Under my amendment, many failing schools would be permitted to ask relief from contracts from vendors and unions, among others. These schools would also be able to renegotiate the terms of these contracts. 
Currently, school funding is trapped 
in a cobweb of unwieldy and com-plicated vendor contracts and collec-
tive bargaining agreements. Old, auto-matically renewing contracts with janitorial services, transportation ven-
dors, teachers unions, and testing com-panies represent massive locked-in ex-penditures. Education leaders need flexibility to enable failing schools to get a fresh start—the same opportunity available to successful charter and pri-vate schools. Right now, local leaders’ budgets and staffing decisions are largely shaped by forces beyond their control. My amendment will encourage more commonsense change from the Federal level to empower localities to act in the best interest of the students they serve. 
The bill we are now considering will 
make significant improvements to the quality of education in this country and the ability of our students to com-pete in a global economy once they enter the workforce. I strongly urge my colleagues to support these efforts, and I again express my congratulations and my support to the distinguished chairman and ranking member on this committee, Senator A
LEXANDER and 
Senator M URRAY , who have done a real-
ly good job in the best interests of chil-dren all over this society. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I thank the Senator from Utah for his remarks and his contribution to the committee’s legislation. He is a former chairman of the Senate’s education committee—we call it the Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions Com-mittee—and his contributions in this legislation on early childhood edu-cation and other matters are awfully important, and I thank him for his work. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. Madam President, let me 
just state that this legislation before us is of vital national importance, and I would like to commend Chairman A
LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY for 
their commitment to an open and in-clusive debate. They and their staffs have been unfailingly responsive, help-ful, and thoughtful throughout the process. I was a long-standing member of the education committee, having served on the Education and Labor Committee in the other body, and on the Health, Education, Labor and Pen-sions Committee for 14 years in this body. And I have had the privilege of working with my colleagues over the last two reauthorizations of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act. 
So, again, I must commend Senators 
A
LEXANDER and M URRAY for the ex-
traordinary work they have done and also my colleague Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE , who has been a major contrib-
utor to this effort. I am hopeful and confident, because of the leadership of Senators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY , that 
we will reach a strong bipartisan out-come on this very important piece of legislation. I appreciate the opportunity to con-
tinue to work with the committee on issues that are very important. The fair and equitable access to the core re-sources for learning, access to effective school library programs, professional development for teachers and prin-cipals, family engagement, and envi-ronmental education are all topics I think are critical, and I am very appre-ciative my colleagues also thought they were important and gave them very thorough and very fair consider-ation. 
I am convinced, if you provide the re-
sources, if you support teachers and principals and you engage families, students will thrive. This legislation reflects that perspective, and I appre-ciate that very much. 
Our challenges and our responsibil-
ities are to create and support learning environments that enable young people to hone their talents, discover their skills, and pursue their passions. In some respects, education is about find-ing a child’s talent—letting them find their talent. If you do that, then stand back, they will do wonderful things for themselves, their communities, and this Nation. 
In fact, our Nation is very much de-
pendent upon education to achieve our noblest ideals. As we create edu-cational opportunities for all, we fulfill the basic aspiration of this country. While we know we still have work to do, I am very pleased at the work that has been done so far by the committee. 
We are closing the gaps in high 
school graduation between minority and other students—majority stu-dents—but college education gaps are widening, and that is something that must be addressed. The debate we begin today is vital because the Elementary and Secondary Education Act is not just about elementary schools and high schools, it is about preparing young people for what comes next—for col-lege, postsecondary education, for ca-reers, and for contributions to their communities. We have to start at the beginning to get it right in the middle and in the end. Again, Senators A
LEX-
ANDER and M URRAY have brought this 
perspective, this bipartisan approach, and I commend them for it. 
This bill is an improvement over cur-
rent law. The Every Child Achieves Act maintains the critical transparency and high expectations for all students that were the hallmarks of the No Child Left Behind Act. It does so while updating the parts of the law that have become unworkable and counter-productive, such as the overly prescrip-tive approach to school improvement and corrective action. 
I am pleased the Every Child 
Achieves Act continues Federal sup-port in key areas for building strong and successful schools, including in-vestments in literacy and school li-brary programs, for professional devel-opment to strengthen educator effec-tiveness, and family engagement in education. From the beginning, access 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4673 July 7, 2015 
to effective school library programs 
was a critical part of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The re-sults from a recent National Center for Education Statistics survey shows there are still gaps in access to school libraries. 
Effective school library programs are 
essential supports for educational suc-cess. Multiple education and literacy studies have produced clear evidence that school libraries staffed by quali-fied librarians have a positive impact on student achievement. 
Now, Senator C
OCHRAN and I intro-
duced the Strengthening Kids’ Interest in Learning and Libraries—SKILLS— Act to ensure that school libraries con-tinue to be a part of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The Every Child Achieves Act recognizes this need by including an authorization to provide funds to high-need school districts to support effective school li-brary programs. 
Soon we will be voting on an amend-
ment that Senator C
OCHRAN and I are 
offering to further integrate school li-brary programs into the core Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act for-mula grant programs. I encourage all our colleagues to vote yes on this bi-partisan amendment that will support student learning. 
I am also pleased that the Every 
Child Achieves Act recognizes the im-portance of ensuring that disadvan-taged children have access to books in their homes from a very early age. Lit-eracy skills are the foundation for suc-cess in school and in life. Developing and building these skills begins at home, with parents as the first teach-ers. 
Senator G
RASSLEY and I introduced 
the Prescribe A Book Act to help ad-dress this issue, and the Every Child Achieves Act includes some key provi-sions from this legislation. 
We also know teachers and principals 
are two of the most important in- school factors related to school achievement. It is essential that teach-ers, principals, and other educators have a comprehensive system that sup-ports their professional growth and de-velopment starting on day one and con-tinuing throughout their careers. 
Senator C
ASEY and I introduced the 
Better Education Support and Training Act to create such a system. Once again, I am extraordinarily pleased that the Every Child Achieves Act in-cludes many of the provisions of that legislation, particularly the focus on equitable access to experienced and ef-fective educators. 
I remain concerned, however, that 
the failure to define an ‘‘inexperienced teacher’’ will mask inequities and will limit the usefulness of the reporting for parents and communities. I hope we can clarify this issue as we proceed for-ward. 
Family engagement is another crit-
ical area this bill addresses. I hope we will be able to strengthen these provi-sions by increasing the resources that school districts dedicate to meaning-
ful, evidence-based family engagement activities and by providing a statewide system of technical assistance that supports these efforts. 
I have been working with Senators 
C
OONS and B ENNET on amendments 
that make these additions to the bill based on the Family Engagement and Education Act that I introduced with Senators C
OONS and W HITEHOUSE in the 
past two Congresses. 
Most fundamental to the question of 
whether we move closer to achieving our ideals for educational equity and excellence is resources. The grand bar-gain of the No Child Left Behind Act was greater accountability coupled with greater resources. We have fallen short on accountability for resources. The authorized level for title I for fis-cal year 2007 was $25 billion. That is in the No Child Left Behind Act. Today, we are nowhere near that level—at only $14.4 billion. 
We need to be just as concerned 
about opportunity gaps as we are about achievement gaps, and that is why the first bill I introduced this Congress was the Core Opportunity Resources for Eq-uity and Excellence—CORE—Act to es-tablish an accountability mechanism for resource equity. We must look to hold our educational system account-able for both results and for resources. 
The Every Child Achieves Act in-
cludes some of what I proposed in the CORE Act by bringing some long-over-due transparency to resource equity, requiring States to report on key measures of school quality beyond stu-dent achievement on statewide assess-ments, including student access to ex-perienced and effective educators, ac-cess to rigorous and advanced course work, availability of career and tech-nical educational opportunities, and safe and healthy school learning envi-ronments. 
However, transparency alone is not 
enough. I am pleased to be working with Senators K
IRK, B ALDWIN , and 
BROWN on the opportunity dashboard of 
core resources amendment, which will add further provisions from the CORE Act; namely, some accountability for 
action on disparities in access to crit-ical educational resources. 
With more than one in five school- 
aged children living in families in pov-erty and roughly half of our public school students eligible for free or re-duced-price lunches, we cannot afford nor should we tolerate a public edu-cation system that fails to provide re-sources and opportunities for the chil-dren who need them the most. 
Again, I thank Chairman A
LEXANDER  
and Senator M URRAY for bringing this 
bill before us so thoughtfully, so care-fully, and with so much effort and ex-pertise, and their staffs also. I hope we can work together on this amendment to improve an already excellent bill. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I simply wish to acknowledge the con-tributions of the Senator from Rhode 
Island. He may not officially be on the committee, but he stays actively inter-ested in all of the education issues. He has made important contributions to the pending legislation in support of li-braries, and we are working with him on a number of matters, including risk sharing and higher education. So I thank the Senator from Rhode Island for his leadership and his continued in-terest in better schools and better col-leges and universities. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
PROTECTING STUDENTS FROM SEXUAL AND  
VIOLENT PREDATORS ACT  
Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, I 
rise to speak on S. 474, the Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act. 
This is a bipartisan bill that Senator 
J
OEMANCHIN and I introduced some 
time ago. We have been working on this for a while now, and we intend to offer this legislation as an amendment to the pending legislation, the reau-thorization of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act. 
This is a commonsense bill, designed 
simply to protect children from child molesters and predators—predators who infiltrate our schools because they know that is where the kids are. 
The vast overwhelming majority of 
school employees, we all know, are peo-ple who care very much about kids. It would never occur to them in a million years to do anything to harm the chil-dren in their care. But the fact is there are pedophiles in our society—there are predators in our society—and they do in fact look to find opportunities where they will find their prey. So we need protections against these people as they try to infiltrate our schools. These are protections I have been fighting for, for some time now, and I am not going to stop until we get this done. 
There are lots of reasons to have this 
fight. For me, as for so many people, it is personal. I have three young chil-dren. They are 15, 13, and 5 years old. When I send my kids to school in the morning and watch my children get on the schoolbus, I have every right to know I am sending my children some-where where they can be safe, where they can be cared for, where they can be in the safest possible environment, and every other parent deserves that too—every parent across Pennsylvania, every parent across America. 
Unfortunately, too many children 
and too many families have discovered this is not always the case. The hor-rific story which brought my attention to this cause and my passion for this was the story about a little boy named Jeremy Bell. 
The story begins in Delaware County, 
Pennsylvania. One of the school-teachers was molesting boys. He was a serial pedophile. He raped a boy. The school officials discovered what was going on. They brought it to the atten-tion of law enforcement, but law en-forcement authorities never had 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4674 July 7, 2015 
enough strong evidence to make a suc-
cessful criminal case. The school de-cided they would dismiss the teacher for sexually abusing students. But, ap-pallingly, the school also helped this teacher get a new job in West Virginia, where he became a teacher, in part be-cause he got a letter of recommenda-tion from the school that knew he was preying on their students. But they wanted him to be someone else’s prob-lem, so they gave him a letter of rec-ommendation. 
He went to a new school in a nearby 
State. Eventually, he became a prin-cipal. Along the way, of course, he con-tinued his ways, culminating in the rape and murder of a 12-year-old boy named Jeremy Bell. Justice did finally catch up with that monster. He is now in jail serving a life sentence for the murder of Jeremy Bell, but for Jeremy Bell that justice came too late. 
We would like to think this is a bi-
zarre and isolated event that could never happen again. Unfortunately, that is not the case. Last year alone, there were 459 school employees ar-rested across America for sexual mis-conduct with the children they are sup-posed to be taking care of—459—and those were the ones where there was enough of a case that the arrest was actually made. It is more than one per day. Twenty-six of them were in my State of Pennsylvania. 
Sadly, we are halfway through 2015 
now, and we are doing even worse. In the first half of 2015, there have been 265 such arrests. We are on pace to have well over 500 school employees across America arrested for sexual mis-conduct with the children they are sup-posed to be taking care of. 
Every single one of these stories has 
a terrible tragedy at the center: a little girl whose sexual abuse began at age 10 and only ended when at 17 years old she found herself pregnant with the teach-er’s child, a teacher’s aide who raped a young, mentally disabled boy in his care, a kindergarten teacher who kept a child in during recess, then forced her to perform sexual acts on him. 
This is hard stuff to talk about, but 
that doesn’t make it go away. I think we need to confront it, and the cases are too many to ignore. 
Senator M
ANCHIN and I decided it is 
time for Congress to act, to do some-thing to make it more difficult for these predators to carry out these ap-palling acts, so we introduced the Pro-tecting Students Act. It has two impor-tant goals, two protections, designed to prevent convicted sex offenders from infiltrating our country’s schools. The first is a standard background check process that will catch those who have been convicted. The second feature in our legislation would end this terrible practice we saw in the Jeremy Bell case—the practice of a school know-ingly helping a child molester find em-ployment in a new school, a practice called passing the trash. 
Now, both of these provisions, both of 
these ideas have very broad bipartisan support. The House of Representatives 
unanimously passed a bill including both protections last Congress, and just last fall Congress voted 523 to 1— both Houses combined voted unani-mously, with only one dissenting voice—for even more expansive back-ground check language enacted in the Child Care Development Block Grant that we all voted for, 523 to 1. 
In addition, Senator M
ANCHIN ’s and 
my legislation, the Protecting Stu-dents Act, has been endorsed by numer-ous organizations in various cat-egories. 
First, child protection groups: Na-
tional Children’s Alliance, which over-sees the Nation’s Children’s Advocacy Centers, the National Center for Miss-ing and Exploited Children, the Penn-sylvania Coalition Against Rape, the Children’s Defense Fund, the Pennsyl-vania Partnerships for Children. Law enforcement organizations overwhelm-ingly support our legislation: the Na-tional Association of Police Organiza-tions, the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association. Prosecutors sup-port Senator M
ANCHIN ’s and my bill. 
The Association of Prosecuting Attor-neys and the National District Attor-neys Association have both endorsed the bill. The medical professionals at the American Academy of Pediatrics and the Pennsylvania School Board As-sociation, they all have endorsed this legislation, and they have said it has two essential features, two ways in which we would be protecting our kids. 
The first is the criminal background 
check. Let me be clear. Every State in the Union performs some kind of back-ground check already. That is true. That is a fact. The problem is that many of them are woefully inadequate. For instance, several States fail to check all the school workers. They check teachers, for instance, but not nonteachers, and others will check cer-tain criminal databases, but they won’t check others, and so they miss convic-tions. 
Our legislation, Protecting Students 
Act, requires that if a school wants to accept Federal funds, it has to perform background checks on all adult work-ers who have unsupervised access to children. That would be both new hires and existing employees. 
Many States have only recently 
adopted background check policies. Many employees were hired before they put the background check policies in place, so many of these employees were never subject to a background check. 
Consider the case of 64-year-old Wil-
liam Vahey, who taught for decades across America and across the globe at some of the world’s most elite schools. He would give his young students Oreo cookies laced with narcotics. While the boys slept, the teacher molested them and photographed them. Scores of chil-dren were sexually abused. This teach-er had been convicted for sexual abuse of children in California when he was in his twenties, but he was hired before many States had background check re-quirements, and therefore he was 
grandfathered into the system. The Protecting Students Act ensures that convicted sex offenders like William Vahey will be discovered and they will not be hired. 
It also would include contractors. 
There are 12 States that don’t require background checks for contractors at all. This fact recently gave Montana parents a rude awakening. 
An audit of Montana’s busdrivers 
found that 123 drivers had criminal his-tories, including 1 driver whose convic-tion landed him on the Sexual and Vio-lent Offender Registry and 1 with an outstanding arrest warrant. 
Running checks is really only helpful 
if the checks are thorough enough to find all convictions. So our legislation would require the four major databases to be checked: the FBI fingerprint check in the National Crime Informa-tion Center database, the National Sex Offender Registry, the State criminal registry, and State child abuse and ne-glect registries. These background check requirements constitute the first part of our bill. As I said, this was passed unanimously in the House. I wouldn’t think this would be con-troversial. 
The second part of our bill is equally 
important, and that is the part which precludes passing the trash. It address-es the terrible acts that led to and made it possible for little Jeremy Bell to be raped and murdered. What this provision says is that if a school wishes to receive Federal funds, the school may not knowingly help a child mo-lester obtain a new teaching job. I would think this would not be con-troversial. The practice, as I alluded to before, has become so common, sadly, that it has its own moniker. It is called passing the trash. It has become all too prevalent. 
I see that the Senator from Ten-
nessee would like to address the body. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Will the Senator 
yield—— 
Mr. TOOMEY. I will. Mr. ALEXANDER. For the purpose of 
allowing me consent to take up several amendments, including Senator T
OOMEY ’s amendment, which he has 
worked on so hard for a long period of time and he and I have discussed? This will take about 60 seconds, if he per-mits this. Senator M
URRAY is here. 
I thank the Senator for his indul-
gence. 
I ask unanimous consent that the fol-
lowing amendments be offered by the two bill managers or their designees in the following order: Fischer, No. 2079; Peters, No. 2095; Rounds, No. 2078; Reed, No. 2085; and Warner, No. 2086. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2079 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mr. ALEXANDER. On behalf of Sen-
ator F ISCHER , I call up amendment No. 
2079 and ask unanimous consent that it be reported by number. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4675 July 7, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, the clerk shall report the amendment by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ], for Mrs. F ISCHER , proposes an 
amendment numbered 2079 to amendment No. 2089. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To ensure local governance of 
education) 
On page 800, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 9115A. LOCAL GOVERNANCE. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3), 9114, and 9115, and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9540. LOCAL GOVERNANCE. 
‘‘(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to allow the Sec-retary to— 
‘‘(1) exercise any governance or authority 
over school administration, including the de-velopment and expenditure of school budg-ets, unless otherwise authorized under this Act; 
‘‘(2) issue any regulation without first 
complying with the rulemaking require-ments of section 553 of title 5, United States Code; or 
‘‘(3) issue any non-regulatory guidance 
without first, to the extent feasible, consid-
ering input from stakeholders. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY UNDER OTHER LAW.—Noth-
ing in subsection (a) shall be construed to af-fect any authority the Secretary has under any other Federal law.’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2095 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mrs. MURRAY. On behalf of Senator 
PETERS , I call up amendment No. 2095 
and ask unanimous consent that it be reported by number. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, the clerk shall report the amendment by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Washington [Mrs. M UR-
RAY], for Mr. P ETERS , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2095 to amendment No. 2089. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To allow local educational agen-
cies to use parent and family engagement funds for financial literacy activities) 
On page 172, line 25, insert ‘‘financial lit-
eracy activities and’’ before ‘‘adult edu-cation’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2078 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mr. ALEXANDER. On behalf of Sen-
ator R OUNDS , I call up amendment No. 
2078 and ask unanimous consent that it be reported by number. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, the clerk shall report the amendment by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ], for Mr. R OUNDS , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2078 to amendment No. 2089. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require the Secretary of Edu-
cation and the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study regarding elementary and secondary education in rural or poverty areas of Indian country) 
On page 723, after line 23, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. 7006. REPORT ON ELEMENTARY AND SEC-
ONDARY EDUCATION IN RURAL OR POVERTY AREAS OF INDIAN COUN-TRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—By not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall con-duct a study regarding elementary and sec-ondary education in rural or poverty areas of Indian country. 
(b) R
EPORT .—By not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall pre-pare and submit to Congress a report on the study described in subsection (a) that— 
(1) includes the findings of the study; (2) identifies barriers to autonomy that In-
dian tribes have within elementary schools and secondary schools funded or operated by the Bureau of Indian Education; 
(3) identifies recruitment and retention op-
tions for highly effective teachers and school administrators for elementary school and secondary schools in rural or poverty areas of Indian country; 
(4) identifies the limitations in funding 
sources and flexibility for such schools; and 
(5) provides strategies on how to increase 
high school graduation rates in such schools, in order to increase the high school gradua-tion rate for students at such schools. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) ESEA DEFINITIONS .—The terms ‘‘ele-
mentary school’’, ‘‘high school’’, and ‘‘sec-ondary school’’ shall have the meanings given the terms in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(2) I
NDIAN COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘Indian 
country’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code. 
(3) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2085 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mrs. MURRAY. On behalf of Senator 
REED, I call up amendment No. 2085 and 
ask unanimous consent that it be re-ported by number. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, the clerk shall report the amendment by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Washington [Mrs. M UR-
RAY], for Mr. R EED, proposes an amendment 
numbered 2085 to amendment No. 2089. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act of 1965 regarding school librarians and effective school li-brary programs) 
On page 69, after line 25, insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(ii) assist local educational agencies in 
developing effective school library programs to provide students an opportunity to de-velop digital literacy skills and to help en-sure that all students graduate from high school prepared for postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for reme-diation; and’’. 
On page 107, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(B) assist schools in developing effective 
school library programs to provide students an opportunity to develop digital literacy skills and to help ensure that all students graduate from high school prepared for post-secondary education or the workforce with-out the need for remediation; and’’. 
On page 282, strike lines 18 and 19 and in-
sert the following: ‘‘(xiii) Supporting the instructional serv-
ices provided by effective school library pro-grams.’’. 
On page 305, strike lines 14 and 15 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(M) supporting the instructional services 
provided by effective school library pro-grams;’’. 
On page 364, line 9, insert ‘‘school librar-
ians,’’ after ‘‘personnel,’’. 
On page 365, line 10, insert ‘‘school librar-
ians,’’ after ‘‘support personnel,’’. 
On page 771, lines 12 and 13, strike ‘‘and 
speech language pathologists,’’ and insert ‘‘, speech language pathologists, and school li-brarians’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2086 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mrs. MURRAY. On behalf of Senator 
WARNER , I call up amendment No. 2086 
and ask unanimous consent that it be reported by number. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, the clerk shall report the amendment by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Washington [Mrs. M UR-
RAY], for Mr. W ARNER , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2086 to amendment No. 2089. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To enable the use of certain State 
and local administrative funds for fiscal support teams) 
On page 772, after line 23, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lllll . CONSOLIDATION OF STATE AD-
MINISTRATIVE FUNDS FOR ELEMEN-TARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 9201(b)(2) (20 U.S.C. 7821 (b)(2)) is 
amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) implementation of fiscal support 
teams that provide technical fiscal support assistance, which shall include evaluating fiscal, administrative, and staffing func-tions, and any other key operational func-tion.’’. 
SEC. llll . CONSOLIDATION OF FUNDS FOR 
LOCAL ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 9203(d) (20 U.S.C. 7823(d)) is amend-
ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) U SES OF ADMINISTRATIVE FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency that consolidates administrative funds under this section may use the consoli-dated funds for the administration of the programs and for uses, at the school district and school levels, comparable to those de-scribed in section 9201(b)(2). 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL SUPPORT TEAMS .—A local edu-
cational agency that uses funds as described in 9201(b)(2)(I) may contribute State or local funds to expand the reach of such support without violating any supplement, not sup-plant requirement of any program contrib-uting administrative funds.’’. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask unanimous 
consent that it be in order for Senator T
OOMEY to offer amendment No. 2094 to 
background checks during today’s ses-sion of the Senate, with side-by-sides by each bill manager, if applicable, and that no second-degree amendments be in order to the Toomey or side-by-side amendments. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4676 July 7, 2015 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Madam President, 
I thank the Chair and the Senator from Pennsylvania. I interrupted his re-marks, but I thought it was important to make sure that the full Senate con-sented to an ability to deal with an issue he has worked on for so long. 
I thank the Senator. Mr. TOOMEY. Madam President, I 
am claiming my time. I want to thank Senator A
LEXANDER for the sincere ef-
fort we have been engaged in for some time to find our common ground on this. I appreciate his constructive ef-forts. I know they are continuing, and I hope we will be able to reach an agreement on this. I thank the Sen-ator. 
PROTECTING STUDENTS FROM SEXUAL AND  
VIOLENT PREDATORS ACT  
I was talking about the second part 
of our legislation. The first part is re-quiring background check standards that would actually work. The second part is a provision that would forbid this terrible practice known as passing the trash. When we hear the idea that a school, a principal, a superintendent or a school district would knowingly and willfully recommend for hire a known predator, it strikes us as so morally repulsive that we think this couldn’t really seriously happen except in the most bizarre and unusual cir-cumstances. I wish that were the case. It is not the case. The fact is it hap-pens. 
Let me give you an example. In Feb-
ruary, WUSA News 9 reported some really shocking news on the public school system of Montgomery County, Maryland. Since 2011, 21 Montgomery County public school workers have been investigated for child sexual abuse or exploitation. The news station learned that the Montgomery County school system ‘‘keeps a ‘confidential database’ of personnel who dem-onstrate ‘inappropriate or suspicious behavior’ toward children—a watch list of suspected abusers who are working in area schools.’’ 
WUSA 9 learned that the school sys-
tem has a record of passing the trash. For example, elementary school teach-er Daniel Picca abused children for 17 years. The school system knew. What did they do? The teacher was punished. You know what his punishment was? It was to assign him to another school again and again—17 years of passing a known child molester from one elemen-tary school to another. 
This is appalling. This has to stop. It 
has to stop now. The Federal Govern-ment can play a role in stopping it. Frankly, only the Federal Government can play a role because sometimes the passing the trash occurs across State lines, as in the case of Jeremy Bell. 
Or, for example, more recently, a Las 
Vegas, NV, kindergarten teacher was arrested for kidnapping a 16-year-old girl and infecting her with a sexually transmitted disease. That same teacher had molested six children, all fourth and fifth graders, several years before while working as a teacher in Los An-geles, CA. The Los Angeles school dis-
trict knew about these allegations. In fact, in 2009 the school district rec-ommended settling a lawsuit—a suit that alleged that the teacher had mo-lested the children. The school district wanted to settle. 
When this teacher came across the 
State lines to Nevada to work, the Ne-vada school district specifically asked if there had been any criminal concerns regarding the teacher. The Los Angeles school direct not only hid the truth, not only hid what they knew about this molester, but it provided three ref-erences for the teacher. 
For those folks who suggest that 
States can solve this problem on their own, I have a question: What in the world can Nevada do about the behav-ior that is occurring in California? Since when can the laws of one State reach into and be enforced in another State? 
I know the answer. It can’t. It 
doesn’t work. The only way to deal with this cross-border abuse, this hor-rendous abuse of kids, is with Federal legislation. 
The Toomey-Manchin bill that we 
are going to be offering as an amend-ment to this underlying legislation has a simple proposition: If a school dis-trict wants to take Federal tax dollars, it can’t use that money to hire con-victed sexual offenders of kids. 
Is that really unreasonable? Is that 
really too much to ask? To accomplish that, the school district has to perform a criminal background check on those workers who have unsupervised access to children. The school district must prevent passing the trash. That has to be illegal. It has to be illegal to know-ingly and willfully recommend for hire a pedophile who is molesting children. There is no one who can stand here and tell me these protections against child sexual predators are not urgently need-ed—not when more than one person is being arrested every day across Amer-ica for committing sexual crimes against children and the rate at which these people are being arrested is ac-celerating. 
What is more urgent than that? The 
Protecting Students Act has over-whelming bipartisan support. As I said earlier, the House passed this legisla-tion unanimously last Congress— unanimously. How many things can pass the House unanimously? This did. The entire Congress, the House and Senate together, adopted that virtually identical background check require-ments be imposed for kids at daycares, younger children, by a vote of 523 to 1. 
We have already vetted this. We have 
already been down this road. This body and the House have expressed their support for this. I would remind my colleagues that the Protecting Stu-dents Act has been endorsed by many, many groups. I rattled off several of them: Child protection groups, law en-forcement groups, prosecutors, the medical professionals at the American Academy of Pediatrics, and the Penn-sylvania School Board Association. 
The Toomey-Manchin proposal is the only proposal that is endorsed by these groups. 
We know there are going to be alter-
natives. There are going to be side-by- sides. Those alternatives do not have the endorsements of these organiza-tions, for reasons that we may need to elaborate on later. 
Finally, there are 459 arrests—more 
than one a day. Every single one of those represents a tragedy—a child-hood that has been shattered, a family that has been torn by grief, by self- blame, by betrayal. The numbers aren’t staying the same. The numbers are growing. The problem is getting worse. 
How many more arrests do we need 
before the Senate decides that it is time that we do our part to protect these kids? Children of America have waited long enough, and I say no more waiting—no more passing child molest-ers into new schools so they can find new victims, no more defenseless chil-dren such as Jeremy Bell falling victim to a known child predator, no more ex-cuses for not enacting a bill that the House of Representatives has passed unanimously over a year ago. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Protecting Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act and to vote aye when I offer it as an amendment this week. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2094 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Madam President, I ask to set aside 
the pending amendment in order to call up amendment No. 2094. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. 
TOOMEY ] proposes an amendment numbered 
2094 to amendment No. 2089. 
Mr. TOOMEY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To protect our children from con-
victed pedophiles, child molesters, and other sex offenders infiltrating our schools and from schools ‘‘passing the trash’’— helping pedophiles obtain jobs at other schools) 
At the end of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. llll . PROTECTING CHILDREN FROM 
CHILDREN FROM CONVICTED PEDOPHILES, CHILD MOLESTERS, AND OTHER SEX OFFENDERS. 
Title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.), as amended 
by this title, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART H—SCHOOL EMPLOYEE 
BACKGROUND CHECKS 
‘‘SEC. 9651. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Protecting 
Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act’. 
‘‘SEC. 9652. DEFINITION OF SCHOOL EMPLOYEE. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘school employee’ 
means— 
‘‘(1) a person who— ‘‘(A) is an employee of, or is seeking em-
ployment with, an elementary school, sec-ondary school, local educational agency, or State educational agency, that receives funds under this Act; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4677 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(B) as a result of such employment, has 
(or will have) a job duty that results in unsu-pervised access to elementary school or sec-ondary school students; or 
‘‘(2) a person, or an employee of a person, 
who— 
‘‘(A) has a contract or agreement to pro-
vide services with an elementary school, sec-ondary school, local educational agency, or State educational agency, that receives funds under this Act; and 
‘‘(B) as a result of such contract or agree-
ment, the person or employee, respectively, has a job duty that results in unsupervised access to elementary school or secondary school students. 
‘‘SEC. 9653. BACKGROUND CHECKS. 
‘‘(a) B ACKGROUND CHECKS .—Not later than 
2 years after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, each State educational agency, or each local edu-cational agency in any case where State law designates a local educational agency to carry out the requirements of this part, that receives funds under this Act shall, as a con-dition of receiving such funds, have in effect policies and procedures that— 
‘‘(1) require that a criminal background 
check be conducted for each school employee that includes— 
‘‘(A) a search of the State criminal reg-
istry or repository of the State in which the school employee resides; 
‘‘(B) a search of State-based child abuse 
and neglect registries and databases of the State in which the school employee resides; 
‘‘(C) a Federal Bureau of Investigation fin-
gerprint check using the Integrated Auto-mated Fingerprint Identification System; and 
‘‘(D) a search of the National Sex Offender 
Registry established under section 119 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16919); 
‘‘(2) prohibit the employment of a school 
employee as a school employee if such em-ployee— 
‘‘(A) refuses to consent to a criminal back-
ground check under paragraph (1); 
‘‘(B) makes a false statement in connection 
with such criminal background check; 
‘‘(C) has been convicted of a felony con-
sisting of— 
‘‘(i) murder; ‘‘(ii) child abuse or neglect; ‘‘(iii) a crime against children, including 
child pornography; 
‘‘(iv) spousal abuse; ‘‘(v) a crime involving rape or sexual as-
sault; 
‘‘(vi) kidnapping; ‘‘(vii) arson; or ‘‘(viii) physical assault, battery, or a drug- 
related offense, committed on or after the date that is 5 years before the date of such employee’s criminal background check under paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(D) has been convicted of any other crime 
that is a violent or sexual crime against a minor; 
‘‘(3) require that each criminal background 
check conducted under paragraph (1) be peri-odically repeated or updated in accordance with State law or the policies of local edu-cational agencies served by the State edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(4) upon request, provide each school em-
ployee who has had a criminal background check under paragraph (1) with a copy of the results of the criminal background check; 
‘‘(5) provide for a timely process, by which 
a school employee may appeal, but which does not permit the employee to be em-ployed as a school employee during such ap-peal, the results of a criminal background check conducted under paragraph (1) which prohibit the employee from being employed as a school employee under paragraph (2) 
to— 
‘‘(A) challenge the accuracy or complete-
ness of the information produced by such criminal background check; and 
‘‘(B) establish or reestablish eligibility to 
be hired or reinstated as a school employee by demonstrating that the information is materially inaccurate or incomplete, and has been corrected; 
‘‘(6) ensure that such policies and proce-
dures are published on the website of the State educational agency and the website of each local educational agency served by the State educational agency; and 
‘‘(7) allow a local educational agency to 
share the results of a school employee’s criminal background check recently con-ducted under paragraph (1) with another local educational agency that is considering such school employee for employment as a school employee. 
‘‘(b) F
EES FOR BACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
‘‘(1) C HARGING OF FEES .—The Attorney 
General, attorney general of a State, or other State law enforcement official may charge reasonable fees for conducting a criminal background check under subsection (a)(1), but such fees shall not exceed the ac-tual costs for the processing and administra-tion of the criminal background check. 
‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE FUNDS .—A local edu-
cational agency or State educational agency may use administrative funds received under this Act to pay any reasonable fees charged for conducting such criminal background check. 
‘‘PART I—BAN ON AIDING AND ABETTING 
CHILD SEXUAL ABUSE THROUGH ‘PASS-ING THE TRASH’ 
‘‘SEC. 9661. BAN ON AIDING AND ABETTING CHILD 
SEXUAL ABUSE THROUGH ‘PASSING THE TRASH’. 
‘‘Each State or State educational agency, 
or each local educational agency in any case where State law designates a local edu-cational agency to carry out the require-ments of this part, that receives funds under this Act shall, as a condition of receiving such funds, have in effect laws, regulations, or policies and procedures that prohibit any agency or person from transferring, or facili-tating the transfer of, any school employee if the agency or person knows, or recklessly disregards information showing, that such school employee engaged in sexual mis-conduct with a minor in violation of law.’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
NOMINATION OF KARA FARNANDEZ STOLL  
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, 
today, we are finally, finally going to vote on the nomination of Kara 
Farnandez Stoll to serve as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. She is superbly qualified, and once confirmed, she will be the first woman of color to serve on the Federal Circuit. 
She has the strong endorsement of 
the non-partisan Hispanic National Bar Association as well as from the Federal Circuit Bar Association, and the Amer-ican Intellectual Property Law Asso-ciation. In its letter of support to the Judiciary Committee, the Hispanic Na-tional Bar Association, HNBA, wrote that their due diligence has confirmed that Ms. Farnandez Stoll ‘‘maintains the highest ethical and professional standards. She is also competent and hardworking. Her litigation experi-ence, commitment to public service, and temperament make her an ideal candidate for a court appointment.’’ I 
could not agree more. So why did it take so long for the Republican leader-ship to schedule a confirmation vote for this uncontroversial, highly quali-fied, and historic nominee? 
The President nominated Ms. 
Farnandez Stoll last year—nearly 8 months ago. The Senate Judiciary Committee unanimously reported her nomination to the full Senate more than 2 months ago. There is no good reason why her confirmation vote has been stalled over and over again. 
Unfortunately, the Republican ma-
jority’s treatment of Ms. Farnandez Stoll’s nomination is more pattern than aberration. Six months into this new Republican-led Congress that was supposed to move forward on things 
and the Senate has only confirmed a handful of judges. In fact, it has been more than 6 weeks since a vote was even scheduled by the majority leader for a single judicial nominee. This gla-cial pace of confirmations is a derelic-tion of the Senate’s constitutional duty to provide advice and consent on judicial nominees. Many are concerned that such treatment threatens the functioning of our independent judici-ary. 
We have 11 other consensus judicial 
nominations pending on the Senate Ex-ecutive Calendar in addition to Ms. Farnandez Stoll. No one can credibly claim that the majority’s slow pace in scheduling confirmation votes is due to a lack of nominees. This group includes another nominee who has received the strong support of the HNBA—Armando Bonilla—one of five pending nominees to the U.S. Court of Federal Claims, CFC. Like Ms. Farnandez Stoll, Mr. Bonilla’s confirmation will be an his-toric milestone—when confirmed he will be the first Hispanic judge to hold a seat on the CFC. 
In less than 48 hours, the Judiciary 
Committee is expected to report out another HNBA-endorsed nominee, Luis Felipe Restrepo, who will fill a judicial emergency vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Judge Restrepo was unanimously confirmed 2 years ago by the Senate to serve as a district court judge in Pennsylvania. I have heard no objection to his nomina-tion, yet it took 7 months just to get him a hearing. Once confirmed, Judge Restrepo will be the first Hispanic judge from Pennsylvania to ever serve on this court and only the second His-panic judge to serve on the Third Cir-cuit. 
If Senate Republicans had an issue 
with any of the pending nominees or if they sought time to debate them on the floor, some of the delay might be understandable. But no Senator has spoken in opposition to any of the pending nominees. In fact, the Senate Judiciary Committee reported all 11 of them by voice vote. Instead of receiv-ing timely consideration of their nomi-nations, however, these uncontroversial nominees have not been treated fairly by the Senate ma-jority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4678 July 7, 2015 
There is a different way to lead. In 
the last 2 years of George W. Bush’s term, Democrats came into the major-ity. Some thought we would slow up his judges. We did not. I served as chairman of the Judiciary Committee during those last 2 years of President George W. Bush’s administration and we confirmed 68 district and circuit court judges during that time. In fact, by this time in the seventh year of the Bush administration, the Democrat-ically controlled Senate had confirmed 21 judges—including 18 district and 3 circuit court judges. Compare that to this seventh year of the Obama admin-istration under Republican control, in 
which the Senate has thus far con-firmed just four district court judges this year. Just four. Now this is out-rageous. It hurts. It politicizes the Fed-eral bench. It hurts the rules of law in this country. 
So under a Democratic majority with 
a Republican President, we confirmed five times more judges than the Senate Republican majority has allowed under their control of the Senate for a Demo-cratic President. The disparity of treatment is clear, and it is wrong. In-cidentally, that is the same way we did it when Democrats took over control of the Senate during the last 2 years of President Reagan’s term. We moved judges at a much faster pace than any-thing Republicans have allowed us to do under President Obama. This is wrong. This is petty partisanship that hurts our independent judiciary. We are not asking for anything special but we are saying it would be nice if Re-publicans treated Democrats the same way we treated them. 
We should also not forget the rising 
number of judicial vacancies in our Federal courts. At the start of this Congress, there were 44 vacancies, in-cluding 12 vacancies deemed ‘‘judicial emergencies’’ by the nonpartisan Ad-ministrative Office of the U.S. Courts. That number has climbed to 63 vacan-cies, including 27 ‘‘judicial emergency’’ vacancies on our district and circuit courts. The vast majority of these va-cancies are concentrated in States with at least one Republican home State Senator. Of particularly concern are four circuit court ‘‘judicial emer-gency’’ vacancies: two in Texas, one in Alabama, and one in Kentucky. Each vacancy has been left open for well over a year, including one in Texas that has remained vacant for almost 3 years. 
All Senators know that it is our con-
stitutional duty to provide advice and consent on judicial nominees. When it comes to filling vacancies on the Fed-eral courts in our State, we have unique insight into our States’ legal communities to share with the Presi-dent before he makes a nomination. Americans expect us to do our jobs and in the Senate that includes ensuring their access to the Federal courts. I urge all Senators to work with the President to fill the growing number of judicial vacancies in their States. We will at least make some small 
progress today as we finally take up Ms. Farnandez Stoll’s nomination. Her extensive experience on issues that come before the Federal Circuit will serve the court well. She is currently a partner at Finnegan, Henderson, Farabow, Garrett and Dunner, a law firm specializing in intellectual prop-erty law. Ms. Farnandez Stoll also teaches as an adjunct professor at George Mason University Law School. Before practicing law, Ms. Farnandez Stoll was a patent examiner in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Ms. Farnandez Stoll received her B.S. in electrical engineering from Michigan State University in 1991 and her J.D. from Georgetown University Law School in 1997. Upon graduating from law school, she served as a law clerk to Federal Circuit Judge Alvin Schall. I trust that her background and the rep-utation she has earned in the legal community will serve her well as she begins this new chapter. 
I congratulate Ms. Farnandez Stoll 
on what I expect will be her successful, albeit long overdue, confirmation. I urge the Senate leadership to act re-sponsibly by scheduling votes for the other 11 uncontroversial judicial nomi-nees still pending on the Executive Calendar. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF KARA 
FARNANDEZ STOLL TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FEDERAL CIRCUIT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read the nomi-
nation of Kara Farnandez Stoll, of Vir-ginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Federal Circuit. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Kara Farnandez Stoll, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Federal Circuit? 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ), the Senator 
from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ), the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. P ORTMAN ), and the Sen-
ator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Maine (Mr. K ING) is nec-
essarily absent. 
I further announce that, if present 
and voting, the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) would vote ‘‘yea.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
GARDNER ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced— yeas 95, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 221 Ex.] 
YEAS—95 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders 
Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—5 
Cruz 
Flake King 
Portman Rubio 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
The Senator from Nebraska. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LOCAL GOVERNANCE IN 
EDUCATION 
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, this 
summer parents across the country will be preparing their children for the coming school year. Whether unwinding on a family break, pur-chasing school supplies, returning sum-mer reading books to the library or fin-ishing summer camp, it will almost be time to go back to school. 
We owe so much to our hard-working 
educators. They are the role models for our children who provide invaluable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4679 July 7, 2015 
life lessons that go well beyond read-
ing, writing, and arithmetic. Years be-fore I served in the Nebraska legisla-ture, I served on my local school board, as president of the Nebraska Associa-tion of School Boards, and on the Ne-braska School Finance Review Com-mittee. These experiences helped shape my views on education policy as a state lawmaker, and they continue to inform my work here in the Senate. 
Nebraska is truly fortunate to have 
excellent schools. Each school district has unique strengths, and they face challenges that are specific to their schools and to the students. Because of this, parents, teachers, school boards, and communities are in the best posi-tion to know the needs of their stu-dents. They are an integral part of every child’s academic success. 
That is why I believe education deci-
sions are best made at the State and especially at the local level. The role of the Federal Government should be to promote policies that will improve the ability of individual States to meet the needs of their specific communities. To that end, I have worked with my col-leagues, Senator K
ING and Senator 
TESTER , to offer an amendment pro-
moting local governance in education. 
The purpose of this bipartisan 
amendment is simple: to ensure that our local school districts are not co-erced into adopting misguided edu-cation requirements. It ensures that our local stakeholders have a stronger voice in both the regulatory and the guidance process. This amendment would ensure that communities have ultimate authority over their school districts. It also strengthens the rela-tionship among school board members and parents. 
These changes are long overdue. We 
must limit Federal intrusion into local education policy. As we prepare for the first day of school, Nebraska is focused on providing students with a well- rounded education. We must ensure that our public policy enhances the classroom experience, provides essen-tial resources to student success, and helps place our students on the path for successful futures. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to support the bipartisan Every Child Achieves Act. This bill is land-mark legislation that would reform and reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, also known as No Child Left Behind. This bill would improve our schools and strengthen the traditional roles played by our local communities, our edu-cators, and our States. 
I am proud to have joined every 
member of the Senate Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions Committee in voting to report this bill and I ap-plaud the chairman, Senator A
LEX-ANDER , and the ranking member, Sen-
ator M URRAY , for their leadership. 
Congressional action to remedy the 
serious problems with the law No Child Left Behind, while preserving its valu-able parts, is long overdue. NCLB was a well-intentioned law, and its focus on the education of every child, greater transparency in school performance, and more accountability for results were welcome reforms. But some of its provisions were simply not achievable and thus discouraging to teachers, to parents, and to students alike. 
The current system of unattainable 
standards and a patchwork of State waivers has led to confusion about Fed-eral requirements. High-stakes testing and unrealistic 100-percent proficiency goals do not raise aspirations; they in-stead dispirit those who are committed to a high-quality education for our stu-dents. Responding to those concerns in 2004, along with then-Senator Olympia Snowe, I established the Maine NCLB Task Force to examine the issues fac-ing Maine and to provide recommenda-tions for changes to No Child Left Be-hind. 
Our task force brought together indi-
viduals with a great deal of expertise, experience, and perspective on the law and on educational policy in general. The task force included teachers, prin-cipals, superintendents, school board members, parents, and State officials. It was cochaired by Leo Martin, a former commissioner of the Maine De-partment of Education, and Anne Pooler, a former professor and then-as-sociate dean at the College of Edu-cation at the University of Maine. The task force completed its work in 2005. 
Well, our Maine NCLB task force 
proved to be prescient in identifying the problems with implementing No Child Left Behind, and 10 years later its report is as relevant as ever. 
Chief among the task force’s final 
recommendations was the need for greater flexibility for the State depart-ment of education and for local school boards. The members pointed out that the principles of improved student per-formance and closing achievement gaps were completely compatible with ac-cording States more flexibility to de-sign different accountability systems. 
Reflecting that recommendation, the 
bill before us, the Every Child Achieves Act, would remove the high-stakes ac-countability system that has been proven unworkable under No Child Left Behind. Our bill would give States much-needed flexibility over how to improve the accountability of schools for student achievement. Recognizing also the critical importance of family engagement in education, the bill sup-ports school districts in conducting parent outreach and participation ac-tivities. 
The Every Child Achieves Act would 
also eliminate the burdensome defini-tion of a ‘‘highly qualified teacher’’ which has proven to be unworkable in Maine’s small, rural schools. In such schools, the reality is that teachers must often teach multiple subjects and 
are reassigned to different content areas because of low enrollment. 
For example, on Maine’s North 
Haven Island, there is one school that serves all students from kindergarten through the 12th grade. With fewer than 70 students, North Haven Commu-nity School is one of the smallest K- through-12 schools in my State. It is not surprising that the educators at the North Haven Community School teach multiple subject areas across the different grades because of the school’s size. 
Speaking of smaller schools, I am 
particularly pleased that the Every Child Achieves Act would extend the Rural Education Achievement Pro-gram, known as REAP, which I coau-thored with former Senator Kent Con-rad in 2002. Students in rural America should have the same access to Federal grant dollars as those who attend schools in large urban and suburban communities. Most Federal competi-tive grant programs, however, favor larger school districts because those are the districts that have the ability to hire grant writers to apply for these grants. If you are in a school district such as North Haven, which only has 70 students for all the grades, you don’t have the luxury of extra funds to hire grant writers to apply for these com-petitive grant programs. 
What REAP does is provides financial 
assistance to small and high-poverty rural districts to help them address their unique local needs and also to meet Federal requirements. This pro-gram has helped to support new tech-nology in classrooms, distance learning opportunities, professional develop-ment for educators, as well as an array of other programs that benefit students and teachers in rural districts. Since the law was enacted, at least 120 Maine school districts have collectively re-ceived more than $42 million from the Rural Education Achievement Pro-gram. That is money which has made a real difference to these small, rural, high-poverty districts, and it is Federal funds that they would never have been able to successfully compete for when they were applying against large, urban school districts. 
Maine’s educators are working hard 
to develop high-quality assessments that better track student performance and growth. I am pleased that the Every Child Achieves Act includes a pilot program to support States that are designing alternative assessment systems based on student proficiency, not just traditional standardized tests. Such systems often give teachers, par-ents, and students a fuller under-standing of each student’s abilities and better prepare them for college or the career path they choose. The Federal Government should cooperate with States and school districts that are de-signing new assessment systems, and this pilot program is an important step in the right direction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4680 July 7, 2015 
During the committee’s consider-
ation of this bill, I offered an amend-ment with Senator S
ANDERS to allow 
more States to participate in the inno-vative assessment program and to give participating school districts more time to scale up their systems state-wide. Our amendment passed unani-mously in committee, and I thank Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking 
Member M URRAY for continuing to 
work with me to refine and improve this pilot program. 
The bottom line is that Washington 
should not be imposing a top-down, one-size-fits-all approach to assess-ment. What works in Chicago may not be the answer for Turner, ME, which was named a Blue Ribbon School last year. Assessing the progress of our stu-dents is critical, but there are many ef-fective ways to determine students’ level of learning. 
Fifty years ago and alongside signifi-
cant civil rights legislation, Congress first passed the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act to improve ac-cess to education, particularly for the students from low-income families. Providing a good education for every child must remain a national priority so that each child reaches his or her full potential, has a wide range of op-portunities, and can compete in an in-creasingly global economy. The Every Child Achieves Act honors those guid-ing principles while returning greater control and flexibility to our States, to local school boards, and to educators. 
Again, I thank the chairman and the 
ranking member of the committee for their work in crafting this bipartisan bill. I look forward to the debate on it in the week to come, and I urge my col-leagues to support its passage. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
REMEMBERING ELDER BOYD K. 
PACKER 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I rise today 
to pay tribute to Elder Boyd K. Packer, president of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Latter-day Saints, who passed away on July 3, 2015, at the age of 90. 
Boyd K. Packer was both a man of 
principle and a man who knew the power of principles. He taught that talking about principles and doctrines changes behavior far better than talk-ing about behavior changes behavior. He boldly stood as a ‘‘watchman on the tower,’’ proclaiming the principles that lead to faithful families, strong com-munities, and ultimately better na-tions. 
Trained as an educator, Elder Packer 
was truly a teacher first, last, and al-ways. Whether interacting with an in-dividual, speaking in front of thou-sands, writing one of his many insight-ful books, or simply spending time with one of his beloved children, he was forever teaching. And to be clear, he wasn’t preaching; he was teaching— teaching principles that would in-
struct, inspire, and improve all who came within the sound of his distinct and powerful voice. 
Boyd K. Packer understood the im-
portant influence of simple stories in teaching. He masterfully wove price-less principles into powerful modern- day parables, keen observations from everyday living, and spiritual lessons that were meaningful and memorable. Experiences such as tuning an old radio, getting his boys to stop wres-tling in the living room, visiting a small church in Denmark, carving and painting birds, learning about croco-diles in Africa, or observing the plead-ings for help from an orphan boy while serving as a serviceman in Japan, all emerged as foundational stories from which to teach life-changing principles. 
Faith and family were always at the 
center of Elder Packer’s teaching, and he often illustrated that the intersec-tion of faith and family is where crit-ical lessons are taught. He illustrated that this intersection between faith and family is precisely where critical lessons are taught and learned and where children are prepared to live nobly and serve selflessly. 
In describing how to prepare children 
for the challenges of life, he thought that children should be provided with a shield of faith and that forming that shield of faith was of necessity a cot-tage industry. In his own words: 
We can teach about the materials from 
which a shield of faith is made: reverence, courage, repentance, forgiveness, compas-sion. . . . We can learn how to assemble and fit them together in many places. But the actual making of and fitting on of the shield of faith belongs in the family circle. Other-wise it may loosen and come off in a crisis. 
As a ‘‘watchman on the tower,’’ Boyd 
K. Packer was perpetually ahead of his time. He could see around difficult so-cietal corners and had a clear view of the blessings and benefits that flow from principled living. What some may have interpreted as a stern and serious speaking style was simply Elder Pack-er teaching out of both love and ur-gency because he could see and he could sense what was on the horizon. 
It has been said that the ability to 
see ahead is both a blessing and a tre-mendous burden. It is a blessing be-cause you can prepare, and it is a bur-den because often the people you are trying to help can’t see what you can see. Elder Packer’s ability to see ahead was unrivaled, occasionally underesti-mated, but always an unmatched les-son for those who chose to follow the visionary principles he taught. 
Elder Packer was indeed a master 
teacher because he followed, he stud-ied, and he came to know the Master Teacher. 
I am confident that the principles 
Boyd K. Packer shared with the world will continue to impact and improve behavior for generations to come. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JAMES 
BILLINGTON 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, at the 
end of this year, Congress will say fare-well to Dr. James Billington, a dear friend who, for the last 28 years, has dedicated his life to ensuring that the Nation’s most prominent library is an unparalleled resource for all who visit, either in person or online. Since his nomination by President Reagan in 1987 and subsequent confirmation by the United States Senate, Dr. Billington has led the Library of Con-gress into the digital era, and expanded its relationships internationally and with the private sector. 
For almost three decades, Dr. 
Billington championed the National Digital Library program, which made millions of rare and one-of-a-kind his-torical and cultural documents readily available to the public. The National Digital Library was a colossal under-taking and one that students and scholars alike will utilize for many years to come. 
In 1990, Dr. Billington created the 
James Madison Council, an advisory panel that serves as a liaison between the Library and the business commu-nity. The Council was the Library’s first national private-sector advisory and support group, and has since helped to fund more than 360 projects. Dr. Billington’s devotion to the growth and development of the Library of Con-gress has helped bring a national treas-ure into the 21st Century and improve access for people all over the country and the world. 
Dr. Billington has also worked to ex-
pand the Library of Congress’ online resources by collaborating with Rus-sian libraries to establish a major bi-lingual website. He later completed similar joint projects with the national libraries of Brazil, Spain, France, the Netherlands, and Egypt. Dr. Billington spearheaded efforts to create the World Digital Library, which was successfully launched in April 2009. Today, the site contains cultural materials from all 193 countries in the United Nation’s Edu-cational, Scientific and Cultural Orga-nization, UNESCO, with commentary in seven languages. As the Librarian of Congress, Dr. Billington led a delega-tion to Tehran, Iran, in October 2004, making him the most senior U.S. gov-ernment official to visit Iran in 25 years and furthering his international leadership. 
Throughout his 42 years in public 
service in Washington, Dr. Billington has collaborated on numerous pro-grams such as the Veterans History Project, highlighting the great accom-plishments of countless Americans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4681 July 7, 2015 
through oral histories, the National 
Book Festival, and the Gershwin Prize for Popular Song. Dr. Billington’s bril-liance, devotion, and vision throughout his career is unparalleled and incred-ibly appreciated. 
Marcelle and I were happy to wel-
come Dr. Billington to Vermont in 2012, to celebrate the sesquicentennial of the historic Land Grant College Act, authored by Vermont Senator Justin Morrill in the 1800s. Like Justin Mor-rill, Dr. Billington and I share a pro-found regard for the importance of Fed-eral investment in access to education. I have deeply appreciated Dr. Billington’s commitment to preserving and advancing the incredible resource that is the Library of Congress. Marcelle and I both thank him for his service and wish he and his wife Mar-jorie well as he begins this new chap-ter. 
f 
THE LOST SHUL MURAL AT OHAVI 
ZEDEK SYNAGOGUE 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am 
proud to recognize Aaron Goldberg, Jeffrey Potash and the greater Ohavi Zedek community for their tireless ef-forts in relocating a treasured artifact in our State’s Jewish community. For nearly two decades, the historically significant Shul Mural—a 105-year-old rare mural—has sat hidden behind the walls of Chai Adam Synagogue in Bur-lington’s north end district. In May, after years of careful restoration and planning, the mural was safely moved to its new home, where it will finally be displayed to honor a prominent pe-riod in our State’s Jewish history. 
Burlington’s Jewish history dates 
back to the mid-1880s, when a large in-flux of Lithuanian Jews traveled from Eastern Europe to settle in Vermont. Ohavi Zedek Synagogue was estab-lished in 1885 by the Lithuanians, and has since remained a thriving commu-nity stronghold for Burlington’s Jew-ish population. In 1889, the Chai Adam Synagogue was created by a group of Orthodox Jews previously aligned with Ohavi Zedek. It is here the Shul Mural was created. 
Stretching floor-to-ceiling, the Shul 
Mural depicts two lions and the Ten Commandments, two iconic symbols in the Jewish faith. The Shul Mural, painted by Ben Zion Black, uses a rare artistic style, one that dates back to before World War II and was prevalent in wooden synagogues across Eastern Europe. At that time, vast murals of iconic, hand-painted images sprawled entire walls and ceilings to capture the imagery held in Jewish Torah readings. The Shul Mural presents a rare folk de-sign mixed with modern painting tech-niques, yet little is actually known about its genre, as most of these works were sadly destroyed during the Holo-caust. 
In 1939, Ohavi Zedek and Chai Adam 
rejoined, and the old Chai Adam was sold and used as retail space and later a rug store. It was here that Adam Goldberg, a volunteer and historian of 
Ohavi Zedek Synagogue, discovered the mural. Through the years, the Shul Mural sat uncovered and ill-preserved, until 1986 when the space was ren-ovated to an apartment complex, and Mr. Goldberg along with Ohavi Zedek archivist, Jeffrey Potash, pleaded with the new owner to cover the mural with a false wall so that it would not bear further decay. 
Over two decades later, when the 
apartment building was again sold in 2012, its new owner, Steven Offenhartz, agreed to donate the mural to Ohavi Zedek. The false wall that had covered the Shul Mural for more than 20 years was lifted, and the construction team worked with Constance Silver, a con-servator from Brattleboro, to stabilize and recover what was lost. At that point, decades of deterioration had taken their toll, and the once vibrant paint began to dull and flake away. Piece by piece, Constance reinforced and restored the painting. 
On May 6, 2015, after decades in hid-
ing, the mural was successfully trans-ported to Ohavi Zedek where it will be cleaned and further restored. The hard work and dedication of the entire team with the support of Burlington’s com-munity—which raised over $400,000 to support the restoration and transpor-tation of this historic piece of art— made this incredible feat possible. 
Adam Goldberg, Jeffrey Potash, Ste-
ven Offenhartz, Constance Silver, and the many other members of the Ohavi Zedek and greater Burlington commu-nity should be congratulated for their support and dedication to protecting and restoring one of our State’s most significant treasures. This important piece of Burlington’s Jewish history will finally be on proper display for all to enjoy. 
I ask unanimous consent that that an 
article on the Shul Mural from the Burlington Free Press be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Burlington Free Press, May 14, 
2015] 
‘‘LOST’’ JEWISH MURAL FINDS NEWHOME 
(By Zach Despart, Free Press Staff Writer) 
When the project was done, it might have 
appeared to onlookers that a construction crew had no difficulty moving the Lost Shul Mural to a new home in the Old North End. 
After all, the construction crew only had 
to remove the roof of a Hyde Street building, lift via crane a brittle, multi-panel, 105-year- old rare piece of art, place the mural on a flatbed truck, drive it nearly half a mile up-hill and, with the strength of many workers, push the artwork, on rollers, into Ohavi Zedek Synagogue. 
All in a day’s work for a volunteer group of 
local residents, who for almost three decades have been trying to find a way to move the historic artifact from a hidden alcove on Hyde Street to more suitable location. 
‘‘I had hoped to someday move the mural, 
but it’s been over 29 years we’ve been wait-ing for this time,’’ Ohavi Zedek archivist Aaron Goldberg said Wednesday. ‘‘It’s a re-markable achievement for the community to have this here.’’ The story of the lost work begins in 1910, 
when Burlington’s Jewish community com-missioned Lithuanian artist Ben Zion to paint a mural within the Chai Adam syna-gogue, which was built on Hyde Street in 1889. The floor-to-ceiling mural contains three panels that depict Jewish iconography, including two lions and the Ten Command-ments. 
In 1939, Chai Adam merged with Ohavi 
Zedek and vacated the Hyde Street building. 
Congregants, in an effort to preserve the 
mural, hid the piece behind a false wall. The ownership of the building changed hands sev-eral times in the following decades, and a private owner in 1986 converted the building into apartments. 
That year, Goldberg and other archivists 
persuaded the owner to wall off the mural permanently with Sheetrock, so the art would be safe for a later move. Many tenants over the next two decades never knew the mural was there. 
But Burlington’s Jewish community never 
forgot about the lost mural. In 2012, some 26 years since the mural disappeared from pub-lic view, the archivists of Ohavi Zedek worked with the owner of the building to un-cover the artwork. 
They decided to move the artifact to Ohavi 
Zedek and proudly display the mural in the lobby. For the next three years, a dedicated group of congregants developed a plan for the big move, and raised more than $400,000. 
‘‘This is a very innovative job,’’ Goldberg 
said. ‘‘This took two and a half years of plan-ning.’’ 
THE BIG MOVE  
The moment Goldberg for decades had 
waited for arrived Wednesday. Shortly after 8 a.m. on the warm, calm morning, crews used a crane to lift off a pre-cut section of the roof of the synagogue-turned-apartment- building on Hyde Street, exposing the old cu-pola that held the mural. 
The mural itself was not visible to onlook-
ers. For protection, it was encased in cush-ioning made of Chinese silk and other mate-rials. Bob Neeld, the structural engineer, said this project required special attention to minimize any vibrations that could dam-age the mural. 
‘‘Even a three-story building can be built 
to handle several inches of movement,’’ Neeld said. For this move, Neeld added, the crew was hoping to limit movement ‘‘to a couple thousandths of an inch.’’ 
The mural itself is made of less than half 
an inch of plaster on a wood lathe. To sta-bilize the century-old material before the move, crews reinforced the artwork with mortar. 
After the roof was off, the crane lifted the 
fragile mural, encased in a specially built steel frame, from the second floor of the structure and placed the artifact onto a flat-bed truck. The mural and frame stood about feet tall and 15 feet wide, and weighed about 6,500 pounds. 
Next came a slow parade through the Old 
North End, as the truck crept north on Hyde Street, east on Archibald Street and south on North Prospect Street, onto the lawn of Ohavi Zedek. A crowd of congregants, many of them with cameras, followed the informal procession. Burlington police blocked the intersections along the way. Perplexed mo-torists scratched their heads. 
In front of the synagogue, another crane 
lifted the mural onto a makeshift bed of roll-ers on a wooden ‘‘landing pad.’’ Once there, about of dozen laborers pushed the 3–ton mural through an opening into the lobby. Next week, crews will hoist the mural above the lobby, where the art will hang for visi-tors to see, much as it did on Hyde Street 105 years ago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4682 July 7, 2015 
Organizers planned the move to take 12 
hours, but it took just three—a result engi-neers chalked up to good weather and metic-ulous planning. 
COMMUNITY SIGNIFICANCE  
Thousands of European synagogues—and 
the ornate murals within the places of wor-ship—were destroyed by the Nazis during the Holocaust. The Lost Shul Mural is one of the few remaining murals from that time period in existence, said Goldberg, the Ohavi Zedek archivist. 
Rabbi Joshua Chasan said the restoration 
of the lost mural was important not only to Burlington’s Jewish community, but to Jews around the world. 
‘‘It’s a benefit to the Jewish people inter-
nationally to have a piece of folk art from the world the Nazis destroyed,’’ Chasan said. ‘‘In that sense, it’s a memorial to those who died in the Holocaust and . . . to that Jewish world that perished.’’ 
Goldberg said that in addition to being a 
Jewish relic, the lost mural is an important connection to Burlington’s rich history of hosting immigrants. Among the European immigrants who settled in Burlington during the 19th century were a group of Lithuanian Jews who moved into the city’s North End, a neighborhood that for decades came to be known as Little Jerusalem. 
‘‘This is immensely important to the pres-
ervation immigration history in Vermont,’’ Goldberg said. ‘‘It is the only example of its kind we know of in the U.S., and one of the few remaining remnants in the world.’’ 
Janie Cohen, director of the University of 
Vermont’s Fleming Museum, said having such a rare piece of art in Burlington is re-markable. 
‘‘The fact there are so few of these left in 
the world, and we have one in Burlington— it’s phenomenal,’’ said Cohen, who watched the move Wednesday. 
Former Vermont Gov. Madeleine Kunin, 
who helped raise money for the move and the restoration, walked with the crowd that fol-lowed the mural as the truck traveled through the Old North End. 
‘‘Today is so exciting, because many people 
thought it would never happen: How can you move something that’s part of a wall?’’ she said. 
One man on the synagogue lawn had a spe-
cial connection to the lost art. He remem-bers seeing the mural 76 years ago. Mark Rosenthal, 84, grew up in Burlington and re-members seeing the mural as a child at Chai Adam in the 1930s. 
‘‘My father and I would go on holidays,’’ 
Rosenthal said. ‘‘I remember the whole scene where the mural was, and I’m moved and touched by what is taking place today. I can’t believe it’s happening.’’ 
f 
REMEMBERING NORMAN RUNNION 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I would 
like to take a moment to honor the memory of a longtime journalist and true friend, Norman Runnion, who passed away in a Vermont hospital last month at the age of 85. Norm was many things to many people, but as they say of those in the newspaper business, he had ink coursing through his veins. Norm was born into a news family and he loved to tell stories of his early days spent in newsrooms, watching his fa-ther work the trade. But when tragedy struck home—Norm’s father was killed after falling under a train—the young-er Runnion dedicated himself to the profession. From his gritty beginnings working 
the night cop beat on Chicago’s South Side, Norm worked his way up as a re-porter and editor with United Press International, covering the biggest sto-ries of the day, including the Cuban Missile Crisis and the Warren Commis-sion report. By the mid-1960s, Norm made the wise decision to ply his skills in Vermont and settled in at the Brattleboro Reformer. He soon made his way to the managing editor post, where he earned deep respect from his community and his State over the next two decades. When newspapers lost a bit of luster for Norm, he turned to the seminary and became an Episcopal priest, further dedicating his life in public service. 
In retelling the path of his colorful 
news career, Norm suggested that fate led to his successes. ‘‘I was really in-credibly lucky,’’ he told a younger re-porter who he once mentored. ‘‘Every-where I went was one after another of the biggest news stories of the world. Those were the most monumental news stories of my generation.’’ 
I believe it was far more than luck 
that made Norm Runnion the talent that he was. It was devotion to a trade that he believed was worthy of that commitment. And his readers were in-credibly lucky for that. I feel fortunate to have spoken with Norm shortly be-fore his passing. Although weak, his spirit was still very much evident. In honor of that spirit, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
a remembrance of Norm Runnion, which appeared on VTDigger.org. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From VTDigger.org, June 22, 2014] 
VERMONT JOURNALIST NORMAN RUNNION DIES 
ATAGE85 
(By Kevin O’Connor) 
Ask Norman Runnion for his life story and 
he’d point to a newspaper. 
Take the old Kansas City Journal-Post, 
where he played as a child while his father pounded on a manual typewriter. 
Or the Evanston (Ill.) Review, where he 
broke into journalism pasting up the sports page for $5 a week. 
Or Vermont’s Brattleboro Reformer and 
The Herald of Randolph, where he capped a globetrotting career covering the world for wire service desks in New York, London, Paris and Washington, D.C. 
‘‘I’m a newspaperman, my father was a 
newspaperman—I love that word, I grew up on that word. It would never have occurred to me to be anything else.’’ 
‘‘I’m a newspaperman, my father was a 
newspaperman—I love that word, I grew up on that word,’’ he said in 1989. ‘‘It would never have occurred to me to be anything else.’’ 
Except an Episcopal priest, which he tried 
for a decade at midlife. But Runnion eventu-ally returned to writing, which he did until shortly before his death Friday at Ran-dolph’s Gifford Medical Center at age 85. 
When Newfane mystery novelist Archer 
Mayor wanted an interesting character name for his 1993 book ‘‘The Skeleton’s Knee,’’ he borrowed Norm Runnion’s. But fiction was no match for the real man’s feats. 
The lifelong scribe made his own headlines 
as recently as two years ago, when he wrote a widely circulated column recalling his 
work as Washington night news editor for United Press International when President John F. Kennedy was assassinated Nov. 22, 1963. 
‘‘For those of us who were around on that 
searing day in American history, it could have been yesterday, not 50 years ago,’’ he recalled of an event for which UPI’s coverage won a Pulitzer Prize. ‘‘I can hear today the haunting sounds of the muffled drums as they passed below our windows, leading the solemn procession past the thousands of peo-ple who jammed the sidewalks to watch and mourn.’’ 
Runnion went on to write the main story 
about the 888-page Warren Commission re-port on the shooting. 
‘‘The report was embargoed for a later re-
lease to give journalists time to absorb the contents instead of rushing out with the first available tidbits,’’ he wrote. ‘‘But the stark principal finding was right there: Oswald, acting alone, had murdered America’s be-loved president.’’ 
Ask Runnion what sparked his interest in 
journalism and he’d rewind back to his birth in Kansas City, Mo., in 1929. His mother was a teacher; his father, like his grandfather, was a newspaperman. 
‘‘I grew up in a newsroom—quite lit-
erally,’’ he told this reporter in a 1989 inter-view. 
For Runnion, home was wherever his fa-
ther worked. At age 12, his family moved to St. Louis and the Star-Times; in 1941, it was Chicago and the Sun. 
Life changed in 1945 when Runnion’s father 
fell underneath a commuter train and was killed. The next day, Runnion, then a high school junior, enrolled in a journalism course. Eventually receiving a degree from Northwestern University’s Medill School of Journalism in 1951, he worked ‘‘four god- awful months’’ at the Chicago City News Bu-reau, servicing a half-dozen metropolitan pa-pers with crime reports. 
‘‘I was covering the night police beat in 
the south side of Chicago, which had the sec-ond highest crime rate in the world outside of Singapore at that time,’’ he recalled. ‘‘Earned 25 bucks a week for approximately an 80-hour week.’’ 
Runnion went on to join United Press 
International, reporting and editing in New York starting in 1953, in London in 1955 (where he covered Winston Churchill), in Paris in 1957 (where he covered Charles de Gaulle) and in Washington, D.C., in 1960. 
‘‘Came in on the tail end of the ’60 elec-
tions, spent the next three years covering Kennedy, the civil rights movement, covered Martin Luther King’s march on Washington, got assigned to cover the space program, covered Alan Shepard’s flight, covered John Glenn’s flight,’’ he recalled. 
Runnion was also the lead writer of UPI’s 
coverage of the Cuban missile crisis. 
‘‘I was really incredibly lucky,’’ he said. 
‘‘Everywhere I went was one after another of the biggest news stories of the world. Those were the most monumental news stories of my generation. What the hell more do you want?’’ 
In 1966, Runnion decided he needed a break. 
Moving to Vermont, he joined the Reformer in 1969 and became its managing editor in 1971. Working in Windham County for two decades, he both reported and made state news. 
In 1983, for example, Runnion was the only 
journalist invited to the wedding of then Vermont House Speaker Stephan Morse—a ceremony presided over by then Gov. Rich-ard Snelling—with explicit instructions not to write a word. 
If the bride and groom didn’t suspect 
Runnion had other thoughts when he arrived 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4683 July 7, 2015 
with a camera, they knew it when they 
picked up the Reformer the next publication day and saw their nuptials splashed as an ex-clusive atop the front page. 
Runnion, deemed by one competitor ‘‘chief 
curmudgeon of the Vermont press corps,’’ surprised readers in 1990 by leaving the paper to attend Virginia Theological Seminary, work as a seminarian assistant at the all- black St. Luke’s Episcopal Church in Wash-ington, and serve as rector of St. Martin’s Episcopal Church in Fairlee. 
Invited to address several New England 
press associations, the new priest condemned the media for ‘‘growing ineptness’’ he blamed on a loss of ethics and ‘‘corporate obsession with the bottom line.’’ 
‘‘I don’t think the First Amendment is a 
protective umbrella for the kind of sin jour-nalism we are seeing in our culture today,’’ he said at one event. ‘‘I don’t think picturing violence for the sake of money is what Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton had in mind. The fact is, the public has a right not to know a lot of the junk that is being tossed their way in the name of the ‘right to know.’’’ 
Runnion would retire from the church in 
2001 and return to journalism by writing for the weekly Herald of Randolph, near his Brookfield home. His column on the 50th an-niversary of Kennedy’s assassination was re-printed by the statewide news website VTDigger.org, spurring a flurry of public comment. 
‘‘Hey, Norm: Oswald did not do it,’’ one 
reader posted. 
‘‘Good point—I agree,’’ Runnion replied. 
‘‘It was ET and the aliens.’’ 
Runnion will be remembered July 8 at a 
public service in Randolph to be led by Vermont Episcopal Bishop Thomas Ely, with specifics to come from that town’s Day Fu-neral Home. (‘‘He wrote a partial obituary and said, ‘You can fill in the blanks,’’’ his wife Linda said Monday.) He’ll also live on through nearly seven decades of his pub-lished work. 
‘‘I personally witnessed much of this his-
tory and believe what I saw over what people who were not there claimed happened 20 or 30 or 50 years later,’’ he recently posted to Internet readers sharing conspiracy theories. ‘‘But hey, it’s differences of opinion that make the world go around. Cheers, Norm.’’ 
f 
CELEBRATING WYOMING’S 125TH 
STATEHOOD ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, we 
will celebrate the 125th anniversary of the day Wyoming became a State on Friday, July 10, 2015. 
Wyoming’s journey to statehood was 
not without hurdles. In fact, the debate in Congress was contentious. The argu-ments centered upon one of our most proud accomplishments—a decision made long before Wyoming became a State. On December 10, 1869, the Wyo-ming territory was the first in the United States to grant women the right to vote. 
Efforts to attain statehood finally 
came to fruition 20 years later. It was incumbent on our delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives, Joseph M. Carey, to convince his colleagues to support the statehood bill. 
On March 26, 1890, the day of the 
statehood bill debate, Joseph Carey spoke passionately about Wyoming. His words still hold true today. He said that Wyoming was rich in agricultural possibilities. He explained Wyoming 
was one of nature’s great storehouses of minerals. Joseph Carey also talked about grazing development, edu-cational leadership, widespread railway construction, the model Constitution, and the unique opportunities for women. 
Yet, opponents to our statehood did 
not support women having the right to vote. On the same day as Joseph Carey’s impassioned speech, Represent-ative William Oates of Alabama argued against our admittance to the Union. He said, ‘‘Mr. Speaker, I do not hesi-tate to say that in my judgment the franchise has been too liberally ex-tended. Should we ever reach universal suffrage this Government will become practically a pure democracy and then the days of its existence are num-bered.’’ 
The U.S. House of Representatives 
narrowly passed Wyoming’s statehood bill with a vote of 139–127. Part of the narrow margin was due to Democrats in Congress fearing that Wyoming would be a Republican State. The U.S. Senate passed the bill on June 27, 1890. 
President Benjamin Harrison signed 
the bill into law on July 10, 1890, which led to impromptu celebrations across the State. Newspapers reported a 44- gun salute in Laramie; Douglas cele-brated ‘‘louder than ever;’’ and ‘‘Rawlins Town is wild.’’ 
The main celebration on July 23 fea-
tured a 2-mile parade in Cheyenne con-sisting of many floats. One float had 42 women representing the older States and a small carriage in which rode three little girls, representing the God-dess of Liberty, the State of Idaho—ad-mitted July 3, and the State of Wyo-ming. The parade led to the Capitol where Esther Hobart Morris, the first female justice of the peace in the United States from Wyoming, pre-sented a 44-star silk flag, purchased by women of the State of Wyoming to Governor Francis E. Warren. 
After a 44-gun salute, Mrs. I.S. Bart-
lett read an original poem, ‘‘The True Republic.’’ Her poem ended with the following words: 
Let the bells ring out more loudly and the 
deep-toned cannon roar, 
Giving voice to our thanksgiving, such as 
never rose before, 
For we tread enchanted ground today, we’re 
glorious, proud and great; 
Our independence day has come—Wyoming is 
a State! 
As Wyoming marks 125 years of 
statehood, I encourage my colleagues to join me in celebrating Wyoming’s rich heritage, geological wonders and genuine cowboy hospitality that pro-vides a truly wonderful experience to visitors from all over the world. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FERDINAND, INDI-
ANA ON ITS 175TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, 
today, I wish to honor the town of Fer-dinand on its 175th anniversary and to recognize the many contributions of Ferdinand’s citizens to the surrounding 
communities, the great State of Indi-ana, and to our country. 
Ferdinand’s history dates to the mid- 
1800s when Dubois County was known for its merchants and tobacco market. The town was established on January 8, 1840, as a resting point for travelers and was officially incorporated as a town in 1905. Ferdinand quickly began to grow and develop with the discovery of materials needed to make paint. The town began manufacturing paint and developed the largest foundry in the county. By the end of the 19th century, Ferdinand innovated as industries changed and grew to include manufac-turing plants, small businesses, a mill, schools, churches, and a convent. Today, manufacturing continues to be its top industry. 
Ferdinand is a community of 2,500 
citizens located in the beautiful hills of southern Indiana. Throughout the year, outdoor enthusiasts visit Ferdi-nand to take advantage of its numer-ous natural wonders. Camping, hunt-ing, swimming, fishing, and hiking are just a handful of the activities avail-able to visitors. Since its founding, Ferdinand has remained the home to some of our State’s most beautiful parks and forests, plus an expanding trail system. Ferdinand is home to the Ferdinand State Forest, a historic Benedictine monastery, and the Ferdi-nand Folk Festival. The community is also a short drive from Abraham Lin-coln’s boyhood home and the gravesite of his mother, Nancy Hanks Lincoln. 
The strength of Ferdinand is rooted 
in an importance placed on commu-nity, family values, and quality edu-cation. Ferdinand Elementary School and Cedar Crest Intermediate School are both four-star academic institu-tions that provide quality education to young Hoosiers. Furthermore, the resi-dents of Ferdinand are widely known for their strong work ethic, sense of community, and Hoosier hospitality. It is due to these enduring qualities that Ferdinand has been a contributor to In-diana’s success. It is a great honor to represent the town of Ferdinand, also known as the ‘‘gateway to Dubois County and a gateway to opportunity,’’ in the Senate. On behalf of the State of Indiana, I congratulate each and every citizen of Ferdinand on the town’s 175th anniversary and wish you contin-ued success and prosperity in the fu-ture. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GARY HOLLANDER 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today 
I wish to recognize and honor Gary Hollander of Milwaukee, WI, for 20 years of guiding Diverse & Resilient as its founder and CEO. I have known Gary for many years and have been proud to work with and support his ef-forts at Diverse & Resilient throughout that time. Gary has been a leader in the mental health and LGBT commu-nities, and his passion for serving peo-ple will be missed by all who have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4684 July 7, 2015 
worked with him and who have bene-
fited from his guidance and passion. 
A licensed psychologist, Gary re-
ceived his degrees in education and psychology from the University of Wis-consin—Milwaukee. His professional career began in the Milwaukee Public Schools, where he was a classroom teacher and school psychologist. He later served in the education division at Planned Parenthood of Wisconsin and later as an educational consultant to Planned Parenthood Federation of America. Gary developed an HIV men-tal health program and HIV clinic in conjunction with Aurora Health Care, a leading health care provider in Wis-consin. He later directed their medical education programs and was the found-ing administrator of the Center for Urban Population Health. 
In 1995, Gary founded Diverse & Re-
silient as a way to build the capacity of LGBT groups across Wisconsin, filling a void in the public health sphere. Gary recognized that public health organiza-tions and community groups were not rising to meet the needs of the LGBT community, and he became the driving force behind greater community en-gagement and recognition of the LGBT community in Wisconsin. During his tenure, Diverse & Resilient has ex-panded many times over and currently serves more than 5,000 LGBT people each year, helping them to thrive by living healthy, satisfying lives in safe, supportive communities. 
His tireless work on behalf of Wiscon-
sin’s LGBT community has led to greater understanding, improved access to care, and new ways of looking at the unique and divers needs of the LGBT community. Gary and his team have focused their work in six priority areas: acceptance, cultivating leaders, mental health, sexual health, partner and community violence, and sub-stance abuse—areas in which they hope to eliminate health disparities between LGBT people and the general popu-lation. They have made many impres-sive strides over the past 20 years, and I know that the future is bright for Di-verse & Resilient, as well as Wiscon-sin’s LGBT community, because of Gary’s work. 
I am proud to call Gary a friend, and 
I am grateful for his important con-tributions to our State and the LGBT community. I know that his passion and dedication to improving the lives of others will continue long after he steps down from his leadership role at Diverse & Resilient. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING BATH, NEW HAMP-
SHIRE ON ITS 250TH ANNIVER-SARY 
∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I 
wish to pay tribute to Bath, NH—a town in Grafton County that is cele-brating the 250th anniversary of its founding. I am proud to join citizens 
across the Granite State in recognizing this historic occasion. 
Bath is surrounded by the Green 
Mountains to the west and White Mountains to the east and is situated at the furthest navigable point of the Connecticut River. Both the Ammonoosuc and Wild Ammonoosuc Rivers flow through Bath and are the source of the rich soil and ample water power responsible for Bath’s thriving industrial and agricultural history. 
The town of Bath is named for Wil-
liam Pulteney, first Earl of Bath, and was originally chartered by Colonial Governor Benning Wentworth in 1761 and later settled by John Herriman of Haverhill, MA, in 1765. 
Bath is known as the Covered Bridge 
Capital of New England and is home to the Bath, Swiftwater, and Bath-Haver-hill covered bridges. Bath’s architec-tural history is represented by a well- preserved group of 18th and 19th cen-tury style buildings located within its villages. One of the most famous of these buildings is The Brick Store. Opened in 1824, this Bath landmark holds the distinction of being the old-est continuously operated general store in the United States. 
As both statesmen and soldiers, Bath 
residents have been known throughout the town’s history for their commit-ment and sacrifice in the service of our great Nation. United States Congress-men Harry Hibbard and James Hutch-ins Johnson both share ties to Bath, but it is New Hampshire’s former Dis-trict 1 executive councilor, Raymond S. Burton, who exemplified the mean-ing of public service. For over 30 years, Ray tirelessly advocated for his con-stituents throughout the North Coun-try, and at the end of the day he al-ways returned to his farm on River Road in Bath. 
On behalf of all Granite Staters, I am 
pleased to offer my congratulations to the citizens of Bath on reaching this special milestone, and I thank them for their many contributions to the life and spirit of the State of New Hamp-shire. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BEN STEELE 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize World War II veteran, teach-er, and artist Ben Steele, for whom the new middle school in Billings, MT will be named. I had the distinct honor to meet Mr. Steele in Washington, DC, when he was in town for the Big Sky Honor Flight last year. Following the Fourth of July holiday celebrating our Nation’s independence, it is fitting to recognize a man that understands the importance of freedom better than most. Mr. Steele served in the Phil-ippines and survived the horrors of the Bataan Death March. 
As a prisoner of war, Mr. Steele 
chronicled his experiences through drawings, and after the war, he re-ceived formal training as an artist. Re-ceiving his master’s degree in art from the University of Denver, he went on to 
teach art at several colleges including Montana State University in Billings. His paintings depict the haunting scenes of war, and remind us of the great sacrifices our military men and women make defending our freedom. 
I want to express my deep gratitude 
to Mr. Steele for his service to our country and dedication to teaching and inspiring generations of Montana stu-dents. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING JIM MALONE 
∑Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, today I 
honor James ‘‘Jim’’ Malone, a retired Navy veteran from Chandler, AZ who tragically passed away at the young age of 55 after a hard-fought battle with Adenocarcinoma, a terminal form of cancer. 
Jim served honorably in the U.S. 
Navy from 1977 to 1981 before retiring as a disbursing clerk second class. Hav-ing served during peacetime, Jim wrote that his most meaningful memory was pulling out of port and seeing the land disappear. ‘‘I always got a charge over that,’’ he said. ‘‘When I was on watch, I would look out and realize that I was protecting family and loved ones back home.’’ 
Before his untimely death, Jim re-
ceived word that the Dream Founda-tion, a national dream-granting organi-zation for adults and their families suf-fering from life-threatening illness, would help him achieve a life-long wish to visit Washington, DC. My office helped the foundation do everything we could to plan a memorable trip for Jim and his wife and son, including tours of the White House and U.S. Capitol and visits to historic landmarks around the city. 
Jim was deeply proud of his military 
service, and looked forward to sharing the rich cultural history of the Na-tion’s capital with his family, writing: ‘‘I am hoping this trip will help them to fully understand why I felt the call to duty in my youth and why my serv-ice to this country is so important to me.’’ He described his ‘‘deep love of this country and its history’’ and the importance of sharing that patriotic spirit with his family. 
Tragically, Jim’s health sharply de-
clined in the week leading up to his trip, and he passed away the day before he was expected to depart for his dream experience. While Jim left this world far too early, we should all take com-fort in knowing that his memory and selfless service has left a mark on Ari-zona and our Nation. 
I am also comforted by the work that 
organizations like the Dream Founda-tion have and will continue to do to honor veterans like Jim through dream-granting programs that give dying veterans and their families the opportunity to make the most of the time they have left, while also improv-ing their end-of-life care. 
As Sheri, Jim’s wife, explained, ‘‘[My 
husband was] overwhelmed by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4685 July 7, 2015 
Foundation granting him his dream. 
Even though he didn’t get to go on the trip,’’ she continued, ‘‘it helped to re-store his faith in the goodness of peo-ple.’’ 
I hope we might all keep in our 
thoughts and prayers the Malone fam-ily as they mourn the loss of their be-loved husband and father, whose serv-ice to our State and Nation will always be remembered. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-
uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on June 25, 2015, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the House agreed to the following concurrent res-olution, without amendment: 
S. Con. Res. 19. Concurrent resolution pro-
viding for a conditional adjournment or re-cess of the Senate and an adjournment of the House of Representatives. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the order of the Senate of Jan-
uary 6, 2015, the Secretary of the Sen-ate, on June 25, 2015, during the ad-journment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representa-tives announcing that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 533. An act to revoke the charter of 
incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Okla-homa at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:34 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1615. An act to direct the Chief FOIA 
Officer of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to make certain improvements in the implementation of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2200. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to establish chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear intel-ligence and information sharing functions of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security and to re-quire dissemination of information analyzed by the Department to entities with respon-sibilities relating to homeland security, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1615. An act to direct the Chief FOIA 
Officer of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to make certain improvements in the implementation of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
H.R. 2200. An act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to establish chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear intel-
ligence and information sharing functions of the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security and to re-quire dissemination of information analyzed by the Department to entities with respon-sibilities relating to homeland security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 1698. A bill to exclude payments from 
State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2116. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13348 of July 22, 2004, rel-ative to the former Liberian regime of Charles Taylor; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2117. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Report to the U.S. Congress on Global Export Credit Competition’’; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2118. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, Department of Energy, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Barriers to Industrial Energy Efficiency’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–2119. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Administration, Cost and Impact of Quality Improvement Organiza-tion (QIO) Program for Medicare Bene-ficiaries for Fiscal Year (FY) 2012’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–2120. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Application Proce-dures for Approval of Benefit Suspensions for Certain Multiemployer Defined Benefit Pen-sion Plans under Section 432(e)(9)’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–34) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 22, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2121. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Health Profession Opportunity Grants (HPOG) Pro-gram and Evaluation Portfolio Interim Re-port to Congress’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2122. A communication from the Execu-
tive Director for Operations, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Commission’s commercial activities inventory; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–2123. A communication from the Regu-
latory Coordinator, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Department of Home-land Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Change to Existing Regulation Concerning the Interest Rate Paid on Cash Deposited to Secure Im-migration Bonds’’ (RIN1653–AA66) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 23, 2015; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
S. 1109. A bill to require adequate informa-
tion regarding the tax treatment of pay-ments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 114–76). 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, without amendment: 
S. 1359. A bill to allow manufacturers to 
meet warranty and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Internet websites, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–77). 
By Mr. BURR, from the Select Committee 
on Intelligence, without amendment: 
S. 1705. An original bill to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Ms. 
MURKOWSKI , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. D AINES , 
Mr. M ORAN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. U DALL , 
Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. H OEVEN ): 
S. 1704. A bill to amend the Indian Tribal 
Justice Act to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. BURR: 
S. 1705. An original bill to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; from the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mr. 
H
EINRICH ): 
S. 1706. A bill to amend the Energy Inde-
pendence and Security Act of 2007 to pro-
mote energy efficiency via information and computing technologies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. 
C
OTTON ): 
S. 1707. A bill to designate the Federal 
building located at 617 Walnut Street in Hel-ena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. BROWN: 
S. 1708. A bill to improve certain provisions 
relating to charter schools; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4686 July 7, 2015 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. K ING, and Ms. C ANT-
WELL ): 
S. 1709. A bill to reduce risks to the finan-
cial system by limiting banks’ ability to en-gage in certain risky activities and limiting conflicts of interest, to reinstate certain Glass-Steagall Act protections that were re-pealed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
C
OONS , and Mr. C ASEY ): 
S. 1710. A bill to authorize a grant-match-
ing program that strengthens and acceler-ates interventions in the lowest-performing elementary schools and secondary schools; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. D
ON-
NELLY , Mr. C RAPO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
HELLER , Mr. K ING, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. 
DAINES , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. R OBERTS , 
and Mr. I SAKSON ): 
S. 1711. A bill to provide for a temporary 
safe harbor from the enforcement of inte-grated disclosure requirements for mortgage loan transactions under the Real Estate Set-tlement Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. BENNET: 
S. 1712. A bill to amend the Small Tract 
Act of 1983 to expand the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture to sell or exchange small parcels of National Forest System land to enhance the management of the National Forest System, resolve minor encroach-ments, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. 
By Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ): 
S. 1713. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to provide loans and grants for solar installations in low-income and underserved areas; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mrs. 
C
APITO , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
KAINE, Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. R OB-
ERTS ): 
S. 1714. A bill to amend the Surface Mining 
Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 33 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
33, a bill to provide certainty with re-spect to the timing of Department of Energy decisions to approve or deny applications to export natural gas, and for other purposes. 
S. 71 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 71, a bill to preserve open com-petition and Federal Government neu-trality towards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construc-tion projects. 
S. 164 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. MERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 164, a bill to increase the rates of pay under the General Schedule and other statutory pay systems and for prevailing rate employees by 3.8 per-cent, and for other purposes. 
S. 271 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 271, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for their disability and either re-tired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for cov-erage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 389 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID), the Senator from Massachusetts 
(Ms. W ARREN ), the Senator from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. C ASEY ) and the Senator 
from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 389, a bill to amend section 1111(h)(1)(C)(i) of the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to require that annual State report cards reflect the same race groups as the decennial census of popu-lation. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 439, a bill to end discrimi-nation based on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 491, a bill to lift the trade em-bargo on Cuba. 
S. 497 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 497, a bill to allow Americans to earn paid sick time so that they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their families. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Wis-consin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of prescription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
S. 551 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 551, a bill to increase pub-lic safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of fire-arms or the issuance of firearms and explosives licenses to known or sus-pected dangerous terrorists. 
S. 564 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) and the Senator from Minnesota 
(Mr. F RANKEN ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 564, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to include licensed hearing aid specialists as eligible for appointment in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 599 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 599, a bill to extend and ex-pand the Medicaid emergency psy-chiatric demonstration project. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive co-insurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 628 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 628, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designation of maternity care health professional shortage areas. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ), the Senator from 
Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) and the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 654 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 654, a bill to exempt certain class A CDL drivers from the require-ment to obtain a hazardous material endorsement while operating a service vehicle with a fuel tank containing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4687 July 7, 2015 
3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less of die-
sel fuel. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify presump-tions relating to the exposure of cer-tain veterans who served in the vicin-ity of the Republic of Vietnam, and for other purposes. 
S. 696 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
696, a bill to increase the number and percentage of students who graduate from high school college and career ready with the ability to use knowl-edge to solve complex problems, think critically, communicate effectively, collaborate with others, and develop academic mindsets, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 700 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 700, a bill to amend the Asbestos Information Act of 1988 to es-tablish a public database of asbestos- containing products, to require public disclosure of information pertaining to the manufacture, processing, distribu-tion, and use of asbestos-containing products in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 857 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from Virginia 
(Mr. K AINE) and the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 857, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of an initial comprehen-sive care plan for Medicare bene-ficiaries newly diagnosed with Alz-heimer’s disease and related demen-tias, and for other purposes. 
S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to vic-tims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 901, a bill to establish in the Department of Veterans Affairs a na-tional center for research on the diag-nosis and treatment of health condi-tions of the descendants of veterans ex-posed to toxic substances during serv-ice in the Armed Forces that are re-lated to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health condi-tions, and for other purposes. S. 911 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 911, a bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration to issue an order with respect to secondary cockpit barriers, and for other purposes. 
S. 976 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 976, a bill to promote the de-velopment of a United States commer-cial space resource exploration and uti-lization industry and to increase the exploration and utilization of resources in outer space. 
S. 979 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1013 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Or-
egon (Mr. M ERKLEY ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1013, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage and payment for complex rehabilitation technology items under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1085 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1085, a bill to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive as-sistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to ex-pand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uni-formed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1203 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1203, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the processing by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs of claims for benefits under laws administered by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1212, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1239 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1239, a bill to amend the Clean Air Act with respect to the ethanol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure lim-itations under that Act. 
S. 1250 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1250, a bill to encourage States to require the installation of residen-tial carbon monoxide detectors in homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 1333 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1333, a bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to exclude cannabidiol and cannabidiol-rich plants from the definition of mari-huana, and for other purposes. 
S. 1347 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1347, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of patient en-counters in ambulatory surgical cen-ters in determining meaningful EHR use, and for other purposes. 
S. 1362 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1362, a bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs). 
S. 1387 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1387, a bill to amend title XVI of the Social Security Act to update eligibility for the supplemental secu-rity income program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1389 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1389, a bill to authorize expor-tation of consumer communications devices to Cuba and the provision of telecommunications services to Cuba, and for other purposes. 
S. 1428 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1428, a bill to amend the USEC Privat-ization Act to require the Secretary of Energy to issue a long-term Federal ex-cess uranium inventory management plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1454 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1454, a bill to enhance interstate com-merce by creating a National Hiring Standard for Motor Carriers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4688 July 7, 2015 
S. 1495 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1495, a bill to curtail the use of changes in mandatory programs affecting the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spending. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1512, a bill to eliminate discrimi-nation and promote women’s health and economic security by ensuring rea-sonable workplace accommodations for workers whose ability to perform the functions of a job are limited by preg-nancy, childbirth, or a related medical condition. 
S. 1513 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1513, a bill to reauthorize the Sec-ond Chance Act of 2007. 
S. 1536 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1536, a bill to amend chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (com-monly known as the Regulatory Flexi-bility Act), to ensure complete analysis of potential impacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Wis-
consin (Ms. B ALDWIN ), and the Senator 
from Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1598 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names 
of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
CORNYN ) and the Senator from North 
Dakota (Mr. H OEVEN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1598, a bill to prevent discriminatory treatment of any per-son on the basis of views held with re-spect to marriage. 
S. 1617 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ), the Senator from South Da-
kota (Mr. R OUNDS ), the Senator from 
Oregon (Mr. W YDEN ), the Senator from 
Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ), the Senator 
from Arizona (Mr. M CCAIN), the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts (Mr. M AR-
KEY), the Senator from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. T OOMEY ), the Senator from Maine 
(Ms. C OLLINS ), the Senator from Min-
nesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) and the Sen-
ator from Ohio (Mr. P ORTMAN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1617, a bill to prevent Hizballah and associated enti-ties from gaining access to inter-national financial and other institu-
tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1636 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. LANKFORD ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1636, a bill to streamline the collec-tion and distribution of Government information. 
S. 1654 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1654, a bill to prevent deaths occur-ring from drug overdoses. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for determining which States and polit-ical subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1691 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1691, a bill to expedite and prioritize forest management activities to achieve ecosystem restoration objec-tives, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 15 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S.J. Res. 15, a joint resolution re-moving the deadline for the ratifica-tion of the equal rights amendment. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 148, a resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the Inter-national Covenants on Human Rights. 
S. RES. 200 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) and the Senator from Vir-
ginia (Mr. W ARNER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. Res. 200, a resolution wishing His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama a happy 80th birthday on July 6, 2015, and recognizing the outstanding contributions His Holiness has made to the promotion of nonviolence, human rights, interfaith dialogue, environ-mental awareness, and democracy. 
S. RES. 216 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK), the Senator from Nevada (Mr. 
HELLER ) and the Senator from New 
York (Mr. S CHUMER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. Res. 216, a resolution rec-ognizing the month of June 2015 as ‘‘Immigrant Heritage Month’’, a cele-bration of the accomplishments and contributions immigrants and their children have made in shaping the his-tory, strengthening the economy, and enriching the culture of the United States. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself 
and Mr. C OTTON ): S. 1707. A bill to designate the Fed-
eral building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, the 
Honorable Jacob Trieber, of Helena, AR, known as a ‘‘genius lawyer and ju-rist,’’ served as the first Jewish Fed-eral judge in the United States. Born on October 6, 1853, in Raschkow, Prus-sia, a young Jacob Trieber and his fam-ily escaped the growing anti-Semitism in Prussia and moved to the United States. In a few short years they estab-lished their homestead and a family 
store in Helena, AR. In 1873, he began to study law, and 3 years later entered the Arkansas Bar. In 1897, he was ap-pointed U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas in Little Rock. Three years later, on July 26, 1900, President William McKinley appointed Jacob Trieber to the Federal bench, where for 27 years Judge Trieber served on the U.S. Circuit Court for the East-ern District of Arkansas. Judge Trieber was committed to equal justice for all, and ruled for equality for African Americans and women. Judge Trieber had astounding foresight. Many of his rulings were important to civil rights and wildlife conservation. Judge Trieber was also committed to his local Arkansas community and served as an elected official on the Helena City Council and as the Phillips Coun-ty treasurer. Judge Trieber played an influential role in saving the Old State House and establishing the Arkansas State Tuberculosis Sanatorium. In honor of Judge Jacob Trieber, Senator C
OTTON and I are introducing this leg-
islation that designates the Federal Building in Helena-West Helena, Ar-kansas, the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and Court House.’’ Judge Trieber’s name will appropriately mark this building and stand as a symbol of his significant work for not only the peo-ple of Arkansas, but for the entire United States. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1707 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JACOB TRIEBER FEDERAL BUILDING, 
UNITED STATES POST OFFICE, AND UNITED STATES COURT HOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Federal building lo-
cated at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkan-sas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4689 July 7, 2015 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. K ING, and Ms. 
CANTWELL ): 
S. 1709. A bill to reduce risks to the 
financial system by limiting banks’ ability to engage in certain risky ac-tivities and limiting conflicts of inter-est, to reinstate certain Glass-Steagall Act protections that were repealed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak in support of the 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act. I am hon-ored to join Senators M
CCAIN, CANT-
WELL , and K INGin introducing this bill. 
Washington is a partisan place and 
this Congress has its share of partisan bills, but we have all joined together because we all want a more stable economy that works not just for those at the top but for everyone. 
Seven years ago, Wall Street’s high- 
risk bets brought our economy to its knees. The Dallas Fed estimates that the total cost of the crash was $14 tril-lion. Millions of families lost their homes. Millions of people lost their savings. Millions of people lost their jobs. And even today, millions of hard- working, play-by-the-rules people are still struggling to survive. 
Over the past 7 years, we have made 
some real progress dialing back the risk of a future crisis. But despite that progress, the biggest banks continue to threaten the economy. The biggest banks are collectively much bigger today than they were 7 years ago. They continue to engage in dangerous, high- risk practices. And with each new headline and subsequent legal settle-ment, it becomes clearer that they keep chasing profits even if it means breaking the law. 
The big banks weren’t always al-
lowed to take on big risks while enjoy-ing the benefits of taxpayer guaran-tees. Four years after the 1929 Wall Street crash, Congress passed the Glass-Steagall Act, which is best known for separating investment banks and their risk-taking from com-mercial banks that manage savings ac-counts, checking accounts, and offer other banking services. 
For 50 years, Glass-Steagall played a 
central role in keeping our country safe. Traditional banking stayed sepa-rate from high-risk Wall Street bank-ing. There wasn’t a single major finan-cial crisis, and the financial sector helped contribute to a sustained, broad-based economic growth that helped build America’s middle class. But the big traditional banks wanted the higher profits they could get from taking more risks, and investors in the big investment banks wanted access to the low-cost, insured deposits of tradi-tional banks, so they teamed up to try to tear down Glass-Steagall’s wall. Starting in the 1980s, regulators of the Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency buckled under industry pressure and began pok-ing bigger and bigger holes in the wall between investment and commercial 
banking, and, after 12 separate at-tempts, Congress repealed most of Glass-Steagall in 1999. 
The 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act 
will rebuild the wall between commer-cial banks and investment banks, sepa-rating traditional banks that offer sav-ings and checking accounts and that are insured by the FDIC from their riskier counterparts on Wall Street. Banks can choose: Take big risks using investors’ money or be very careful using depositors’ money—but no more mixing the two. 
The 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act 
also fills in the holes the regulators punched in the original Glass-Steagall, and it recognizes that the financial markets have become more com-plicated since the 1930s, so it covers products that did not exist when Glass- Steagall was originally passed. 
By itself, the 21st Century Glass- 
Steagall Act will not end too big to fail and implicit government subsidies, but it will make financial institutions smaller, safer, and move us in the right direction. By separating depository in-stitutions from riskier activities, large financial institutions will shrink in size and won’t be able to rely on FDIC insurance as a safety net for their high-risk activities. It will stop the game these banks have played for far too long—heads, the big banks win and take all the profits; tails, the tax-payers lose and get stuck with the bill. 
Our proposal has an added benefit—it 
is simple. It doesn’t require thousands of pages of new rules. And better still, if we rebuilt the wall between commer-cial banks and investment banks, we could even cut back on some of the other rules we have in place to stop big banks from taking on too much risk. 
If financial institutions actually 
have to face the consequences of their business decisions, if they cannot rely on government insurance to subsidize their riskiest activities, then the inves-tors in those institutions will have a stronger incentive to closely monitor those risks before they get out of hand and take down the entire economy. Government regulators could play a more limited role, and that is an out-come everyone should like. 
It has now been 7 years since the 
great financial crash. Most of the banks that were too big to fail in 2008 are even bigger now. Shortly after they were bailed out by the American tax-payers, these banks once again started raking in billions of dollars in profits. In fact, in 2014 they posted two of their most profitable quarters in the last 20 years. Between 2010 and 2013, the me-dian compensation for a big-bank CEO was about $15 million a year while me-dian household income in the United States during that same period—that is, income for the whole family—was barely above $50,000. The big banks and their executives have recovered hand-somely from the crisis they helped cre-ate while too many other Americans are still scraping to get by. We weren’t sent to Washington to 
work for the big banks. It is time for a banking system that serves the best in-terests of the American people, not just those few at the top. The 21st Cen-tury Glass-Steagall Act is an impor-tant step in the right direction, and I ask my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this bipartisan measure to strengthen our economy. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2078. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. 
UDALL ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthor-
ize the Elementary and Secondary Education 
Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
SA 2079. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, Mr. 
K
ING, and Mr. T ESTER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra. 
SA 2080. Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. 
MARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2081. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2082. Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. 
BENNET ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2083. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. 
PETERS , and Mr. I SAKSON ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2084. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2085. Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. 
C
OCHRAN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra. 
SA 2086. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra. 
SA 2087. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mr. P ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2088. Mr. REED submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2089. Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1177, supra. 
SA 2090. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4690 July 7, 2015 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie 
on the table. 
SA 2091. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2092. Mrs. M
CCASKILL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2093. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OONS , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. K AINE, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. 
MCCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. U DALL , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. 
KIRK) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2094. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. 
GARDNER , and Mr. V ITTER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra. 
SA 2095. Mr. PETERS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment 
SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra. 
SA 2096. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. 
MERKLEY , Ms. A YOTTE , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2097. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2098. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2099. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. 
MANCHIN , and Mrs. C APITO ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2100. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2101. Mr. ENZI submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2102. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mr. 
BROWN , and Mrs. C APITO ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2103. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and 
Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 
submitted by Mr. A LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2104. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and 
Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2105. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2106. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2107. Mr. TESTER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2108. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and 
Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2109. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and Mr. 
HELLER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2110. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. V ITTER , Mr. J OHN-
SON, Mr. L EE, Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. B LUNT , and 
Mr. C RAPO ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2111. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
REID) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2112. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2113. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2114. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2115. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2116. Mr. BENNET submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2117. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2118. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2119. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARPER , Mr. C OONS , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2120. Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. 
GARDNER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2121. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
MANCHIN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2078. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself 
and Mr. U DALL ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; as follows: 
On page 723, after line 23, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 7006. REPORT ON ELEMENTARY AND SEC-
ONDARY EDUCATION IN RURAL OR POVERTY AREAS OF INDIAN COUN-TRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—By not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall con-duct a study regarding elementary and sec-ondary education in rural or poverty areas of Indian country. 
(b) R
EPORT .—By not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education, in collaboration with the Secretary of the Interior, shall pre-pare and submit to Congress a report on the study described in subsection (a) that— 
(1) includes the findings of the study; (2) identifies barriers to autonomy that In-
dian tribes have within elementary schools and secondary schools funded or operated by the Bureau of Indian Education; 
(3) identifies recruitment and retention op-
tions for highly effective teachers and school administrators for elementary school and secondary schools in rural or poverty areas of Indian country; 
(4) identifies the limitations in funding 
sources and flexibility for such schools; and 
(5) provides strategies on how to increase 
high school graduation rates in such schools, in order to increase the high school gradua-tion rate for students at such schools. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) ESEA DEFINITIONS .—The terms ‘‘ele-
mentary school’’, ‘‘high school’’, and ‘‘sec-ondary school’’ shall have the meanings given the terms in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(2) I
NDIAN COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘Indian 
country’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code. 
(3) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4691 July 7, 2015 
SA 2079. Mrs. FISCHER (for herself, 
Mr. K ING, and Mr. T ESTER ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; as follows: 
On page 800, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 9115A. LOCAL GOVERNANCE. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3), 9114, and 9115, and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9540. LOCAL GOVERNANCE. 
‘‘(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to allow the Sec-retary to— 
‘‘(1) exercise any governance or authority 
over school administration, including the de-velopment and expenditure of school budg-ets, unless otherwise authorized under this Act; 
‘‘(2) issue any regulation without first 
complying with the rulemaking require-ments of section 553 of title 5, United States Code; or 
‘‘(3) issue any non-regulatory guidance 
without first, to the extent feasible, consid-ering input from stakeholders. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY UNDER OTHER LAW.—Noth-
ing in subsection (a) shall be construed to af-fect any authority the Secretary has under any other Federal law.’’. 
SA 2080. Mr. HATCH (for himself and 
Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1018. STUDENT PRIVACY POLICY COM-
MITTEE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF A COMMITTEE ON  
STUDENT PRIVACY POLICY .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, there is established a committee to be known as the ‘‘Student Privacy Policy Com-mittee’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Committee’’). 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(1) C OMPOSITION .—The Committee shall be 
composed of— 
(A) 3 individuals appointed by the Sec-
retary of Education; 
(B) not less than 8 and not more than 13 in-
dividuals appointed by the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States, representing— 
(i) experts in education data and student 
privacy; 
(ii) educators and parents; (iii) State and local government officials 
responsible for managing student informa-tion; 
(iv) education technology leaders in the 
State or a local educational agency; 
(v) experts with practical experience deal-
ing with data privacy management at the State or local level; 
(vi) experts with a background in academia 
or research in data privacy and education data; and 
(vii) education technology providers and 
education data storage providers; and 
(C) 4 members appointed by— (i) the majority leader of the Senate; (ii) the minority leader of the Senate; 
(iii) the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives; and 
(iv) the minority leader of the House of 
Representatives. 
(D) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Committee shall 
select a Chairperson from among its mem-bers. 
(E) V
ACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Com-
mittee shall not affect the powers of the Committee and shall be filled in the same manner as an initial appointment described in subparagraphs (A) through (C). 
(c) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall hold, 
at the call of the Chairperson, not less than 5 meetings before completing the study re-quired under subsection (e) and the report re-quired under subsection (f). 
(d) P
ERSONNEL MATTERS .— 
(1) C OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .—Each 
member of the Committee shall serve with-out compensation in addition to any such compensation received for the member’s service as an officer or employee of the United States, if applicable. 
(2) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The members of the 
Committee shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter 1 of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Committee. 
(e) D
UTIES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) S TUDY .—The Committee shall conduct a 
study on the effectiveness of Federal laws 
and enforcement mechanisms of— 
(A) student privacy; and (B) parental rights to student information. (2) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Based on the find-
ings of the study under paragraph (1), the Committee shall develop recommendations addressing issues of student privacy and pa-rental rights and how to improve and enforce Federal laws regarding student privacy and parental rights, including recommendations that— 
(A) provide or update standard definitions, 
if needed, for relevant terms related to stu-dent privacy, including— 
(i) education record; (ii) personally identifiable information; (iii) aggregated, de-identified, or 
anonymized data; 
(iv) third-party; and (v) educational purpose; (B) identify— (i) which Federal laws should be updated; 
and 
(ii) the appropriate Federal enforcement 
authority to execute the laws identified in clause (i); 
(C) address the sharing of data in an in-
creasingly technological world, including— 
(i) evaluations of protections in place for 
student data when it is used for research pur-poses; 
(ii) establishing best practices for any enti-
ty that is charged with handling, or that comes into contact with, student education records; 
(iii) ensuring that identifiable data cannot 
be used to target students for advertising or marketing purposes; and 
(iv) establishing best practices for data de-
letion and minimization; 
(D) discuss transparency and parental ac-
cess to personal student information by es-tablishing best practices for— 
(i) ensuring parental knowledge of any en-
tity that stores or accesses their student’s information; 
(ii) parents to amend, delete, or modify 
their student’s information; and 
(iii) a central designee in a State or a po-
litical subdivision of a State who can oversee transparency and serve as a point of contact for interested parties; (E) establish best practices for the local 
entities who handle student privacy, which may include professional development for those who come into contact with identifi-able data; and 
(F) discuss how to improve coordination 
between Federal and State laws. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Com-mittee shall prepare and submit a report to the Secretary of Education and to Congress containing the findings of the study under subsection (e)(1) and the recommendations developed under subsection (e)(2). 
SA 2081. Mr. HATCH submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 63, beginning on line 22, strike 
‘‘and the’’ and all that follows through the semicolon on line 25 and insert the following: ‘‘and the steps the State will take to further assist local educational agencies, if such strategies are not effective, including an as-surance that the State will make the deter-minations required under paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A) of section 1119(b);’’. 
On page 183, between lines 6 and 7, insert 
the following: 
SEC. lll . REVIEWING POLICIES ON AUTOMATIC 
CONTRACT RENEWALS AND RE-NEGOTIATING CONTRACTS FOR FAILING LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES AND SCHOOLS. 
Subpart 1 of part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6311 
et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1119. REVIEWING POLICIES ON AUTOMATIC 
CONTRACT RENEWALS AND RE-NEGOTIATING CONTRACTS FOR FAILING LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES AND SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) R EVIEWING POLICIES ON AUTOMATIC  
CONTRACT RENEWALS .—Each State receiving 
funds under this part shall require that, be-ginning on the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, each local educational agency or public elementary school or secondary school in the State re-view their policies on entering into contracts that allows for the automatic renewal of the contract without affirmative action by the local educational agency or school, respec-tively. 
‘‘(b) R
ENEGOTIATING ABILITY .—Each State 
receiving funds under this part shall estab-lish policies and procedures ensuring that— 
‘‘(1) each covered contract entered into by 
a local educational agency receiving assist-ance under this part allows the local edu-cational agency, during any period for which the local educational agency is a failing local educational agency— 
‘‘(A) to renegotiate any of the terms or 
conditions of the covered contract at any point before the expiration of the term of the covered contract; and 
‘‘(B) after the State determines that the 
local educational agency has attempted to renegotiate in good faith but the parties have been unable to reach agreement, to be released from the contract; and 
‘‘(2) each covered contract entered into by 
a public elementary school or secondary school receiving assistance under this part allows the school, during any period for which the school is identified for interven-tion and support under section 1114(a)(1) and is served by a failing local educational agen-cy— 
‘‘(A) to renegotiate, with approval by the 
local educational agency, any of the terms or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4692 July 7, 2015 
conditions of the covered contract at any 
point before the expiration of the term of the covered contract; and 
‘‘(B) after the State and local educational 
agency determine that the school has at-tempted to renegotiate in good faith but the parties have been unable to reach agreement, to be released from the contract. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C OVERED CONTRACT .—The term ‘cov-
ered contract’ means a contract or agree-ment that— 
‘‘(A) is entered into by a local educational 
agency, or by a public elementary school or secondary school, that receives assistance under this part; and 
‘‘(B) is entered into or renewed on or after 
the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) F
AILING LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .— 
The term ‘failing local educational agency’ means a local educational agency for which not less than 40 percent of the public schools served by the local educational agency have been identified by the State as in need of intervention and support under section 1114(a)(1) for the applicable year.’’. 
SA 2082. Mr. HATCH (for himself and 
Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 627, line 8, strike ‘‘State.’’ and in-
sert ‘‘State, such as pay for success initia-tives that promote coordination among ex-isting programs and meet the purposes of this part.’’. 
SA 2083. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, 
Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. I SAKSON ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 145, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(e) U SE FOR DUAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLL -
MENT PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency carrying out a schoolwide program or a targeted assistance school program under subsection (c) or (d) in a high school may use funds received under this part— 
‘‘(A) to carry out— ‘‘(i) dual or concurrent enrollment pro-
grams for high school students, through which the students are enrolled in the high school and in postsecondary courses at an in-stitution of higher education; or 
‘‘(ii) programs that allow a student to con-
tinue in a dual or concurrent enrollment pro-gram at a high school for the school year fol-lowing the student’s completion of grade 12; or 
‘‘(B) to provide training for teachers, and 
joint professional development for teachers in collaboration with career and technical educators and educators from institutions of higher education where appropriate, for the purpose of integrating rigorous academics in dual or concurrent enrollment programs. 
‘‘(2) F
LEXIBILITY OF FUNDS .—A local edu-
cational agency using funds received under this part for a dual or concurrent program described in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(A) may use such funds for any of the costs 
associated with such program, including the costs of— 
‘‘(A) tuition and fees, books, and required 
instructional materials for such program; and 
‘‘(B) transportation to and from such pro-
gram. 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to impose on any State any requirement or rule regard-ing dual or concurrent enrollment programs that is inconsistent with State law. 
SA 2084. Mr. ALEXANDER submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 800, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 9115A. CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS 
FOR SCHOOL EMPLOYEES. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3), 9114, and 9115, and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9540. CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS 
FOR SCHOOL EMPLOYEES. 
‘‘(a) C RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency and local educational agency that re-ceives funds under this Act shall have in ef-fect policies and procedures that— 
‘‘(A) require a criminal background check 
for each school employee in each covered school served by such State educational agency and local educational agency con-sistent with State and Federal laws, includ-ing but not limited to the Civil Rights Act of 1964; and 
‘‘(B) establish an appeals process to permit 
a school employee to, among other things, challenge the accuracy of the findings of a criminal background check. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A background check 
required under paragraph (1) shall be con-ducted and administered by— 
‘‘(A) the State; ‘‘(B) the State educational agency; or ‘‘(C) the local educational agency. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE AND LOCAL USES OF FUNDS .—A 
State, State educational agency, or local educational agency that receives funds under this Act may use such funds to establish, im-plement, or improve policies and procedures on background checks for school employees required under subsection (a) to— 
‘‘(1) expand the registries or repositories 
searched when conducting background checks, such as— 
‘‘(A) the State criminal registry or reposi-
tory of the State in which the school em-ployee resides; 
‘‘(B) the State-based child abuse and ne-
glect registries and databases of the State in which the school employee resides; 
‘‘(C) the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
fingerprint check using the Integrated Auto-mated Fingerprint Identification System; and 
‘‘(D) the National Sex Offender Registry 
established under section 119 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16919); 
‘‘(2) provide school employees with train-
ing and professional development on how to recognize, respond to, and prevent child abuse; 
‘‘(3) develop, implement, or improve mech-
anisms to assist covered local educational agencies and covered schools in effectively 
recognizing and quickly responding to inci-dents of child abuse by school employees; 
‘‘(4) develop and disseminate information 
on best practices and Federal, State, and local resources available to assist local edu-cational agencies and schools in preventing and responding to incidents of child abuse by school employees; 
‘‘(5) develop professional standards and 
codes of conduct for the appropriate behavior of school employees; 
‘‘(6) establish, implement, or improve poli-
cies and procedures for covered State edu-cational agencies, covered local educational agencies, or covered schools to provide the results of background checks to— 
‘‘(A) individuals subject to the background 
checks in a statement that indicates wheth-er the individual is ineligible for such em-ployment due to the background check and includes information related to each dis-qualifying crime; 
‘‘(B) the employer in a statement that in-
dicates whether a school employee is eligible or ineligible for employment, without re-vealing any disqualifying crime or other re-lated information regarding the individual; 
‘‘(C) another employer in the same State 
or another State, as permitted under State law, without revealing any disqualifying crime or other related information regarding the individual; and 
‘‘(D) another local educational agency in 
the same State or another State that is con-sidering such school employee for employ-ment, as permitted under State law, without revealing any disqualifying crime or other related information regarding the individual; 
‘‘(7) establish, implement, or improve pro-
cedures that include periodic background checks, which also allows for an appeals process as described in paragraph (8), for school employees in accordance with State policies or the policies of covered local edu-cational agencies served by the covered State educational agency; 
‘‘(8) establish, implement, or improve a 
process by which a school employee may ap-peal the results of a background check, which process is completed in a timely man-ner, gives each school employee notice of an opportunity to appeal, and instructions on how to complete the appeals process; 
‘‘(9) establish, implement, or improve a re-
view process through which the covered State educational agency or covered local educational agency may determine that a school employee disqualified due to a crime is eligible for employment due to mitigating circumstances as determined by a covered local educational agency or a covered State educational agency; 
‘‘(10) establish, implement, or improve 
policies and procedures intended to ensure a covered State educational agency or covered local educational agency does not knowingly transfer or facilitate the transfer of a school employee if the agency knows that employee has engaged in sexual misconduct, as defined by State law, with an elementary school or secondary school student; 
‘‘(11) provide that policies and procedures 
are published on the website of the covered State educational agency and the website of each covered local educational agency served by the covered State educational agency; 
‘‘(12) provide school employees with train-
ing regarding the appropriate reporting of incidents of child abuse under section 106(b)(2)(B)(i) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a(b)(2)(B)(i)); and 
‘‘(13) support any other activities deter-
mined by the State to protect student safety 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4693 July 7, 2015 
or improve the comprehensiveness, coordina-
tion, and transparency of policies and proce-dures on criminal background checks for school employees in the State. 
‘‘(c) N
OPRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .—Noth-
ing in this section shall be construed to cre-ate a private right of action if a State, cov-
ered State educational agency, covered local educational agency, or covered school is in compliance with State regulations and re-quirements concerning background checks. 
‘‘(d) B
ACKGROUND CHECK FEES.—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as prohibiting States or local educational agencies from charging school employees for the costs of processing applications and administering a background check as required by State law, provided that the fees charged to school em-ployees do not exceed the actual costs to the State or local educational agency for the processing and administration of the back-ground check. 
‘‘(e) S
TATE AND LOCAL PLAN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Each plan submitted by a State or 
local educational agency under title I shall include— 
‘‘(1) an assurance that the State and local 
educational agency has in effect policies and procedures that meet the requirements of this section; and 
‘‘(2) a description of laws, regulations, or 
policies and procedures in effect in the State for conducting background checks for school employees designed to— 
‘‘(A) terminate individuals in violation of 
State background check requirements; 
‘‘(B) improve the reporting of violations of 
the background check requirements in the State; 
‘‘(C) reduce the instance of school em-
ployee transfers following a substantiated violation of the State background check re-quirements by a school employee; 
‘‘(D) provide for a timely process by which 
a school employee may appeal the results of a criminal background check; 
‘‘(E) provide each school employee, upon 
request, with a copy of the results of the criminal background check, including a de-scription of the disqualifying item or items, if applicable; 
‘‘(F) provide the results of the criminal 
background check to the employer in a statement that indicates whether a school employee is eligible or ineligible for employ-ment, without revealing any disqualifying crime or other related information regarding the individual; and 
‘‘(G) provide for the public availability of 
the policies and procedures for conducting background checks. 
‘‘(f) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE TO STATES , 
SCHOOL DISTRICTS , AND SCHOOLS .—The Sec-
retary, in collaboration with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Attor-ney General, shall provide technical assist-ance and support to States, local educational agencies, and schools, which shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) developing and disseminating a com-
prehensive package of materials for States, State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, and schools that outlines steps that can be taken to prevent and re-spond to child sexual abuse by school per-sonnel; 
‘‘(2) determining the most cost-effective 
way to disseminate Federal information so that relevant State educational agencies and local educational agencies, child welfare agencies, and criminal justice entities are aware of such information and have access to it; and 
‘‘(3) identifying mechanisms to better 
track and analyze the prevalence of child sexual abuse by school personnel through ex-isting Federal data collection systems, such as the School Survey on Crime and Safety, the National Child Abuse and Neglect Data 
System, and the National Crime Victimiza-tion Survey. 
‘‘(g) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) R EPORTS TO THE SECRETARY .—A cov-
ered State educational agency or covered local educational agency that uses funds pur-suant to this section shall report annually to the Secretary on— 
‘‘(A) the amount of funds used; and ‘‘(B) the purpose for which the funds were 
used under this section. 
‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY ’S REPORT CARD .—Not later 
than July 1, 2017, and annually thereafter, the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall transmit to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a national report card that includes— 
‘‘(A) actions taken pursuant to subsection 
(f), including any best practices identified under such subsection; and 
‘‘(B) incidents of reported child sexual 
abuse by school personnel, as reported through existing Federal data collection sys-tems, such as the School Survey on Crime and Safety, the National Child Abuse and Neglect Data System, and the National Crime Victimization Survey. 
‘‘(h) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING  
BACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
‘‘(1) N O FEDERAL CONTROL .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to authorize an of-ficer or employee of the Federal Government to— 
‘‘(A) mandate, direct, or control the back-
ground check policies or procedures that a State or local educational agency develops or implements under this section; 
‘‘(B) establish any criterion that specifies, 
defines, or prescribes the background check policies or procedures that a State or local educational agency develops or implements under this section; or 
‘‘(C) require a State or local educational 
agency to submit such background check policies or procedures for approval. 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON REGULATION .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed to permit the Secretary to establish any criterion that— 
‘‘(A) prescribes, or specifies requirements 
regarding, background checks for school em-ployees; 
‘‘(B) defines the term ‘background checks’, 
as such term is used in this section; or 
‘‘(C) requires a State or local educational 
agency to report additional data elements or information to the Secretary not otherwise explicitly authorized under this section or any other Federal law. 
‘‘(3) E
XISTING CIVIL RIGHTS LAW .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed as permit-ting a State or local agency or official to amend, establish, or implement background checks for school employees in a manner in-consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or limiting Federal enforcement of such law. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘covered local educational 
agency’ means a local educational agency that receives funds under this Act; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘covered school’ means a pub-
lic elementary school or public secondary school, including a public elementary or sec-ondary charter school, that receives funds under this Act; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘covered State educational 
agency’ means a State educational agency that receives funds under this Act; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘school employee’ includes, 
at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) an employee of, or a person seeking 
employment with, a covered school, covered local educational agency, or covered State educational agency and who, as a result of 
such employment, has (or, in the case of a person seeking employment, will have) a job duty that includes unsupervised contact or interaction with elementary school or sec-ondary school students; or 
‘‘(B) any person, or any employee of any 
person, who has a contract or agreement to provide services with a covered school, cov-ered local educational agency, or covered State educational agency, and such person or employee, as a result of such contract or agreement, has a job duty that includes un-supervised contact or unsupervised inter-action with elementary school or secondary school students. 
‘‘SEC. 9541. PROHIBITIONS ON TRANSFERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State, State edu-
cational agency, or local educational agency that receives funds under this Act shall have regulations, laws, or policies that prohibit any person, State educational agency, or local educational agency from knowingly transferring or facilitating the transfer of any school employee while knowing, or in reckless disregard of, credible information indicating that such school employee en-gaged in sexual misconduct with a minor in violation of the law, unless such information has been properly reported as required by Federal, State, or local law, including title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. and its implementing reg-ulations at section 106 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations), and no action has been taken by the relevant authorities within 2 years or the employee has been exonerated. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall not 
have the authority to mandate, direct, or control the specific measures adopted by the State, State educational agency, or local educational agency pursuant to this sec-tion.’’. 
SA 2085. Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mr. C OCHRAN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; as follows: 
On page 69, after line 25, insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(ii) assist local educational agencies in 
developing effective school library programs to provide students an opportunity to de-velop digital literacy skills and to help en-sure that all students graduate from high school prepared for postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for reme-diation; and’’. 
On page 107, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(B) assist schools in developing effective 
school library programs to provide students an opportunity to develop digital literacy skills and to help ensure that all students graduate from high school prepared for post-secondary education or the workforce with-out the need for remediation; and’’. 
On page 282, strike lines 18 and 19 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(xiii) Supporting the instructional serv-
ices provided by effective school library pro-grams.’’. 
On page 305, strike lines 14 and 15 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(M) supporting the instructional services 
provided by effective school library pro-grams;’’. 
On page 364, line 9, insert ‘‘school librar-
ians,’’ after ‘‘personnel,’’. 
On page 365, line 10, insert ‘‘school librar-
ians,’’ after ‘‘support personnel,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4694 July 7, 2015 
On page 771, lines 12 and 13, strike ‘‘and 
speech language pathologists,’’ and insert ‘‘, speech language pathologists, and school li-brarians’’. 
SA 2086. Mr. WARNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; as follows: 
On page 772, after line 23, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lllll . CONSOLIDATION OF STATE AD-
MINISTRATIVE FUNDS FOR ELEMEN-TARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 9201(b)(2) (20 U.S.C. 7821 (b)(2)) is 
amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) implementation of fiscal support 
teams that provide technical fiscal support assistance, which shall include evaluating fiscal, administrative, and staffing func-tions, and any other key operational func-tion.’’. 
SEC. llll . CONSOLIDATION OF FUNDS FOR 
LOCAL ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 9203(d) (20 U.S.C. 7823(d)) is amend-
ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) U SES OF ADMINISTRATIVE FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency that consolidates administrative funds under this section may use the consoli-dated funds for the administration of the programs and for uses, at the school district and school levels, comparable to those de-scribed in section 9201(b)(2). 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL SUPPORT TEAMS .—A local edu-
cational agency that uses funds as described in 9201(b)(2)(I) may contribute State or local funds to expand the reach of such support without violating any supplement, not sup-plant requirement of any program contrib-uting administrative funds.’’. 
SA 2087. Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mr. P ORTMAN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 813, line 8, insert before the semi-
colon the following: ‘‘, and provide training on the definitions of terms related to home-lessness specified in sections 103, 401, and 725 to the personnel (including personnel of pre-school and early childhood education pro-grams provided through the local edu-cational agency) and the liaison’’. 
On page 827, strike line 22 and insert the 
following: nator. 
‘‘(E) C
ERTIFYING HOMELESS STATUS .—A 
local educational agency liaison or member of the personnel of a local educational agen-cy who receives training described in sub-section (f)(6) may certify a child or youth who is participating in a program provided by the local educational agency, or a parent or family of such a child or youth, who meets the eligibility requirements of this Act for a program or service authorized under title IV, as eligible for the program or service.’’; and SA 2088. Mr. REED submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 772, between lines 14 and 15, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(47) I NEXPERIENCED TEACHER .—The term 
‘inexperienced teacher’ means a teacher in a public school who has been teaching less than a total of 3 complete school years.’’. 
SA 2089. Mr. ALEXANDER (for him-
self and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Every Child 
Achieves Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Statement of purpose. Sec. 5. Table of contents of the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
TITLE I—IMPROVING BASIC PROGRAMS 
OPERATED BY STATE AND LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES 
Sec. 1001. Statement of purpose. 
Sec. 1002. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 1003. School intervention and support 
and State administration. 
Sec. 1004. Basic program requirements. Sec. 1005. Parent and family engagement. Sec. 1006. Participation of children enrolled 
in private schools. 
Sec. 1007. Supplement, not supplant. Sec. 1008. Coordination requirements. Sec. 1009. Grants for the outlying areas and 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
Sec. 1010. Allocations to States. Sec. 1011. Maintenance of effort. Sec. 1012. Academic assessments. Sec. 1013. Education of migratory children. Sec. 1014. Prevention and intervention pro-
grams for children and youth who are neglected, delinquent, or at-risk. 
Sec. 1015. General provisions. Sec. 1016. Report on subgroup sample size. Sec. 1017. Report on implementation of edu-
cational stability of children in foster care. 
TITLE II—HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, 
PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS 
Sec. 2001. Transfer of certain provisions. 
Sec. 2002. Preparing, training, and recruit-
ing high-quality teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders. 
Sec. 2003. American history and civics edu-
cation. 
Sec. 2004. Literacy education. Sec. 2005. Improving science, technology, en-
gineering, and mathematics in-struction and student achieve-ment. 
Sec. 2006. General provisions. 
TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION FOR 
ENGLISH LEARNERS AND IMMIGRANT STUDENTS 
Sec. 3001. General provisions. Sec. 3002. Authorization of appropriations. 
Sec. 3003. English language acquisition, lan-
guage enhancement, and aca-demic achievement. 
Sec. 3004. Other provisions. Sec. 3005. American community survey re-
search. 
TITLE IV—SAFE AND HEALTHY 
STUDENTS 
Sec. 4001. General provisions. 
Sec. 4002. Grants to States and local edu-
cational agencies. 
Sec. 4003. 21st century community learning 
centers. 
Sec. 4004. Elementary school and secondary 
school counseling programs. 
Sec. 4005. Physical education program. 
TITLE V—EMPOWERING PARENTS AND 
EXPANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH INNOVATION 
Sec. 5001. General provisions. 
Sec. 5002. Public charter schools. Sec. 5003. Magnet schools assistance. Sec. 5004. Supporting high-ability learners 
and learning. 
Sec. 5005. Education innovation and re-
search. 
Sec. 5006. Accelerated learning. Sec. 5007. Ready-to-Learn Television. Sec. 5008. Innovative technology expands 
children’s horizons (I–TECH). 
Sec. 5009. Literacy and arts education. Sec. 5010. Early learning alignment and im-
provement grants. 
TITLE VI—INNOVATION AND 
FLEXIBILITY 
Sec. 6001. Purposes. 
Sec. 6002. Improving academic achievement. Sec. 6003. Rural education initiative. Sec. 6004. General provisions. Sec. 6005. Review relating to rural local edu-
cational agencies. 
TITLE VII—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
Sec. 7001. Indian education. 
Sec. 7002. Native Hawaiian education. Sec. 7003. Alaska Native education. Sec. 7004. Native American language immer-
sion schools and programs. 
Sec. 7005. Improving Indian student data 
collection, reporting, and anal-ysis. 
TITLE VIII—IMPACT AID 
Sec. 8001. Purpose. 
Sec. 8002. Amendment to Impact Aid Im-
provement Act of 2012. 
Sec. 8003. Payments relating to Federal ac-
quisition of real property. 
Sec. 8004. Payments for eligible federally 
connected children. 
Sec. 8005. Policies and procedures relating 
to children residing on Indian lands. 
Sec. 8006. Application for payments under 
sections 8002 and 8003. 
Sec. 8007. Construction. Sec. 8008. Facilities. Sec. 8009. State consideration of payments 
in providing State aid. 
Sec. 8010. Definitions. Sec. 8011. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE IX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 9101. Definitions. 
Sec. 9102. Applicability to Bureau of Indian 
Education operated schools. 
Sec. 9103. Consolidation of funds for local 
administration. 
Sec. 9104. Rural consolidated plan. Sec. 9105. Waivers of statutory and regu-
latory requirements. 
Sec. 9106. Plan approval process. Sec. 9107. Participation by private school 
children and teachers. 
Sec. 9108. Maintenance of effort. Sec. 9109. School prayer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4695 July 7, 2015 
Sec. 9110. Prohibitions on Federal Govern-
ment and use of Federal funds. 
Sec. 9111. Armed forces recruiter access to 
students and student recruiting information. 
Sec. 9112. Prohibition on federally sponsored 
testing. 
Sec. 9113. Limitations on national testing or 
certification for teachers. 
Sec. 9114. Consultation with Indian tribes 
and tribal organizations. 
Sec. 9115. Outreach and technical assistance 
for rural local educational agencies. 
Sec. 9116. Evaluations. 
TITLE X—EDUCATION FOR HOMELESS 
CHILDREN AND YOUTHS; OTHER LAWS; MISCELLANEOUS 
PART A—E
DUCATION FOR HOMELESS  
CHILDREN AND YOUTH  
Sec. 10101. Statement of policy. 
Sec. 10102. Grants for State and local activi-
ties. 
Sec. 10103. Local educational agency sub-
grants. 
Sec. 10104. Secretarial responsibilities. Sec. 10105. Definitions. Sec. 10106. Authorization of appropriations. 
PART B—O
THER LAWS; MISCELLANEOUS  
Sec. 10201. Use of term ‘‘highly qualified’’ in 
other laws. 
Sec. 10202. Department staff. Sec. 10203. Report on Department actions to 
address Office of the Inspector General charter school reports. 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is to enable States 
and local communities to improve and sup-port our Nation’s public schools and ensure that every child has an opportunity to achieve. 
SEC. 5. TABLE OF CONTENTS OF THE ELEMEN-
TARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT OF 1965. 
Section 2 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
‘‘The table of contents for this Act is as 
follows: 
‘‘Sec. 1. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
‘‘TITLE I—IMPROVING THE ACADEMIC 
ACHIEVEMENT OF THE DISADVANTAGED 
‘‘Sec. 1001. Statement of purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 1002. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘Sec. 1003. State administration. 
‘‘PART A—I
MPROVING BASIC PROGRAMS  
OPERATED BY LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘SUBPART 1 —BASIC PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS  
‘‘Sec. 1111. State plans. 
‘‘Sec. 1112. Local educational agency plans. ‘‘Sec. 1113. Eligible school attendance areas; 
schoolwide programs; targeted assistance programs. 
‘‘Sec. 1114. School identification, interven-
tions, and supports. 
‘‘Sec. 1115. Parent and family engagement. ‘‘Sec. 1116. Participation of children en-
rolled in private schools. 
‘‘Sec. 1117. Fiscal requirements. ‘‘Sec. 1118. Coordination requirements. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —ALLOCATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 1121. Grants for the outlying areas and 
the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘Sec. 1122. Allocations to States. ‘‘Sec. 1124. Basic grants to local educational 
agencies. ‘‘Sec. 1124A. Concentration grants to local 
educational agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1125. Targeted grants to local edu-
cational agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1125AA. Adequacy of funding of tar-
geted grants to local edu-cational agencies in fiscal years after fiscal year 2001. 
‘‘Sec. 1125A. Education finance incentive 
grant program. 
‘‘Sec. 1126. Special allocation procedures. ‘‘Sec. 1127. Carryover and waiver. 
‘‘PART B—A
CADEMIC ASSESSMENTS  
‘‘Sec. 1201. Grants for State assessments and 
related activities. 
‘‘Sec. 1202. Grants for enhanced assessment 
instruments. 
‘‘Sec. 1203. Audits of assessment systems. ‘‘Sec. 1204. Funding. ‘‘Sec. 1205. Innovative assessment and ac-
countability demonstration au-thority. 
‘‘PART C—E
DUCATION OF MIGRATORY  
CHILDREN  
‘‘Sec. 1301. Program purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 1302. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 1303. State allocations. ‘‘Sec. 1304. State applications; services. ‘‘Sec. 1305. Secretarial approval; peer re-
view. 
‘‘Sec. 1306. Comprehensive needs assessment 
and service-delivery plan; au-thorized activities. 
‘‘Sec. 1307. Bypass. ‘‘Sec. 1308. Coordination of migrant edu-
cation activities. 
‘‘Sec. 1309. Definitions. 
‘‘PART D—P
REVENTION AND INTERVENTION  
PROGRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHO 
ARENEGLECTED , DELINQUENT , ORAT-RISK 
‘‘Sec. 1401. Purpose and program authoriza-
tion. 
‘‘Sec. 1402. Payments for programs under 
this part. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —STATE AGENCY PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 1411. Eligibility. 
‘‘Sec. 1412. Allocation of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1413. State reallocation of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1414. State plan and State agency ap-
plications. 
‘‘Sec. 1415. Use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1416. Institution-wide projects. ‘‘Sec. 1417. Three-year programs or projects. 
‘‘Sec. 1418. Transition services. ‘‘Sec. 1419. Evaluation; technical assistance; 
annual model program. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —LOCAL AGENCY PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 1421. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 1422. Programs operated by local edu-
cational agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 1423. Local educational agency appli-
cations. 
‘‘Sec. 1424. Uses of funds. ‘‘Sec. 1425. Program requirements for cor-
rectional facilities receiving funds under this section. 
‘‘Sec. 1426. Accountability. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —GENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 1431. Program evaluations. 
‘‘Sec. 1432. Definitions. 
‘‘PART E—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 1501. Federal regulations. 
‘‘Sec. 1502. Agreements and records. ‘‘Sec. 1503. State administration. ‘‘Sec. 1504. Prohibition against Federal man-
dates, direction, or control. 
‘‘Sec. 1505. Rule of construction on equalized 
spending. 
‘‘TITLE II—PREPARING, TRAINING, AND 
RECRUITING HIGH-QUALITY TEACH-ERS, PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS 
‘‘Sec. 2001. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 2002. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2003. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘PART A—F
UND FOR THE IMPROVEMENT OF  
TEACHING AND LEARNING  
‘‘Sec. 2101. Formula grants to States. 
‘‘Sec. 2102. Subgrants to local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 2103. Local use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 2104. Reporting. ‘‘Sec. 2105. National activities of dem-
onstrated effectiveness. 
‘‘Sec. 2106. Supplement, not supplant. 
‘‘PART B—T
EACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER  
INCENTIVE PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 2201. Purposes; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 2202. Teacher and school leader incen-
tive fund grants. 
‘‘Sec. 2203. Reports. 
‘‘PART C—A MERICAN HISTORY AND CIVICS  
EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 2301. Program authorized. 
‘‘Sec. 2302. Teaching of traditional Amer-
ican history. 
‘‘Sec. 2303. Presidential and congressional 
academies for American history and civics. 
‘‘Sec. 2304. National activities. ‘‘Sec. 2305. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART D—L
ITERACY EDUCATION FORALL, 
RESULTS FOR THE NATION  
‘‘Sec. 2401. Purposes; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 2402. Comprehensive literacy State de-
velopment grants. 
‘‘Sec. 2403. Subgrants to eligible entities in 
support of birth through kin-dergarten entry literacy. 
‘‘Sec. 2404. Subgrants to eligible entities in 
support of kindergarten through grade 12 literacy. 
‘‘Sec. 2405. National evaluation and informa-
tion dissemination. 
‘‘Sec. 2406. Supplement, not supplant. 
‘‘PART E—I
MPROVING SCIENCE , TECHNOLOGY , 
ENGINEERING , AND MATHEMATICS INSTRUC -
TION AND STUDENT ACHIEVEMENT . 
‘‘Sec. 2501. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 2502. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 2503. Grants; allotments. ‘‘Sec. 2504. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 2505. Authorized activities. ‘‘Sec. 2506. Performance metrics; report; 
evaluation. 
‘‘Sec. 2507. Supplement, not supplant. 
‘‘PART F—G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 2601. Rules of construction. ‘‘TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION 
FOR ENGLISH LEARNERS AND IMMI-GRANT STUDENTS 
‘‘Sec. 3001. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘PART A—E
NGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION , 
LANGUAGE ENHANCEMENT , AND ACADEMIC  
ACHIEVEMENT ACT 
‘‘Sec. 3101. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 3102. Purposes. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —GRANTS AND SUBGRANTS FOR  
ENGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION AND LAN -
GUAGE ENHANCEMENT  
‘‘Sec. 3111. Formula grants to States. 
‘‘Sec. 3112. Native American and Alaska Na-
tive children in school. 
‘‘Sec. 3113. State and specially qualified 
agency plans. 
‘‘Sec. 3114. Within-State allocations. ‘‘Sec. 3115. Subgrants to eligible entities. ‘‘Sec. 3116. Local plans. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —ACCOUNTABILITY AND  
ADMINISTRATION  
‘‘Sec. 3121. Reporting. 
‘‘Sec. 3122. Reporting requirements. ‘‘Sec. 3123. Coordination with related pro-
grams. 
‘‘Sec. 3124. Rules of construction. ‘‘Sec. 3125. Legal authority under State law. ‘‘Sec. 3126. Civil rights. ‘‘Sec. 3127. Programs for Native Americans 
and Puerto Rico. 
‘‘Sec. 3128. Prohibition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4696 July 7, 2015 
‘‘SUBPART 3 —NATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
‘‘Sec. 3131. National professional develop-
ment project. 
‘‘PART B—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 3201. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 3202. National clearinghouse. ‘‘Sec. 3203. Regulations. 
‘‘TITLE IV—SAFE AND HEALTHY 
STUDENTS 
‘‘PART A—G
RANTS TO STATES AND LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘Sec. 4101. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 4102. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 4103. Formula grants to States. ‘‘Sec. 4104. Subgrants to local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘Sec. 4105. Local educational agency author-
ized activities. 
‘‘Sec. 4106. Supplement, not supplant. ‘‘Sec. 4107. Prohibitions. ‘‘Sec. 4108. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART B—21
STCENTURY COMMUNITY  
LEARNING CENTERS  
‘‘Sec. 4201. Purpose; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 4202. Allotments to States. ‘‘Sec. 4203. State application. ‘‘Sec. 4204. Local competitive subgrant pro-
gram. 
‘‘Sec. 4205. Local activities. ‘‘Sec. 4206. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART C—E
LEMENTARY SCHOOL AND  
SECONDARY SCHOOL COUNSELING PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 4301. Elementary school and secondary 
school counseling programs. 
‘‘PART D—P HYSICAL EDUCATION PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 4401. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 4402. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 4403. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 4404. Requirements. ‘‘Sec. 4405. Administrative provisions. ‘‘Sec. 4406. Supplement, not supplant. ‘‘Sec. 4407. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘TITLE V—EMPOWERING PARENTS AND 
EXPANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH INNOVATION 
‘‘PART A—P
UBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS  
‘‘Sec. 5101. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 5102. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 5103. Grants to support high-quality 
charter schools. 
‘‘Sec. 5104. Facilities financing assistance. ‘‘Sec. 5105. National activities. ‘‘Sec. 5106. Federal formula allocation dur-
ing first year and for successive enrollment expansions. 
‘‘Sec. 5107. Solicitation of input from char-
ter school operators. 
‘‘Sec. 5108. Records transfer. ‘‘Sec. 5109. Paperwork reduction. ‘‘Sec. 5110. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 5111. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART B—M
AGNET SCHOOLS ASSISTANCE  
‘‘Sec. 5201. Findings and purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 5202. Definition. ‘‘Sec. 5203. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 5204. Eligibility. ‘‘Sec. 5205. Applications and requirements. ‘‘Sec. 5206. Priority. ‘‘Sec. 5207. Use of funds. ‘‘Sec. 5208. Limitations. ‘‘Sec. 5209. Authorization of appropriations; 
reservation. 
‘‘PART C—S
UPPORTING HIGH-ABILITY  
LEARNERS AND LEARNING  
‘‘Sec. 5301. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 5302. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 5303. Rule of construction. ‘‘Sec. 5304. Authorized programs. ‘‘Sec. 5305. Program priorities. ‘‘Sec. 5306. General provisions. ‘‘Sec. 5307. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART D—E
DUCATION INNOVATION AND  
RESEARCH  
‘‘Sec. 5401. Grants for education innovation 
and research. ‘‘PART E—A CCELERATED LEARNING  
‘‘Sec. 5501. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 5502. Purposes. ‘‘Sec. 5503. Funding distribution rule. ‘‘Sec. 5504. Accelerated learning examina-
tion fee program. 
‘‘Sec. 5505. Accelerated learning incentive 
program grants. 
‘‘Sec. 5506. Supplement, not supplant. ‘‘Sec. 5507. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 5508. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART F—R
EADY -TO-LEARN TELEVISION  
‘‘Sec. 5601. Ready-To-Learn. 
‘‘PART G—I NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY EXPANDS  
CHILDREN ’SHORIZONS (I-TECH) 
‘‘Sec. 5701. Purposes. 
‘‘Sec. 5702. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 5703. Technology grants program au-
thorized. 
‘‘Sec. 5704. State applications. ‘‘Sec. 5705. State use of grant funds. ‘‘Sec. 5706. Local subgrants. ‘‘Sec. 5707. Reporting. ‘‘Sec. 5708. Authorization. 
‘‘PART H—L
ITERACY AND ARTSEDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 5801. Literacy and arts education. 
‘‘PART I—E ARLY LEARNING ALIGNMENT AND  
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS  
‘‘Sec. 5901. Purposes; definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 5902. Early learning alignment and im-
provement grants. 
‘‘Sec. 5903. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘TITLE VI—FLEXIBILITY AND 
ACCOUNTABILITY 
‘‘Sec. 6001. Purposes. 
‘‘PART A—I MPROVING ACADEMIC  
ACHIEVEMENT  
‘‘SUBPART 1 —FUNDING TRANSFERABILITY FOR  
STATE AND LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘Sec. 6111. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 6112. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 6113. Transferability of funds. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —WEIGHTED STUDENT FUNDING  
FLEXIBILITY PILOT PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 6121. Weighted student funding flexi-
bility pilot program. 
‘‘PART B—R URAL EDUCATION INITIATIVE  
‘‘Sec. 6201. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 6202. Purpose. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —SMALL , RURAL SCHOOL  
ACHIEVEMENT PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 6211. Use of applicable funding. 
‘‘Sec. 6212. Grant program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 6213. Academic achievement assess-
ments. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —RURAL AND LOW -INCOME SCHOOL  
PROGRAM  
‘‘Sec. 6221. Program authorized. 
‘‘Sec. 6222. Uses of funds. ‘‘Sec. 6223. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 6224. Accountability. ‘‘Sec. 6225. Choice of participation. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —GENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 6231. Annual average daily attendance 
determination. 
‘‘Sec. 6232. Supplement, not supplant. ‘‘Sec. 6233. Rule of construction. ‘‘Sec. 6234. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘PART C—G
ENERAL PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 6301. Prohibition against Federal man-
dates, direction, or control. 
‘‘Sec. 6302. Rule of construction on equalized 
spending. 
‘‘TITLE VII—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
‘‘PART A—I NDIAN EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 7101. Statement of policy. 
‘‘Sec. 7102. Purpose. 
‘‘SUBPART 1 —FORMULA GRANTS TO LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES  
‘‘Sec. 7111. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 7112. Grants to local educational agen-
cies and tribes. 
‘‘Sec. 7113. Amount of grants. ‘‘Sec. 7114. Applications. ‘‘Sec. 7115. Authorized services and activi-
ties. 
‘‘Sec. 7116. Integration of services author-
ized. 
‘‘Sec. 7117. Student eligibility forms. ‘‘Sec. 7118. Payments. ‘‘Sec. 7119. State educational agency review. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —SPECIAL PROGRAMS AND  
PROJECTS TO IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL OPPOR -
TUNITIES FOR INDIAN CHILDREN  
‘‘Sec. 7121. Improvement of educational op-
portunities for Indian children and youth. 
‘‘Sec. 7122. Professional development for 
teachers and education profes-sionals. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —NATIONAL ACTIVITIES  
‘‘Sec. 7131. National research activities. 
‘‘Sec. 7132. Grants to tribes for education ad-
ministrative planning, develop-ment, and coordination. 
‘‘
SUBPART 4 —FEDERAL ADMINISTRATION  
‘‘Sec. 7141. National Advisory Council on In-
dian Education. 
‘‘Sec. 7142. Peer review. ‘‘Sec. 7143. Preference for Indian applicants. ‘‘Sec. 7144. Minimum grant criteria. 
‘‘
SUBPART 5 —DEFINITIONS ; AUTHORIZATIONS OF  
APPROPRIATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 7151. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 7152. Authorizations of appropriations. 
‘‘PART B—N ATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 7201. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 7202. Findings. ‘‘Sec. 7203. Purposes. ‘‘Sec. 7204. Native Hawaiian Education 
Council. 
‘‘Sec. 7205. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 7206. Administrative provisions. ‘‘Sec. 7207. Definitions. 
‘‘PART C—A
LASKA NATIVE EDUCATION  
‘‘Sec. 7301. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 7302. Findings. ‘‘Sec. 7303. Purposes. ‘‘Sec. 7304. Program authorized. ‘‘Sec. 7305. Funds for administrative pur-
poses. 
‘‘Sec. 7306. Definitions. 
‘‘PART D—N
ATIVE AMERICAN AND ALASKA  
NATIVE LANGUAGE IMMERSION SCHOOLS AND  
PROGRAMS  
‘‘Sec. 7401. Native American and Alaska Na-
tive language immersion schools and programs. 
‘‘TITLE VIII—IMPACT AID 
‘‘Sec. 8001. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 8002. Payments relating to Federal ac-
quisition of real property. 
‘‘Sec. 8003. Payments for eligible federally 
connected children. 
‘‘Sec. 8004. Policies and procedures relating 
to children residing on Indian lands. 
‘‘Sec. 8005. Application for payments under 
sections 8002 and 8003. 
‘‘Sec. 8007. Construction. ‘‘Sec. 8008. Facilities. ‘‘Sec. 8009. State consideration of payments 
in providing State aid. 
‘‘Sec. 8010. Federal administration. ‘‘Sec. 8011. Administrative hearings and ju-
dicial review. 
‘‘Sec. 8012. Forgiveness of overpayments. ‘‘Sec. 8013. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 8014. Authorization of appropriations. 
‘‘TITLE IX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘PART A—D
EFINITIONS  
‘‘Sec. 9101. Definitions. 
‘‘Sec. 9102. Applicability of title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4697 July 7, 2015 
‘‘Sec. 9103. Applicability to Bureau of Indian 
Education operated schools. 
‘‘PART B—F LEXIBILITY IN THE USE OF  
ADMINISTRATIVE AND OTHER FUNDS  
‘‘Sec. 9201. Consolidation of State adminis-
trative funds for elementary and secondary education pro-grams. 
‘‘Sec. 9202. Single local educational agency 
States. 
‘‘Sec. 9203. Consolidation of funds for local 
administration. 
‘‘Sec. 9204. Consolidated set-aside for De-
partment of the Interior funds. 
‘‘PART C—C
OORDINATION OF PROGRAMS ; CON-
SOLIDATED STATE AND LOCAL PLANS AND  
APPLICATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 9301. Purpose. 
‘‘Sec. 9302. Optional consolidated State 
plans or applications. 
‘‘Sec. 9303. Consolidated reporting. ‘‘Sec. 9304. General applicability of State 
educational agency assurances. 
‘‘Sec. 9305. Consolidated local plans or appli-
cations. 
‘‘Sec. 9306. Other general assurances. 
‘‘PART D—W
AIVERS  
‘‘Sec. 9401. Waivers of statutory and regu-
latory requirements. 
‘‘PART E—A PPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF  
STATE PLANS AND LOCAL APPLICATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 9451. Approval and disapproval of 
State plans. 
‘‘Sec. 9452. Approval and disapproval of local 
educational agency applica-tions. 
‘‘PART F—U
NIFORM PROVISIONS  
‘‘SUBPART 1 —PRIVATE SCHOOLS  
‘‘Sec. 9501. Participation by private school 
children and teachers. 
‘‘Sec. 9502. Standards for by-pass. ‘‘Sec. 9503. Complaint process for participa-
tion of private school children. 
‘‘Sec. 9504. By-pass determination process. ‘‘Sec. 9505. Prohibition against funds for re-
ligious worship or instruction. 
‘‘Sec. 9506. Private, religious, and home 
schools. 
‘‘
SUBPART 2 —OTHER PROVISIONS  
‘‘Sec. 9521. Maintenance of effort. 
‘‘Sec. 9522. Prohibition regarding State aid. ‘‘Sec. 9523. Privacy of assessment results. ‘‘Sec. 9524. School prayer. ‘‘Sec. 9525. Equal access to public school fa-
cilities. 
‘‘Sec. 9526. General prohibitions. ‘‘Sec. 9527. Prohibitions on Federal Govern-
ment and use of Federal funds. 
‘‘Sec. 9528. Armed Forces recruiter access to 
students and student recruiting information. 
‘‘Sec. 9529. Prohibition on federally spon-
sored testing. 
‘‘Sec. 9530. Limitations on national testing 
or certification for teachers. 
‘‘Sec. 9531. Prohibition on nationwide data-
base. 
‘‘Sec. 9532. Unsafe school choice option. ‘‘Sec. 9533. Prohibition on discrimination. ‘‘Sec. 9534. Civil rights. ‘‘Sec. 9535. Rulemaking. ‘‘Sec. 9536. Severability. ‘‘Sec. 9537. Transfer of school disciplinary 
records. 
‘‘Sec. 9538. Consultation with Indian tribes 
and tribal organizations. 
‘‘
SUBPART 3 —TEACHER LIABILITY PROTECTION  
‘‘Sec. 9541. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 9542. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 9543. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 9544. Applicability. ‘‘Sec. 9545. Preemption and election of State 
nonapplicability. 
‘‘Sec. 9546. Limitation on liability for teach-
ers. ‘‘Sec. 9547. Allocation of responsibility for 
noneconomic loss. 
‘‘Sec. 9548. Effective date. 
‘‘
SUBPART 4 —INTERNET SAFETY  
‘‘Sec. 9551. Internet safety. 
‘‘SUBPART 5 —GUN POSSESSION  
‘‘Sec. 9561. Gun-free requirements. 
‘‘SUBPART 6 —ENVIRONMENTAL TOBACCO SMOKE  
‘‘Sec. 9571. Short title. 
‘‘Sec. 9572. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 9573. Nonsmoking policy for children’s 
services. 
‘‘Sec. 9574. Preemption. 
‘‘PART G—E
VALUATIONS  
‘‘Sec. 9601. Evaluations.’’. TITLE I—IMPROVING BASIC PROGRAMS 
OPERATED BY STATE AND LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES 
SEC. 1001. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
Section 1001 (20 U.S.C. 6301) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1001. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to ensure that 
all children have a fair, equitable, and sig-nificant opportunity to receive a high-qual-ity education that prepares them for postsec-ondary education or the workforce, without the need for postsecondary remediation, and to close educational achievement gaps.’’. 
SEC. 1002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 1002 (20 U.S.C. 6302) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY GRANTS .— 
For the purpose of carrying out part A, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ASSESSMENTS .—For the purpose 
of carrying out part B, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be nec-essary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(c) E
DUCATION OF MIGRATORY CHILDREN .— 
For the purpose of carrying out part C, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(d) P
REVENTION AND INTERVENTION PRO-
GRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHOARE 
NEGLECTED , DELINQUENT , ORAT-RISK.—For 
the purpose of carrying out part D, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(e) F
EDERAL ACTIVITIES .—For the purpose 
of carrying out evaluation activities related to title I under section 9601, there are au-thorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(f) S
CHOOL INTERVENTION AND SUPPORT .— 
For the purpose of carrying out section 1114, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 1003. SCHOOL INTERVENTION AND SUPPORT 
AND STATE ADMINISTRATION. 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by striking section 1003; (2) by redesignating section 1004 as section 
1003; and 
(3) in section 1003, as redesignated by para-
graph (2), by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND SUPPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State may reserve 
not more than 4 percent of the amount the State receives under subpart 2 of part A for a fiscal year to carry out paragraph (2) and to carry out the State educational agency’s responsibilities under section 1114(a), includ-ing carrying out the State educational agen-cy’s statewide system of technical assistance 
and support for local educational agencies. 
‘‘(2) U
SES.—Of the amount reserved under 
paragraph (1) for any fiscal year, the State educational agency— 
‘‘(A) shall use not less than 95 percent of 
such amount by allocating such sums di-rectly to local educational agencies for ac-tivities required under section 1114; or 
‘‘(B) may, with the approval of the local 
educational agency, directly provide for such activities or arrange for their provision through other entities such as school support teams, educational service agencies, or other nonprofit or for-profit organizations that use evidence-based strategies to improve student achievement, teaching, and schools. 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—The State educational 
agency, in allocating funds to local edu-cational agencies under this subsection, shall give priority to local educational agen-cies that— 
‘‘(A) serve the lowest-performing elemen-
tary schools and secondary schools, as iden-tified by the State under section 1114; 
‘‘(B) demonstrate the greatest need for 
such funds, as determined by the State; and 
‘‘(C) demonstrate the strongest commit-
ment to using evidence-based interventions to enable the lowest–performing schools to improve student achievement and student outcomes. 
‘‘(4) U
NUSED FUNDS .—If, after consultation 
with local educational agencies in the State, the State educational agency determines that the amount of funds reserved to carry out this subsection for a fiscal year is great-er than the amount needed to provide the as-sistance described in this subsection, the State educational agency shall allocate the excess amount to local educational agencies in accordance with— 
‘‘(A) the relative allocations the State edu-
cational agency made to those agencies for that fiscal year under subpart 2 of part A; or 
‘‘(B) section 1126(c). ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this subsection, the amount of funds reserved by the State edu-cational agency under this subsection for any fiscal year shall not decrease the amount of funds each local educational agen-cy receives under subpart 2 of part A below the amount received by such local edu-cational agency under such subpart for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(6) R
EPORTING .—Each State educational 
agency shall make publicly available a list of those schools that have received funds or services pursuant to this subsection and the percentage of students from each such school from families with incomes below the pov-erty line.’’. 
SEC. 1004. BASIC PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS. 
Subpart 1 of part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6311 
et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by striking sections 1111 through 1117 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1111. STATE PLANS. 
‘‘(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For any State desiring 
to receive a grant under this part, the State educational agency shall submit to the Sec-retary a plan, developed by the State edu-cational agency with timely and meaningful consultation with the Governor, representa-tives of the State legislature and State board of education (if the State has a State board of education), local educational agencies (in-cluding those located in rural areas), rep-resentatives of Indian tribes located in the State, teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, paraprofessionals (including orga-nizations representing such individuals), ad-ministrators, other staff, and parents, that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4698 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(A) is coordinated with other programs 
under this Act, the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-nical Education Act of 2006, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, the Head Start Act, the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990, the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002, the Education Technical Assistance Act, the National As-sessment of Educational Progress Authoriza-tion Act, the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act, and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act; and 
‘‘(B) describes how the State will imple-
ment evidence-based strategies for improv-ing student achievement under this title and disseminate that information to local edu-cational agencies. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSOLIDATED PLAN .—A State plan 
submitted under paragraph (1) may be sub-mitted as part of a consolidated plan under section 9302. 
‘‘(3) P
EER REVIEW AND SECRETARIAL AP -
PROVAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) establish a peer-review process to as-
sist in the review of State plans; 
‘‘(ii) establish multidisciplinary peer-re-
view teams and appoint members of such teams that— 
‘‘(I) are representative of teachers, prin-
cipals, other school leaders, specialized in-structional support personnel, State edu-cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, and individuals and researchers with practical experience in implementing aca-demic standards, assessments, or account-ability systems, and meeting the needs of disadvantaged students, children with dis-abilities, students who are English learners, the needs of low-performing schools, and other educational needs of students; 
‘‘(II) include a balanced representation of 
individuals who have practical experience in the classroom, school administration, or State or local government, such as direct employees of a school, local educational agency, or State educational agency within the preceding 5 years; and 
‘‘(III) represent a regionally diverse cross- 
section of States; 
‘‘(iii) make available to the public, includ-
ing by such means as posting to the Depart-ment’s website, the list of peer reviewers who will review State plans under this sec-tion; 
‘‘(iv) ensure that the peer-review teams are 
comprised of varied individuals so that the same peer reviewers are not reviewing all of the State plans; and 
‘‘(v) deem a State plan as approved within 
90 days of its submission unless the Sec-retary presents substantial evidence that clearly demonstrates that such State plan does not meet the requirements of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(B) P
URPOSE OF PEER REVIEW .—The peer- 
review process shall be designed to— 
‘‘(i) maximize collaboration with each 
State; 
‘‘(ii) promote effective implementation of 
the challenging State academic standards through State and local innovation; and 
‘‘(iii) provide publicly available, timely, 
and objective feedback to States designed to strengthen the technical and overall quality of the State plans. 
‘‘(C) S
TANDARD AND NATURE OF REVIEW .— 
Peer reviewers shall conduct an objective re-view of State plans in their totality and out of respect for State and local judgments, with the goal of supporting State- and local- led innovation and providing objective feed-back on the technical and overall quality of a State plan. 
‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed as prohib-iting the Secretary from appointing an indi-
vidual to serve as a peer reviewer on more than one peer-review team under subpara-graph (A) or to review more than one State plan. 
‘‘(4) S
TATE PLAN DETERMINATION , DEM-
ONSTRATION , AND REVISION .—If the Secretary 
determines that a State plan does not meet the requirements of this subsection or sub-section (b) or (c), the Secretary shall, prior to declining to approve the State plan— 
‘‘(A) immediately notify the State of such 
determination; 
‘‘(B) provide a detailed description of the 
specific requirements of this subsection or subsection (b) or (c) of the State plan that the Secretary determines fails to meet such requirements; 
‘‘(C) provide all peer-review comments, 
suggestions, recommendations, or concerns in writing to the State; 
‘‘(D) offer the State an opportunity to re-
vise and resubmit its plan within 60 days of such determination, including the chance for the State to present substantial evidence to clearly demonstrate that the State plan meets the requirements of this part; 
‘‘(E) provide technical assistance, upon re-
quest of the State, in order to assist the State to meet the requirements of this sub-section or subsection (b) or (c); and 
‘‘(F) conduct a public hearing within 30 
days of such resubmission, with public notice provided not less than 15 days before such hearing, unless the State declines the oppor-tunity for such public hearing. 
‘‘(5) S
TATE PLAN DISAPPROVAL .—The Sec-
retary shall have the authority to disapprove a State plan if the State has been notified and offered an opportunity to revise and sub-mit with technical assistance under para-graph (4), and— 
‘‘(A) the State does not revise and resub-
mit its plan; or 
‘‘(B) the State revises and resubmits a plan 
that the Secretary determines does not meet the requirements of this part after a hearing conducted under paragraph (4)(F), if applica-ble. 
‘‘(6) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not 
have the authority to require a State, as a condition of approval of the State plan or re-visions or amendments to the State plan, to— 
‘‘(i) include in, or delete from, such plan 1 
or more specific elements of the challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(ii) use specific academic assessment in-
struments or items; 
‘‘(iii) set specific State-designed goals or 
specific timelines for such goals for all stu-dents or each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A); 
‘‘(iv) assign any specific weight or specific 
significance to any measures or indicators of student academic achievement or growth within State-designed accountability sys-tems; 
‘‘(v) include in, or delete from, such a plan 
any criterion that specifies, defines, or pre-scribes— 
‘‘(I) the standards or measures that States 
or local educational agencies use to estab-lish, implement, or improve challenging State academic standards, including the con-tent of, or achievement levels within, such standards; 
‘‘(II) the specific types of academic assess-
ments or assessment items that States and local educational agencies use to meet the requirements of this part; 
‘‘(III) any requirement that States shall 
measure student growth, the specific metrics used to measure student academic growth if a State chooses to measure student growth, or the specific indicators or methods to measure student readiness to enter postsec-
ondary education or the workforce; 
‘‘(IV) any specific benchmarks, targets, 
goals, or metrics to measure nonacademic measures or indicators; 
‘‘(V) the specific weight or specific signifi-
cance of any measure or indicator of student academic achievement within State-designed accountability systems; 
‘‘(VI) the specific goals States establish for 
student academic achievement or high school graduation rates, as described in sub-clauses (I) and (II) of subsection (b)(3)(B)(i); 
‘‘(VII) any aspect or parameter of a teach-
er, principal, or other school leader evalua-tion system within a State or local edu-cational agency; or 
‘‘(VIII) indicators or specific measures of 
teacher, principal, or other school leader ef-fectiveness or quality; or 
‘‘(vi) require data collection beyond data 
derived from existing Federal, State, and local reporting requirements and data sources. 
‘‘(B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed as author-izing, requiring, or allowing any additional reporting requirements, data elements, or in-formation to be reported to the Secretary not otherwise explicitly authorized under Federal law. 
‘‘(7) P
UBLIC REVIEW .—All written commu-
nications, feedback, and notifications under this subsection shall be conducted in a man-ner that is transparent and immediately made available to the public through the website of the Department, including— 
‘‘(A) plans submitted or resubmitted by a 
State; 
‘‘(B) peer-review comments; ‘‘(C) State plan determinations by the Sec-
retary, including approvals or disapprovals; and 
‘‘(D) notices and transcripts of public hear-
ings under this section. 
‘‘(8) D
URATION OF THE PLAN .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall— 
‘‘(i) remain in effect for the duration of the 
State’s participation under this part or 7 years, whichever is shorter; and 
‘‘(ii) be periodically reviewed and revised 
as necessary by the State educational agen-cy to reflect changes in the State’s strate-gies and programs under this part. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If a State makes signifi-
cant changes to its plan at any time, such as the adoption of new challenging State aca-demic standards, new academic assessments, or changes to its accountability system under subsection (b)(3), such information 
shall be submitted to the Secretary in the form of revisions or amendments to the State plan. 
‘‘(ii) R
EVIEW OF REVISED PLANS .—The Sec-
retary shall review the information sub-mitted under clause (i) and approve or dis-approve changes to the State plan within 90 days in accordance with paragraphs (4) through (6) without undertaking the peer-re-view process under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR STANDARDS .—If a 
State makes changes to its challenging State academic standards, the requirements of subsection (b)(1), including the require-ment that such standards need not be sub-mitted to the Secretary pursuant to sub-section (b)(1)(A), shall still apply. 
‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL .—A State educational agen-
cy shall submit a revised plan every 7 years subject to the peer-review process under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(D) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
have the authority to place any new condi-tions, requirements, or criteria for approval of a plan submitted for renewal under sub-paragraph (C) that are not otherwise author-ized under this part. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4699 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(9) F AILURE TO MEET REQUIREMENTS .—If a 
State fails to meet any of the requirements of this section, then the Secretary may with-hold funds for State administration under this part until the Secretary determines that the State has fulfilled those requirements. 
‘‘(10) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—Each State shall 
make the State plan publicly available for public comment for a period of not less than 30 days, by electronic means and in a com-puter friendly and easily accessible format, prior to submission to the Secretary for ap-proval under this subsection. The State shall provide an assurance that public comments were taken into account in the development of the State plan. 
‘‘(b) C
HALLENGING STATE ACADEMIC STAND -
ARDS , ACADEMIC ASSESSMENTS , ANDACCOUNT -
ABILITY SYSTEMS .— 
‘‘(1) C HALLENGING STATE ACADEMIC STAND -
ARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State shall provide 
an assurance that the State has adopted challenging academic content standards and aligned academic achievement standards (re-ferred to in this Act as ‘challenging State academic standards’), which achievement standards shall include not less than 3 levels of achievement, that will be used by the State, its local educational agencies, and its schools to carry out this part. A State shall not be required to submit such challenging State academic standards to the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) S
AME STANDARDS .—Except as provided 
in subparagraph (E), the standards required by subparagraph (A) shall be the same stand-ards that the State applies to all public schools and public school students in the State. 
‘‘(C) S
UBJECTS .—The State shall have such 
standards in mathematics, reading or lan-guage arts, and science, and any other sub-jects as determined by the State, which shall include the same knowledge, skills, and lev-els of achievement expected of all public school students in the State. 
‘‘(D) A
LIGNMENT .—Each State shall dem-
onstrate that the challenging State aca-demic standards are aligned with— 
‘‘(i) entrance requirements, without the 
need for academic remediation, for the sys-tem of public higher education in the State; 
‘‘(ii) relevant State career and technical 
education standards; and 
‘‘(iii) relevant State early learning guide-
lines, as required under section 658E(c)(2)(T) of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858c(c)(2)(T)). 
‘‘(E) A
LTERNATE ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT  
STANDARDS FOR STUDENTS WITH THE MOST SIG -
NIFICANT COGNITIVE DISABILITIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The State may, through 
a documented and validated standards-set-ting process, adopt alternate academic achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, pro-vided those standards— 
‘‘(I) are aligned with the challenging State 
academic content standards under subpara-graph (A); 
‘‘(II) promote access to the general cur-
riculum, consistent with the purposes of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, as stated in section 601(d) of such Act; 
‘‘(III) reflect professional judgment of the 
highest achievement standards attainable by those students; 
‘‘(IV) are designated in the individualized 
education program developed under section 614(d)(3) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act for each such student as the academic achievement standards that will be used for the student; and 
‘‘(V) are aligned to ensure that a student 
who meets the alternate academic achieve-ment standards is on track for further edu-cation or employment. ‘‘(ii) P
ROHIBITION ON ANY OTHER ALTERNATE  
OR MODIFIED ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT STAND -
ARDS .—A State shall not develop, or imple-
ment for use under this part, any alternate academic achievement standards for children with disabilities that are not alternate aca-demic achievement standards that meet the requirements of clause (i). 
‘‘(F) E
NGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY  
STANDARDS .—Each State plan shall dem-
onstrate that the State has adopted English language proficiency standards that are aligned with the challenging State academic standards under subparagraph (A). Such standards shall— 
‘‘(i) ensure proficiency in each of the do-
mains of speaking, listening, reading, and writing; 
‘‘(ii) address the different proficiency lev-
els of children who are English learners; and 
‘‘(iii) be aligned with the challenging State 
academic standards in reading or language arts, so that achieving proficiency in the State’s English language proficiency stand-ards indicates a sufficient knowledge of English to measure validly and reliably the student’s achievement on the State’s reading or language arts standards. 
‘‘(G) P
ROHIBITIONS .— 
‘‘(i) S TANDARDS REVIEW OR APPROVAL .—A 
State shall not be required to submit any standards developed under this subsection to the Secretary for review or approval. 
‘‘(ii) F
EDERAL CONTROL .—The Secretary 
shall not have the authority to mandate, di-rect, control, coerce, or exercise any direc-tion or supervision over any of the chal-lenging State academic standards adopted or implemented by a State. 
‘‘(H) E
XISTING STANDARDS .—Nothing in this 
part shall prohibit a State from revising, consistent with this section, any standard adopted under this part before or after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) A
CADEMIC ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall 
demonstrate that the State educational agency, in consultation with local edu-cational agencies, has implemented a set of high-quality statewide academic assess-ments that— 
‘‘(i) includes, at a minimum, academic 
statewide assessments in mathematics, read-ing or language arts, and science; and 
‘‘(ii) meets the requirements of subpara-
graph (B). 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The assessments 
under subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) except as provided in subparagraph 
(D), be— 
‘‘(I) the same academic assessments used 
to measure the achievement of all public ele-mentary school and secondary school stu-dents in the State; and 
‘‘(II) administered to all public elementary 
school and secondary school students in the State; 
‘‘(ii) be aligned with the challenging State 
academic standards, and provide coherent and timely information about student at-tainment of such standards and whether the student is performing at the student’s grade level; 
‘‘(iii) be used for purposes for which such 
assessments are valid and reliable, con-sistent with relevant, nationally recognized professional and technical testing standards, and objectively measure academic achieve-ment, knowledge, and skills; 
‘‘(iv) be of adequate technical quality for 
each purpose required under this Act and consistent with the requirements of this sec-tion, the evidence of which is made public, including on the website of the State edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(v)(I) measure the annual academic 
achievement of all students against the chal-lenging State academic standards in, at a 
minimum, mathematics and reading or lan-guage arts, and be administered— 
‘‘(aa) in each of grades 3 through 8; and ‘‘(bb) at least once in grades 9 through 12; 
and 
‘‘(II) measure the academic achievement of 
all students against the challenging State academic standards in science, and be ad-ministered not less than one time, during— 
‘‘(aa) grades 3 through 5; ‘‘(bb) grades 6 through 9; and ‘‘(cc) grades 10 through 12; ‘‘(vi) involve multiple up-to-date measures 
of student academic achievement, including measures that assess higher-order thinking skills and understanding, which may include measures of student academic growth and may be partially delivered in the form of portfolios, projects, or extended performance tasks; 
‘‘(vii) provide for— ‘‘(I) the participation in such assessments 
of all students; 
‘‘(II) the appropriate accommodations for 
children with disabilities, as defined in sec-tion 602(3) of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, and students with a dis-ability who are provided accommodations under an Act other than the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, necessary to measure the academic achievement of such children relative to the challenging State academic standards; and 
‘‘(III) the inclusion of English learners, 
who shall be assessed in a valid and reliable manner and provided appropriate accom-modations on assessments administered to such students under this paragraph, includ-ing, to the extent practicable, assessments in the language and form most likely to yield accurate data on what such students know and can do in academic content areas, until such students have achieved English lan-guage proficiency, as determined under para-graph (1)(F); 
‘‘(viii) at the State’s choosing— ‘‘(I) be administered through a single 
summative assessment; or 
‘‘(II) be administered through multiple 
statewide assessments during the course of the year if the State can demonstrate that the results of these multiple assessments, taken in their totality, provide a summative score that provides valid and reliable infor-mation on individual student achievement or growth; 
‘‘(ix) notwithstanding clause (vii)(III), pro-
vide for assessments (using tests in English) of reading or language arts of any student who has attended school in the United States 
(not including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) for 3 or more consecutive school years, except that if the local educational agency determines, on a case-by-case individual basis, that academic assessments in another language or form would likely yield more ac-curate and reliable information on what such student knows and can do, the local edu-cational agency may make a determination to assess such student in the appropriate language other than English for a period that does not exceed 2 additional consecutive years, provided that such student has not yet reached a level of English language pro-ficiency sufficient to yield valid and reliable information on what such student knows and can do on tests (written in English) of read-ing or language arts; 
‘‘(x) produce individual student interpre-
tive, descriptive, and diagnostic reports, con-sistent with clause (iii), that allow parents, teachers, principals, and other school leaders to understand and address the specific aca-demic needs of students, and include infor-mation regarding achievement on academic assessments aligned with challenging State academic achievement standards, and that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4700 July 7, 2015 
are provided to parents, teachers, principals, 
and other school leaders as soon as is prac-ticable after the assessment is given, in an understandable and uniform format, and, to the extent practicable, in a language that the parents can understand; 
‘‘(xi) enable results to be disaggregated 
within each State, local educational agency, and school, by— 
‘‘(I) each major racial and ethnic group; ‘‘(II) economically disadvantaged students 
as compared to students who are not eco-nomically disadvantaged; 
‘‘(III) children with disabilities as com-
pared to children without disabilities; 
‘‘(IV) English proficiency status; ‘‘(V) gender; and ‘‘(VI) migrant status; ‘‘(xii) enable itemized score analyses to be 
produced and reported, consistent with clause (iii), to local educational agencies and schools, so that parents, teachers, principals, other school leaders, and administrators can interpret and address the specific academic needs of students as indicated by the stu-dents’ achievement on assessment items; and 
‘‘(xiii) be developed, to the extent prac-
ticable, using the principles of universal de-sign for learning. 
‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION TO DISAGGREGATION .—Not-
withstanding subparagraph (B)(xi), the disaggregated results of assessments shall not be required in the case of a local edu-cational agency or school if— 
‘‘(i) the number of students in a category 
described under subparagraph (B)(xi) is in-sufficient to yield statistically reliable infor-mation; or 
‘‘(ii) the results would reveal personally 
identifiable information about an individual student. 
‘‘(D) A
LTERNATE ASSESSMENTS FOR STU -
DENTS WITH THE MOST SIGNIFICANT COGNITIVE  
DISABILITIES .— 
‘‘(i) A LTERNATE ASSESSMENTS ALIGNED WITH  
ALTERNATE ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT STAND -
ARDS .—A State may provide for alternate as-
sessments aligned with the challenging State academic content standards and alternate academic achievement standards described in paragraph (1)(E) for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, if the State— 
‘‘(I) ensures that for each subject, the total 
number of students assessed in such subject using the alternate assessments does not ex-ceed 1 percent of the total number of all stu-dents in the State who are assessed in such subject; 
‘‘(II) establishes and monitors implementa-
tion of clear and appropriate guidelines for 
individualized education program teams (as defined in section 614(d)(1)(B) of the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act) to apply in determining, individually for each subject, when a child’s significant cognitive disability justifies assessment based on al-ternate academic achievement standards; 
‘‘(III) ensures that, consistent with the re-
quirements of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, parents are involved in the decision to use the alternate assessment for their child; 
‘‘(IV) ensures that, consistent with the re-
quirements of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, students with the most significant cognitive disabilities are involved in and make progress in the general edu-cation curriculum; 
‘‘(V) describes in the State plan the appro-
priate accommodations provided to ensure access to the alternate assessment; 
‘‘(VI) describes in the State plan the steps 
the State has taken to incorporate universal design for learning, to the extent feasible, in alternate assessments; 
‘‘(VII) ensures that general and special 
education teachers and other appropriate staff know how to administer assessments, 
including making appropriate use of accom-modations, to children with disabilities; 
‘‘(VIII) develops, disseminates information 
on, and promotes the use of appropriate ac-commodations to increase the number of stu-dents with significant cognitive disabilities participating in academic instruction and assessments and increase the number of stu-dents with significant cognitive disabilities who are tested against challenging State academic achievement standards; and 
‘‘(IX) ensures that students who take alter-
nate assessments based on alternate aca-demic achievement standards are not pre-cluded from attempting to complete the re-quirements for a regular high school di-ploma. 
‘‘(ii) S
TUDENTS WITH THE MOST SIGNIFICANT  
COGNITIVE DISABILITIES .—In determining the 
achievement of students in the State ac-
countability system, a State educational agency shall include, for all schools in the State, the performance of the State’s stu-dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities on alternate assessments as de-scribed in this subparagraph in the subjects included in the State’s accountability sys-tem, consistent with the 1 percent limitation of clause (i)(I). 
‘‘(E) S
TATE AUTHORITY .—If a State edu-
cational agency provides evidence, which is satisfactory to the Secretary, that neither the State educational agency nor any other State government official, agency, or entity has sufficient authority, under State law, to adopt challenging State academic standards, and academic assessments aligned with such standards, which will be applicable to all students enrolled in the State’s public ele-mentary schools and secondary schools, then the State educational agency may meet the requirements of this subsection by— 
‘‘(i) adopting academic standards and aca-
demic assessments that meet the require-ments of this subsection, on a statewide basis, and limiting their applicability to stu-dents served under this part; or 
‘‘(ii) adopting and implementing policies 
that ensure that each local educational agency in the State that receives grants under this part will adopt academic content and student academic achievement stand-ards, and academic assessments aligned with such standards, which— 
‘‘(I) meet all of the criteria in this sub-
section and any regulations regarding such standards and assessments that the Sec-retary may publish; and 
‘‘(II) are applicable to all students served 
by each such local educational agency. 
‘‘(F) L
ANGUAGE ASSESSMENTS .—Each State 
plan shall identify the languages other than English that are present to a significant ex-tent in the participating student population of the State and indicate the languages for which annual student academic assessments are not available and are needed, and such State shall make every effort to develop such assessments as necessary. 
‘‘(G) A
SSESSMENTS OF ENGLISH LANGUAGE  
PROFICIENCY .—Each State plan shall dem-
onstrate that local educational agencies in the State will provide for an annual assess-ment of English proficiency, which is valid, reliable, and consistent with relevant na-tionally recognized professional and tech-nical testing standards measuring students’ speaking, listening, reading, and writing skills in English, of all children who are English learners in the schools served by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(H) D
EFERRAL .—A State may defer the 
commencement, or suspend the administra-tion, but not cease the development, of the assessments described in this paragraph, for 1 year for each year for which the amount appropriated for grants under part B is less 
than $369,100,000. 
‘‘(I) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING USE  
OF ASSESSMENTS FOR STUDENT PROMOTION OR  
GRADUATION .—Nothing in this paragraph 
shall be construed to prescribe or prohibit the use of the academic assessments de-scribed in this part for student promotion or graduation purposes. 
‘‘(J) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING AS -
SESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to prohibit a State from devel-oping and administering computer adaptive assessments as the assessments described in this paragraph, as long as the computer adaptive assessments— 
‘‘(I) meet the requirements of this para-
graph; and 
‘‘(II) assess the student’s academic 
achievement in order to measure, in the sub-ject being assessed, whether the student is performing above or below the student’s grade level. 
‘‘(ii) A
PPLICABILITY TO ALTERNATE ASSESS -
MENTS FOR STUDENTS WITH THE MOST SIGNIFI -
CANT COGNITIVE DISABILITIES .—In developing 
and administering computer adaptive assess-ments as the assessments allowed under sub-paragraph (D), a State shall ensure that such computer adaptive assessments— 
‘‘(I) meet the requirements of this para-
graph, including subparagraph (D), except such assessments shall not be required to meet the requirements of clause (i)(II); and 
‘‘(II) assess the student’s academic 
achievement in order to measure, in the sub-ject being assessed, whether the student is performing at the student’s grade level. 
‘‘(K) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON PARENT AND  
GUARDIAN RIGHTS .—Nothing in this part shall 
be construed as preempting a State or local law regarding the decision of a parent or guardian to not have the parent or guard-ian’s child participate in the statewide aca-demic assessments under this paragraph. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) C ATEGORY OF STUDENTS .—In this para-
graph, the term ‘category of students’ means— 
‘‘(i) economically disadvantaged students; ‘‘(ii) students from major racial and ethnic 
groups; 
‘‘(iii) children with disabilities; and ‘‘(iv) English learner students. ‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF SYSTEM .—Each State 
plan shall describe a single, statewide State accountability system that will be based on the challenging State academic standards adopted by the State in mathematics and 
reading or language arts under paragraph (1)(C) to ensure that all students graduate from high school prepared for postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remediation and at a min-imum complies with the following: 
‘‘(i) Establishes measurable State-designed 
goals for all students and each of the cat-egories of students in the State that take into account the progress necessary for all students and each of the categories of stu-dents to graduate from high school prepared for postsecondary education or the work-force without the need for postsecondary re-mediation, for, at a minimum each of the following: 
‘‘(I) Academic achievement, which may in-
clude student growth, on the State assess-ments under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I). 
‘‘(II) High school graduation rates, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(aa) the 4-year adjusted cohort gradua-
tion rate; and 
‘‘(bb) at the State’s discretion, the ex-
tended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate. 
‘‘(ii) Annually measures and reports on the 
following indicators: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4701 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(I) The academic achievement of all pub-
lic school students in all public schools and local educational agencies in the State to-wards meeting the goals described in clause (i) and the challenging State academic standards for all students and for each of the categories of students using student per-formance on State assessments required under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I), which may in-clude measures of student academic growth to such standards. 
‘‘(II) The academic success of all public 
school students in all public schools and local educational agencies in the State, that is, with respect to— 
‘‘(aa) elementary schools and secondary 
schools that are not high schools, an aca-demic indicator, as determined by the State, that is the same statewide for all public ele-mentary school students and all students at such secondary schools, and each category of 
students; and 
‘‘(bb) high schools, the high school gradua-
tion rates of all public high school students in all public high schools in the State toward meeting the goals described in clause (i), for all students and for each of the categories of students, including the 4-year adjusted co-hort graduation rate and at the State’s dis-cretion, the extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate. 
‘‘(III) English language proficiency of all 
English learners in all public schools and local educational agencies, which may in-clude measures of student growth. 
‘‘(IV) Not less than one other valid and re-
liable indicator of school quality, student success, or student supports, as determined appropriate by the State, that will be applied to all local educational agencies and schools consistently throughout the State for all students and for each of the categories of students, which may include measures of— 
‘‘(aa) student readiness to enter postsec-
ondary education or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remediation; 
‘‘(bb) student engagement, such as attend-
ance rates and chronic absenteeism (includ-ing both excused and unexcused absences); 
‘‘(cc) educator engagement, such as educa-
tor satisfaction (including working condi-tions within the school), teacher quality and effectiveness, and teacher absenteeism; 
‘‘(dd) results from student, parent, and ed-
ucator surveys; 
‘‘(ee) school climate and safety, such as in-
cidents of school violence, bullying, and har-assment, and disciplinary rates, including rates of suspension, expulsion, referrals to law enforcement, school-related arrests, dis-ciplinary transfers (including placements in alternative schools), and student detentions; 
‘‘(ff) student access to or success in ad-
vanced coursework or educational programs or opportunities; and 
‘‘(gg) any other State-determined measure 
of school quality or student success. 
‘‘(iii) Establishes a system of annually 
identifying and meaningfully differentiating among all public schools in the State, which shall— 
‘‘(I) be based on all indicators in the 
State’s accountability system under clause (ii) for all students and for each of the cat-egories of students; and 
‘‘(II) use the indicators described in sub-
clauses (I) and (II) of clause (ii) as substan-tial factors in the annual identification of schools, and the weight of such factors shall be determined by the State. 
‘‘(iv) For public schools receiving assist-
ance under this part, meets the requirements of section 1114. 
‘‘(v) Provides a clear and understandable 
explanation of the method of identifying and meaningfully differentiating schools under clause (iii). ‘‘(vi) Measures the annual progress of not 
less than 95 percent of all students, and stu-dents in each of the categories of students, who are enrolled in the school and are re-quired to take the assessments under para-graph (2) and provides a clear and under-standable explanation of how the State will factor this requirement into the State-de-signed accountability system determina-tions. 
‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION FOR ENGLISH LEARNERS .—A 
State may choose to— 
‘‘(A) exclude a recently arrived English 
learner who has attended school in one of the 50 States in the United States or in the Dis-trict of Columbia for less than 12 months from one administration of the reading or language arts assessment required under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(B) exclude the results of a recently ar-
rived English learner who has attended school in one of the 50 States in the United States or in the District of Columbia for less than 12 months on the assessments under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I), except for the results on the English language proficiency assess-ments required under paragraph (2)(G), for the first year of the English learner’s enroll-ment in a school in the United States for the purposes of the State-determined account-ability system under this subsection; and 
‘‘(C) include the results on the assessments 
under paragraph (2)(B)(v)(I), except for re-sults on the English language proficiency as-sessments required under paragraph (2)(G), of former English learners for not more than 4 years after the student is no longer identi-fied as an English learner within the English learner category of the categories of stu-dents, as defined in paragraph (3)(A), for the purposes of the State-determined account-ability system. 
‘‘(5) A
CCOUNTABILITY FOR CHARTER  
SCHOOLS .—The accountability provisions 
under this title shall be overseen for charter schools in accordance with State charter school law. 
‘‘(6) P
ROHIBITION ON FEDERAL INTERFERENCE  
WITH STATE AND LOCAL DECISIONS .—Nothing 
in this subsection shall be construed to per-mit the Secretary to establish any criterion that specifies, defines, or prescribes— 
‘‘(A) the standards or measures that States 
or local educational agencies use to estab-lish, implement, or improve challenging State academic standards, including the con-tent of, or achievement levels within, such standards; 
‘‘(B) the specific types of academic assess-
ments or assessment items that States or local educational agencies use to meet the 
requirements of paragraph (2)(B) or other-wise use to measure student academic achievement or student growth; 
‘‘(C) the specific goals that States estab-
lish within State-designed accountability systems for all students and for each of the categories of students, as defined in para-graph (3)(A), for student academic achieve-ment or high school graduation rates, as de-scribed in subclauses (I) and (II) of paragraph (3)(B)(i); 
‘‘(D) any requirement that States shall 
measure student growth or the specific metrics used to measure student academic growth if a State chooses to measure student growth; 
‘‘(E) the specific indicator under paragraph 
(3)(B)(ii)(II)(aa), or any indicator under para-graph (3)(B)(ii)(IV), that a State must use within the State-designed accountability system; 
‘‘(F) setting specific benchmarks, targets, 
or goals, for any other measures or indica-tors established by a State under subclauses (III) and (IV) of paragraph (3)(B)(ii), includ-ing progress or growth on such measures or indicators; ‘‘(G) the specific weight or specific signifi-
cance of any measures or indicators used to measure, identify, or differentiate schools in the State-determined accountability system, as described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of para-graph (3)(B); 
‘‘(H) the terms ‘meaningfully’ or ‘substan-
tially’ as used in this part; 
‘‘(I) the specific methods used by States 
and local educational agencies to identify and meaningfully differentiate among public schools; 
‘‘(J) any aspect or parameter of a teacher, 
principal, or other school leader evaluation system within a State or local educational agency; or 
‘‘(K) indicators or measures of teacher, 
principal, or other school leader effective-ness or quality. 
‘‘(c) O
THER PLANPROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) D ESCRIPTIONS .—Each State plan shall 
describe— 
‘‘(A) with respect to any accountability 
provisions under this part that require disaggregation of information by each of the categories of students, as defined in sub-section (b)(3)(A)— 
‘‘(i) the minimum number of students that 
the State determines are necessary to be in-cluded in each such category of students to carry out such requirements and how that number is statistically sound; 
‘‘(ii) how such minimum number of stu-
dents was determined by the State, including how the State collaborated with teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, and other stakeholders when setting the min-imum number; and 
‘‘(iii) how the State ensures that such min-
imum number does not reveal personally identifiable information about students; 
‘‘(B) the State educational agency’s system 
to monitor and evaluate the intervention and support strategies implemented by local educational agencies in schools identified as in need of intervention and support under section 1114, including the lowest-performing schools and schools identified for other rea-sons, including schools with categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), not meeting the goals described in sub-section (b)(3)(B)(i), and the steps the State will take to further assist local educational agencies, if such strategies are not effective; 
‘‘(C) in the case of a State that proposes to 
use funds under this part to offer early child-hood education programs, how the State pro-vides assistance and support to local edu-cational agencies and individual elementary schools that are creating, expanding, or im-proving such programs, such as through plans for engaging and supporting principals and other school leaders responsible for im-proving early childhood alignment with their elementary school, supporting teachers in understanding the transition between early learning to kindergarten, and increas-ing parent and community engagement; 
‘‘(D) in the case of a State that proposes to 
use funds under this part to support a multi- tiered system of supports, positive behav-ioral interventions and supports, or early in-tervening services, how the State edu-cational agency will assist local educational agencies in the development, implementa-tion, and coordination of such activities and services with similar activities and services carried out under the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act in schools served by the local educational agency, including by providing technical assistance, training, and evaluation of the activities and services; 
‘‘(E) how the State educational agency will 
provide support to local educational agencies for the education of homeless children and youths, and how the State will comply with the requirements of subtitle B of title VII of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4702 July 7, 2015 
the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance 
Act; 
‘‘(F) how low-income and minority chil-
dren enrolled in schools assisted under this part are not served at disproportionate rates by ineffective, out-of-field, and inexperi-enced teachers, principals, or other school leaders, and the measures the State edu-cational agency will use to evaluate and pub-licly report the progress of the State edu-cational agency with respect to such descrip-tion; 
‘‘(G) how the State will make public the 
methods or criteria the State or its local educational agencies are using to measure teacher, principal, and other school leader effectiveness for the purpose of meeting the requirements described in subparagraph (F); however, nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed as requiring a State to develop or implement a teacher, principal, or other school leader evaluation system; 
‘‘(H) how the State educational agency will 
protect each student from physical or men-tal abuse, aversive behavioral interventions that compromise student health and safety, or any physical restraint or seclusion im-posed solely for purposes of discipline or con-venience, which may include how such agen-cy will identify and support, including through professional development, training, and technical assistance, local educational agencies and schools that have high levels of seclusion and restraint or disproportionality in rates of seclusion and restraint; 
‘‘(I) how the State educational agency will 
address school discipline issues, which may include how such agency will identify and support, including through professional de-velopment, training, and technical assist-ance, local educational agencies and schools that have high levels of exclusionary dis-cipline or disproportionality in rates of ex-clusionary discipline; 
‘‘(J) how the State educational agency will 
address school climate issues, which may in-clude providing technical assistance on effec-tive strategies to reduce the incidence of school violence, bullying, harassment, drug and alcohol use and abuse, and rates of chronic absenteeism (including both excused and unexcused absences); 
‘‘(K) how the State determines, with time-
ly and meaningful consultation with local educational agencies representing the geo-graphic diversity of the State, the timelines and annual goals for progress necessary to move English learners from the lowest levels of English proficiency to the State-defined proficient level in a State-determined num-ber of years, including an assurance that 
such goals will be based on students’ initial language proficiency when first identified as an English learner and may take into ac-count the amount of time that an individual child has been enrolled in a language pro-gram and grade level; 
‘‘(L) the steps a State educational agency 
will take to ensure collaboration with the State agency responsible for administering the State plans under parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 621 et seq. and 670 et seq.) to ensure the edu-cational stability of children in foster care, including assurances that— 
‘‘(i) any such child enrolls or remains in 
such child’s school of origin, unless a deter-mination is made that it is not in such child’s best interest to attend the school of origin, which decision shall be based on all factors relating to the child’s best interest, including consideration of the appropriate-ness of the current educational setting and the proximity to the school in which the child is enrolled at the time of placement; 
‘‘(ii) when a determination is made that it 
is not in such child’s best interest to remain in the school of origin, the child is imme-diately enrolled in a new school, even if the 
child is unable to produce records normally required for enrollment; 
‘‘(iii) the enrolling school shall imme-
diately contact the school last attended by any such child to obtain relevant academic and other records; and 
‘‘(iv) the State educational agency will 
designate an employee to serve as a point of contact for child welfare agencies and to oversee implementation of the State agency responsibilities required under this subpara-graph, and such point of contact shall not be the State’s Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths under section 722(d)(3) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act; 
‘‘(M) how the State educational agency 
will provide support to local educational agencies for the education of expectant and parenting students; and 
‘‘(N) any other information on how the 
State proposes to use funds under this part to meet the purposes of this part, and that the State determines appropriate to provide, which may include how the State edu-cational agency will— 
‘‘(i) assist local educational agencies in 
identifying and serving gifted and talented students; and 
‘‘(ii) encourage the offering of a variety of 
well-rounded education experiences to stu-dents. 
‘‘(2) A
SSURANCES .—Each State plan shall 
provide an assurance that— 
‘‘(A) the State educational agency will no-
tify local educational agencies, Indian tribes and tribal organizations, schools, teachers, parents, and the public of the challenging State academic standards, academic assess-ments, and State accountability system, de-veloped under this section; 
‘‘(B) the State educational agency will as-
sist each local educational agency and school affected by the State plan to meet the requirements of this part; 
‘‘(C) the State will participate in the bien-
nial State academic assessments in reading and mathematics in grades 4 and 8 of the Na-tional Assessment of Educational Progress carried out under section 303(b)(3) of the Na-tional Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act if the Secretary pays the costs of administering such assessments; 
‘‘(D) the State educational agency will 
modify or eliminate State fiscal and ac-counting barriers so that schools can easily consolidate funds from other Federal, State, and local sources in order to improve edu-cational opportunities and reduce unneces-sary fiscal and accounting requirements; 
‘‘(E) the State educational agency will sup-
port the collection and dissemination to local educational agencies and schools of ef-fective parent and family engagement strat-egies, including those included in the parent and family engagement policy under section 1115; 
‘‘(F) the State educational agency will pro-
vide the least restrictive and burdensome regulations for local educational agencies and individual schools participating in a pro-gram assisted under this part; 
‘‘(G) the State educational agency will en-
sure that local educational agencies, in de-veloping and implementing programs under this part, will, to the extent feasible, work in consultation with outside intermediary orga-nizations, such as educational service agen-cies, or individuals, that have practical ex-pertise in the development or use of evi-dence-based strategies and programs to im-prove teaching, learning, and schools; 
‘‘(H) the State educational agency has ap-
propriate procedures and safeguards in place to ensure the validity of the assessment process; ‘‘(I) the State educational agency will en-
sure that all teachers and paraprofessionals working in a program supported with funds under this part meet applicable State certifi-cation and licensure requirements, including alternative certification requirements; 
‘‘(J) the State educational agency will co-
ordinate activities funded under this part with other Federal activities as appropriate; 
‘‘(K) the State educational agency has in-
volved the committee of practitioners estab-lished under section 1503(b) in developing the plan and monitoring its implementation; 
‘‘(L) the State has professional standards 
for paraprofessionals working in a program supported with funds under this part, includ-ing qualifications that were in place on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(M) the State educational agency will as-
sess the system for collecting data from local educational agencies, and the technical assistance provided to local educational agencies on data collection, and will evalu-ate the need to upgrade or change the sys-tem and to provide additional support to help minimize the burden on local edu-cational agencies related to reporting data required for the annual State report card de-scribed in subsection (d)(1) and annual local educational agency report cards described in subsection (d)(2). 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A NNUAL STATE REPORT CARD .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives 
assistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate widely to the public an annual State report card for the State as a whole that meets the requirements of this para-graph. 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The State report card re-
quired under this paragraph shall be— 
‘‘(I) concise; ‘‘(II) presented in an understandable and 
uniform format and, to the extent prac-ticable, in a language that parents can un-derstand; and 
‘‘(III) widely accessible to the public, 
which shall include making the State report card, along with all local educational agency and school report cards required under para-graph (2), and the annual report to the Sec-retary under paragraph (5), available on a 
single webpage of the State educational agency’s website. 
‘‘(ii) E
NSURING PRIVACY .—No State report 
card required under this paragraph shall in-clude any personally identifiable informa-tion about any student. Each such report card shall be consistent with the privacy protections under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Each State 
report card required under this subsection shall include the following information: 
‘‘(i) A clear and concise description of the 
State’s accountability system under sub-section (b)(3), including the goals for all stu-dents and for each of the categories of stu-dents, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), the indicators used in the accountability system to evaluate school performance described in subsection (b)(3)(B), and the weights of the indicators used in the accountability system to evaluate school performance. 
‘‘(ii) For all students and disaggregated by 
each category of students described in sub-section (b)(2)(B)(xi), homeless status, and status as a child in foster care, except that such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a category is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would re-veal personally identifiable information about an individual student, information on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4703 July 7, 2015 
student achievement on the academic assess-
ments described in subsection (b)(2) at each level of achievement, as determined by the State under subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(iii) For all students and disaggregated by 
each category of students described in sub-section (b)(2)(B)(xi), the percentage of stu-dents assessed and not assessed. 
‘‘(iv) For all students and disaggregated by 
each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), except that such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a cat-egory is insufficient to yield statistically re-liable information or the results would re-veal personally identifiable information about an individual student— 
‘‘(I) information on the performance on the 
other academic indicator under subsection (b)(3)(B)(ii)(II)(aa) used by the State in the State accountability system; and 
‘‘(II) high school graduation rates, includ-
ing 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and, at the State’s discretion, extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates. 
‘‘(v) Information on indicators or measures 
of school quality, climate and safety, and discipline, including the rates of in-school suspensions, out-of-school suspensions, ex-pulsions, school-related arrests, referrals to law enforcement, chronic absenteeism (in-cluding both excused and unexcused ab-sences), and incidences of violence, including bullying and harassment, that the State edu-cational agency and each local educational agency in the State reported to the Civil Rights Data Collection biennial survey re-quired by the Office for Civil Rights of the Department that is the most recent to the date of the determination in the same man-ner that such information is presented on such survey. 
‘‘(vi) The minimum number of students 
that the State determines are necessary to be included in each of the categories of stu-dents, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), for use in the accountability system under sub-section (b)(3). 
‘‘(vii) The professional qualifications of 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders in the State, including information (that shall be presented in the aggregate and disaggregated by high-poverty compared to low-poverty schools which, for the purpose of this clause, means schools in each quartile based on school poverty level, and high–mi-nority and low–minority schools in the State) on the number, percentage, and dis-tribution of— 
‘‘(I) inexperienced teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders; 
‘‘(II) teachers teaching with emergency or 
provisional credentials; 
‘‘(III) teachers who are not teaching in the 
subject or field for which the teacher is cer-tified or licensed; 
‘‘(IV) teachers, principals, and other school 
leaders who are ineffective, as determined by the State, using the methods or criteria under subsection (c)(1)(G); and 
‘‘(V) the annual retention rates of effective 
and ineffective teachers, principals, and other school leaders, as determined by the State, using the methods or criteria under subsection (c)(1)(G). 
‘‘(viii) Information on the performance of 
local educational agencies and schools in the State, including the number and names of each school identified for intervention and support under section 1114. 
‘‘(ix) For a State that implements a teach-
er, principal, and other school leader evalua-tion system consistent with title II, the eval-uation results of teachers, principals, and other school leaders, except that such infor-mation shall not provide personally identifi-able information on individual teachers, principals, or other school leaders. ‘‘(x) The per-pupil expenditures of Federal, 
State, and local funds, including actual per-sonnel expenditures and actual nonpersonnel expenditures of Federal, State, and local funds, disaggregated by source of funds, for each local educational agency and each school in the State for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(xi) The number and percentages of stu-
dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities that take an alternate assess-ment under subsection (b)(2)(D), by grade and subject. 
‘‘(xii) Information on the acquisition of 
English language proficiency by students who are English learners. 
‘‘(xiii) Information on, including informa-
tion that the State educational agency and each local educational agency in the State reported to the Civil Rights Data Collection biennial survey required by the Office for Civil Rights of the Department that is the most recent to the date of the determination in the same manner that such information is presented on such survey on— 
‘‘(I) the number and percentage of— ‘‘(aa) students enrolled in gifted and tal-
ented programs; 
‘‘(bb) students enrolled in rigorous 
coursework to earn postsecondary credit while still in high school, such as Advanced Placement and International Baccalaureate courses and examinations, and dual or con-current enrollment and early college high schools; and 
‘‘(cc) children enrolled in preschool pro-
grams; 
‘‘(II) the average class size, by grade; and ‘‘(III) any other indicators determined by 
the State. 
‘‘(xiv) The number and percentage of stu-
dents attaining career and technical pro-ficiencies, as defined by section 113(b) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006 and reported by States only in a manner consistent with section 113(c) of that Act. 
‘‘(xv) Results on the National Assessment 
of Educational Progress in reading and mathematics in grades 4 and 8 for the State, compared to the national average. 
‘‘(xvi) Information on the percentage of 
students, including for each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), who did not meet the State goals established under subsection (b)(3)(B). 
‘‘(xvii) Information regarding the number 
of military-connected students (which, for purposes of this clause, shall mean students with parents who serve in the uniformed services, including the National Guard and 
Reserves), and information regarding the academic achievement of such students, ex-cept that such information shall not be used for school or local educational agency ac-countability purposes under sections 1111(b)(3) and 1114. 
‘‘(xviii) Any additional information that 
the State believes will best provide parents, students, and other members of the public with information regarding the progress of each of the State’s public elementary schools and secondary schools. 
‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in clause (v) or 
(xiii) of subparagraph (C) shall be construed as requiring a State to report any data that are not otherwise required or voluntarily submitted to the Civil Rights Data Collec-tion biennial survey required by the Office for Civil Rights of the Department. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONTINUATION OF SUBMISSION TO DE -
PARTMENT OF INFORMATION .—If, at any time 
after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, the Civil Rights Data Collection biennial survey is no longer conducted by the Office for Civil Rights of the Department, a State educational agency shall still include the information under 
clauses (v) and (xiii) of subparagraph (C) in the State report card under this paragraph in the same manner that such information is presented on such survey. 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY  
REPORT CARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(i) P REPARATION AND DISSEMINATION .—A 
local educational agency that receives as-sistance under this part shall prepare and disseminate an annual local educational agency report card that includes— 
‘‘(I) information on such agency as a 
whole; and 
‘‘(II) for each school served by the agency, 
a school report card that meets the require-ments of this paragraph. 
‘‘(ii) N
O PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFOR -
MATION .—No local educational agency report 
card required under this paragraph shall in-
clude any personally identifiable informa-tion about any student. 
‘‘(iii) C
ONSISTENT WITH FERPA .—Each local 
educational agency report card shall be con-sistent with the privacy protections under section 444 of the General Education Provi-sions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Pri-vacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Each local edu-
cational agency report card shall be— 
‘‘(i) concise; ‘‘(ii) presented in an understandable and 
uniform format, and to the extent prac-ticable, in a language that parents can un-derstand; and 
‘‘(iii) accessible to the public, which shall 
include— 
‘‘(I) placing such report card on the 
website of the local educational agency and on the website of each school served by the agency; and 
‘‘(II) in any case in which a local edu-
cational agency or school does not operate a website, providing the information to the public in another manner determined by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Each local 
educational agency report card required under this paragraph shall include— 
‘‘(i) the information described in paragraph 
(1)(C), disaggregated in the same manner as under paragraph (1)(C), except for clause (xv) of such paragraph, as applied to the local educational agency, and each school served by the local educational agency, including— 
‘‘(I) in the case of a local educational agen-
cy, information that shows how students served by the local educational agency achieved on the academic assessments de-scribed in subsection (b)(2) compared to stu-dents in the State as a whole; and 
‘‘(II) in the case of a school, information 
that shows how the school’s students’ achievement on the academic assessments described in subsection (b)(2) compared to students served by the local educational agency and the State as a whole; 
‘‘(ii) any information required by the State 
under paragraph (1)(C)(xviii); and 
‘‘(iii) any other information that the local 
educational agency determines is appro-priate and will best provide parents, stu-dents, and other members of the public with information regarding the progress of each public school served by the local educational agency, whether or not such information is included in the annual State report card. 
‘‘(D) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a local educational agency shall— 
‘‘(I) publicly disseminate the information 
described in this paragraph to all schools in the school district served by the local edu-cational agency and to all parents of stu-dents attending such schools; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4704 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(II) make the information widely avail-
able through public means, including through electronic means, including posting in an easily accessible manner on the local educational agency’s website, except in the case in which an agency does not operate a website, such agency shall determine how to make the information available, such as through distribution to the media, and dis-tribution through public agencies. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—If a local educational 
agency issues a report card for all students, the local educational agency may include the information described in this paragraph as part of such report. 
‘‘(3) P
REEXISTING REPORT CARDS .—A State 
educational agency or local educational agency that was providing public report cards on the performance of students, schools, local educational agencies, or the State prior to the date of enactment of the 
Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, may use such report cards for the purpose of dissemi-nating information under this subsection if the report card is modified, as may be need-ed, to contain the information required by this subsection. 
‘‘(4) C
OST REDUCTION .—Each State edu-
cational agency and local educational agen-cy receiving assistance under this part shall, wherever possible, take steps to reduce data collection costs and duplication of effort by obtaining the information required under this subsection through existing data collec-tion efforts. 
‘‘(5) A
NNUAL STATE REPORT TO THE SEC -
RETARY .—Each State educational agency re-
ceiving assistance under this part shall re-port annually to the Secretary, and make widely available within the State— 
‘‘(A) information on student achievement 
on the academic assessments described in subsection (b)(2) for all students and disaggregated by each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), including— 
‘‘(i) the percentage of students who 
achieved at each level of achievement the State has set in subsection (b)(1); 
‘‘(ii) the percentage of students who did 
not meet the State goals set in subsection (b)(3)(B); and 
‘‘(iii) if applicable, the percentage of stu-
dents making at least one year of academic growth over the school year, as determined by the State; 
‘‘(B) the percentage of students assessed 
and not assessed on the academic assess-ments described in subsection (b)(2) for all students and disaggregated by each category of students described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xi); 
‘‘(C) for all students and disaggregated by 
each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A)— 
‘‘(i) information on the performance on the 
other academic indicator under subsection (b)(3)(B)(ii)(II)(aa) used by the State in the State accountability system; 
‘‘(ii) high school graduation rates, includ-
ing 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and, at the State’s discretion, extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates; and 
‘‘(iii) information on each State-deter-
mined indicator of school quality, success, or student support under subsection (b)(3)(B)(ii)(IV) selected by the State in the State accountability system; 
‘‘(D) information on the acquisition of 
English language proficiency by students who are English learners; 
‘‘(E) the per-pupil expenditures of Federal, 
State, and local funds, including actual staff personnel expenditures and actual nonper-sonnel expenditures, disaggregated by source of funds for each school served by the agency for the preceding fiscal year; ‘‘(F) the number and percentage of stu-
dents with the most significant cognitive disabilities that take an alternate assess-ment under subsection (b)(2)(D), by grade and subject; 
‘‘(G) the number and names of the schools 
identified as in need of intervention and sup-port under section 1114, and the school inter-vention and support strategies developed and implemented by the local educational agen-cy under section 1114(b) to address the needs of students in each school; 
‘‘(H) the number of students and schools 
that participated in public school choice under section 1114(b)(4); 
‘‘(I) information on the quality and effec-
tiveness of teachers for each quartile of schools based on the school’s poverty level and high–minority and low–minority schools in the local educational agencies in the State, including the number, percentage, and distribution of— 
‘‘(i) inexperienced teachers; ‘‘(ii) teachers who are not teaching in the 
subject or field for which the teacher is cer-tified or licensed; and 
‘‘(iii) teachers who are not effective, as de-
termined by the State if the State has a statewide teacher, principal, or other school leader evaluation system; and 
‘‘(J) if the State has a statewide teacher, 
principal, or other school leader evaluation system, information on the results of such teacher, principal, or other school leader evaluation systems that does not reveal per-sonally identifiable information. 
‘‘(6) P
RESENTATION OF DATA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency or local educational agency shall only include in its annual report card de-scribed under paragraphs (1) and (2) data that are sufficient to yield statistically reli-able information, and that do not reveal per-sonally identifiable information about an in-dividual student, teacher, principal, or other school leader. 
‘‘(B) S
TUDENT PRIVACY .—In carrying out 
this subsection, student education records shall not be released without written con-sent consistent with section 444 of the Gen-eral Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(7) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall transmit annually to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that provides national- and State-level data on the information col-lected under paragraph (5). Such report shall 
be submitted through electronic means only. 
‘‘(8) S
ECRETARY ’S REPORT CARD .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than July 1, 
2017, and annually thereafter, the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall transmit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a national report card on the status of elementary and sec-ondary education in the United States. Such report shall— 
‘‘(i) analyze existing data from State re-
ports required under this Act, the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act, and the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006, and summarize major findings from such reports; 
‘‘(ii) analyze data from the National As-
sessment of Educational Progress and com-parable international assessments; 
‘‘(iii) identify trends in student achieve-
ment and high school graduation rates (in-cluding 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates), by analyzing and report-ing on the status and performance of stu-
dents, disaggregated by achievement level and by each of the categories of students, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), and by stu-dents in rural schools; 
‘‘(iv) analyze data on Federal, State, and 
local expenditures on education, including per-pupil spending, teacher salaries, school- level spending, and other financial data pub-licly available, and report on current trends and major findings; and 
‘‘(v) analyze information on the teaching, 
principal, and other school leader profes-sions, including education and training, re-tention and mobility, and effectiveness in improving student achievement. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—The information used 
to prepare the report described in subpara-graph (A) shall be derived from existing State and local reporting requirements and data sources. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as authorizing, requiring, or al-lowing any additional reporting require-ments, data elements, or information to be reported to the Secretary not otherwise ex-plicitly authorized by any other Federal law. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLIC RECOGNITION .—The Secretary 
may identify and publicly recognize States, local educational agencies, schools, pro-grams, and individuals for exemplary per-formance. 
‘‘(e) V
OLUNTARY PARTNERSHIPS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to prohibit a State from entering into a voluntary partnership with another State to develop and implement the academic assessments, challenging State academic standards, and accountability sys-tems required under this section. 
‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary shall be 
prohibited from requiring or coercing a State to enter into a voluntary partnership described in paragraph (1), including— 
‘‘(A) as a condition of approval of a State 
plan under this section; 
‘‘(B) as a condition of an award of Federal 
funds under any grant, contract, or coopera-tive agreement; 
‘‘(C) as a condition of approval of a waiver 
under section 9401; or 
‘‘(D) by providing any priority, preference, 
or special consideration during the applica-tion process under any grant, contract, or cooperative agreement. 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE WITHRESPECT TO BU-
REAU -FUNDED SCHOOLS .—In determining the 
assessments to be used by each school oper-ated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation of the Department of the Interior that receives funds under this part, the following shall apply: 
‘‘(1) Each such school that is accredited by 
the State in which it is operating shall use the assessments the State has developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this section, or such other appropriate as-sessment as approved by the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(2) Each such school that is accredited by 
a regional accrediting organization shall adopt an appropriate assessment in consulta-tion with, and with the approval of, the Sec-retary of the Interior and consistent with as-sessments adopted by other schools in the same State or region, that meets the re-quirements of this section. 
‘‘(3) Each such school that is accredited by 
a tribal accrediting agency or tribal division of education shall use an assessment devel-oped by such agency or division, except that the Secretary of the Interior shall ensure that such assessment meets the require-ments of this section. 
‘‘SEC. 1112. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY PLANS. 
‘‘(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) S UBGRANTS .—A local educational agen-
cy may receive a subgrant under this part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4705 July 7, 2015 
for any fiscal year only if such agency has on 
file with the State educational agency a plan, approved by the State educational agency, that— 
‘‘(A) is developed with timely and mean-
ingful consultation with teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, paraprofessionals (including organizations representing such individuals), administrators (including ad-ministrators of programs described in other parts of this title), and other appropriate school personnel, and with parents of chil-dren in schools served under this part; 
‘‘(B) satisfies the requirements of this sec-
tion; and 
‘‘(C) as appropriate, is coordinated with 
other programs under this Act, the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act, the Re-habilitation Act of 1973, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, the Head Start Act, the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990, the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002, the Education Technical Assistance Act, the Na-tional Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act, the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, and the Adult Edu-cation and Family Literacy Act. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSOLIDATED APPLICATION .—The plan 
may be submitted as part of a consolidated application under section 9305. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE REVIEW AND APPROVAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall be filed according to a schedule established by the State edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL .—The State educational 
agency shall approve a local educational agency’s plan only if the State educational agency determines that the local edu-cational agency’s plan meets the require-ments of this part and enables children served under this part to meet the chal-lenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(4) D
URATION .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall be submitted for the first year for which this part is in effect following the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 and shall remain in ef-fect for the duration of the agency’s partici-pation under this part. 
‘‘(5) R
EVIEW .—Each local educational agen-
cy shall periodically review and, as nec-essary, revise its plan to reflect changes in the local educational agency’s strategies and programs under this part. 
‘‘(6) R
ENEWAL .—A local educational agency 
that desires to continue participating in a program under this part shall submit a re-newed plan on a periodic basis, as deter-mined by the State. 
‘‘(b) P
LANPROVISIONS .—To ensure that all 
children receive a high-quality education that prepares them for postsecondary edu-cation or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remediation, and to close the achievement gap between children meeting the challenging State academic standards and those who are not, each local edu-cational agency plan shall describe— 
‘‘(1) how the local educational agency will 
work with each of the schools served by the agency so that students meet the chal-lenging State academic standards by— 
‘‘(A) developing and implementing a com-
prehensive program of instruction to meet the academic needs of all students; 
‘‘(B) identifying quickly and effectively 
students who may be at risk for academic failure; 
‘‘(C) providing additional educational as-
sistance to individual students determined as needing help in meeting the challenging State academic standards; ‘‘(D) identifying significant gaps in student 
academic achievement and graduation rates between each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), and devel-oping strategies to reduce such gaps in achievement and graduation rates; and 
‘‘(E) identifying and implementing evi-
dence-based methods and instructional strat-egies intended to strengthen the academic program of the school and improve school climate; 
‘‘(2) how the local educational agency will 
monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of school programs in improving student aca-demic achievement and academic growth, if applicable, especially for students not meet-ing the challenging State academic stand-ards; 
‘‘(3) how the local educational agency 
will— 
‘‘(A) ensure that all teachers and para-
professionals working in a program sup-ported with funds under this part meet appli-cable State certification and licensure re-quirements, including alternative certifi-cation requirements; and 
‘‘(B) identify and address, as required 
under State plans as described in section 1111(c)(1)(F), any disparities that result in low-income students and minority students being taught at higher rates than other stu-dents by ineffective, inexperienced, and out- of-field teachers; 
‘‘(4) the actions the local educational agen-
cy will take to assist schools identified as in need of intervention and support under sec-tion 1114, including the lowest-performing schools in the local educational agency, and schools identified for other reasons, includ-ing schools with categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), not meeting the goals described in section 1111(b)(3)(B), to improve student academic achievement, the funds used to conduct such actions, and how such agency will monitor such actions; 
‘‘(5) the poverty criteria that will be used 
to select school attendance areas under sec-tion 1113; 
‘‘(6) the programs to be conducted by such 
agency’s schools under section 1113 and, where appropriate, educational services out-side such schools for children living in local institutions for neglected or delinquent chil-dren, and for neglected and delinquent chil-dren in community day school programs; 
‘‘(7) the services the local educational 
agency will provide homeless children, in-cluding services provided with funds reserved under section 1113(a)(4)(A)(i); 
‘‘(8) the strategy the local educational 
agency will use to implement effective par-
ent and family engagement under section 1115; 
‘‘(9) if applicable, how the local edu-
cational agency will coordinate and inte-grate services provided under this part with preschool educational services at the local educational agency or individual school level, such as Head Start programs, the lit-eracy program under part D of title II, State- funded preschool programs, and other com-munity-based early childhood education pro-grams, including plans for the transition of participants in such programs to local ele-mentary school programs; 
‘‘(10) how the local educational agency will 
coordinate programs and integrate services under this part with other Federal, State, tribal, and local services and programs, in-cluding programs supported under this Act, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Rehabilita-tion Act of 1973, the Head Start Act, the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990, the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, and the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002, violence preven-
tion programs, nutrition programs, and housing programs; 
‘‘(11) how teachers and school leaders, in 
consultation with parents, administrators, paraprofessionals, and specialized instruc-tional support personnel, in schools oper-ating a targeted assistance school program under section 1113, will identify the eligible children most in need of services under this part; 
‘‘(12) in the case of a local educational 
agency that proposes to use funds under this 
part to support a multi-tiered system of sup-ports, positive behavioral interventions and supports, or early intervening services, how the local educational agency will provide such activities and services and coordinate them with similar activities and services carried out under the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act in schools served by the local educational agency, including by providing technical assistance, training, and evaluation of the activities and services; 
‘‘(13) how the local educational agency will 
provide opportunities for the enrollment, at-tendance, and success of homeless children and youths consistent with the requirements of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act and the services the local educational agency will provide homeless children and youths; 
‘‘(14) how the local educational agency will 
implement strategies to facilitate effective transitions for students from middle school to high school and from high school to post-secondary education, including— 
‘‘(A) if applicable, through coordination 
with institutions of higher education, em-ployers, and other local partners to seamlessly transition students from high school into postsecondary education or ca-reers without remediation; and 
‘‘(B) a description of the specific transition 
activities the local educational agency will take, such as providing students with access to dual or concurrent enrollment opportuni-ties that enable students during high school to earn postsecondary credit or an industry- recognized credential that meets any quality standards required by the State or utilizing comprehensive career counseling to identify student interests and skills; 
‘‘(15) how the local educational agency will 
address school discipline issues, which may include identifying and supporting schools with significant discipline disparities, or high rates of discipline, disaggregated by each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), including by pro-viding technical assistance on effective strategies to reduce such disparities and high rates; 
‘‘(16) how the local educational agency will 
address school climate issues, which may in-clude identifying and improving performance on school climate indicators related to stu-dent achievement and providing technical assistance to schools; 
‘‘(17) how the local educational agency will 
provide opportunities for the enrollment, at-tendance, and success of expectant and par-enting students and the services the local educational agency will provide expectant and parenting students; 
‘‘(18) if determined appropriate by the local 
educational agency, how such agency will support programs that promote integrated academic and career and technical education content through coordinated instructional strategies, that may incorporate experien-tial learning opportunities; and 
‘‘(19) any other information on how the 
local educational agency proposes to use funds to meet the purposes of this part, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4706 July 7, 2015 
that the local educational agency deter-
mines appropriate to provide, which may in-clude how the local educational agency will— 
‘‘(A) assist schools in identifying and serv-
ing gifted and talented students; and 
‘‘(B) encourage the offering of a variety of 
well-rounded education experiences to stu-dents. 
‘‘(c) A
SSURANCES .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall provide assurances that the local educational agency will— 
‘‘(1) ensure that migratory children and 
formerly migratory children who are eligible to receive services under this part are se-lected to receive such services on the same basis as other children who are selected to receive services under this part; 
‘‘(2) provide services to eligible children at-
tending private elementary schools and sec-ondary schools in accordance with section 1116, and timely and meaningful consultation with private school officials regarding such services; 
‘‘(3) participate, if selected, in the National 
Assessment of Educational Progress in read-ing and mathematics in grades 4 and 8 car-ried out under section 303(b)(3) of the Na-tional Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act; 
‘‘(4) coordinate and integrate services pro-
vided under this part with other educational services at the local educational agency or individual school level, such as services for English learners, children with disabilities, migratory children, American Indian, Alas-ka Native, and Native Hawaiian children, and homeless children, in order to increase program effectiveness, eliminate duplica-tion, and reduce fragmentation of the in-structional program; 
‘‘(5) collaborate with the State or local 
child welfare agency and, by not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the 
Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, develop and implement clear written procedures gov-erning how transportation to maintain chil-dren in foster care in their school of origin when in their best interest will be provided, arranged, and funded for the duration of the time in foster care, which procedures shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that children in foster care 
needing transportation to the school of ori-gin will promptly receive transportation in a cost-effective manner and in accordance with section 475(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 675(4)(A)); and 
‘‘(B) ensure that, if there are additional 
costs incurred in providing transportation to maintain children in foster care in their schools of origin, the local educational agen-cy will provide transportation to the school of origin if— 
‘‘(i) the local child welfare agency agrees 
to reimburse the local educational agency for the cost of such transportation; 
‘‘(ii) the local educational agency agrees to 
pay for the cost of such transportation; or 
‘‘(iii) the local educational agency and the 
local child welfare agency agree to share the cost of such transportation; and 
‘‘(6) designate a point of contact if the cor-
responding child welfare agency notifies the local educational agency, in writing, that the agency has designated an employee to serve as a point of contact for the local edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(d) P
ARENTS RIGHT-TO-KNOW .— 
‘‘(1) T EACHER QUALIFICATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—At the beginning of each 
school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part that the parents may request, and the agency will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding the professional qualifications of the student’s classroom teachers, including at a minimum, 
the following: 
‘‘(i) Whether the teacher has met State 
qualification and licensing criteria for the grade levels and subject areas in which the teacher provides instruction. 
‘‘(ii) Whether the teacher is teaching under 
emergency or other provisional status through which State qualification or licens-ing criteria have been waived. 
‘‘(iii) The field of discipline of the certifi-
cation of the teacher. 
‘‘(iv) Whether the child is provided services 
by paraprofessionals and, if so, their quali-fications. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—In addition 
to the information that parents may request under subparagraph (A), a school that re-ceives funds under this part shall provide to each individual parent of a child who is a student in such school, with respect to such student— 
‘‘(i) information on the level of achieve-
ment and academic growth of the student, if applicable and available, on each of the State academic assessments required under this part; and 
‘‘(ii) timely notice that the student has 
been assigned, or has been taught for 4 or more consecutive weeks by, a teacher who does not meet applicable State certification or licensure requirements at the grade level and subject area in which the teacher has been assigned. 
‘‘(2) L
ANGUAGE INSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(A) N OTICE .—Each local educational agen-
cy using funds under this part or title III to provide a language instruction educational program as determined under title III shall, not later than 30 days after the beginning of the school year, inform a parent or parents of a child who is an English learner identi-fied for participation or participating in such a program, of— 
‘‘(i) the reasons for the identification of 
their child as an English learner and in need of placement in a language instruction edu-cational program; 
‘‘(ii) the child’s level of English pro-
ficiency, how such level was assessed, and the status of the child’s academic achieve-ment; 
‘‘(iii) the methods of instruction used in 
the program in which their child is, or will be, participating and the methods of instruc-tion used in other available programs, in-cluding how such programs differ in content, instructional goals, and the use of English and a native language in instruction; 
‘‘(iv) how the program in which their child 
is, or will be, participating will meet the 
educational strengths and needs of their child; 
‘‘(v) how such program will specifically 
help their child learn English and meet age- appropriate academic achievement standards for grade promotion and graduation; 
‘‘(vi) the specific exit requirements for the 
program, including the expected rate of tran-sition from such program into classrooms that are not tailored for children who are English learners, and the expected rate of graduation from high school (including 4- year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates for such program) if funds under this part are used for children in high schools; 
‘‘(vii) in the case of a child with a dis-
ability, how such program meets the objec-tives of the individualized education pro-gram of the child, as described in section 614(d) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; and 
‘‘(viii) information pertaining to parental 
rights that includes written guidance— 
‘‘(I) detailing the right that parents have 
to have their child immediately removed from such program upon their request; ‘‘(II) detailing the options that parents 
have to decline to enroll their child in such program or to choose another program or method of instruction, if available; and 
‘‘(III) assisting parents in selecting among 
various programs and methods of instruc-tion, if more than 1 program or method is of-fered by the eligible entity. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE APPLICABLE DURING THE  
SCHOOL YEAR .—For those children who have 
not been identified as English learners prior to the beginning of the school year but are identified as English learners during such school year, the local educational agency shall notify the children’s parents during the first 2 weeks of the child being placed in a language instruction educational program consistent with subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(C) P
ARENTAL PARTICIPATION .—Each local 
educational agency receiving funds under this part and title III shall implement an ef-fective means of outreach to parents of chil-dren who are English learners to inform the parents how the parents can be involved in the education of their children, and be active participants in assisting their children to at-tain English proficiency, achieve at high lev-els in core academic subjects, and meet the challenging State academic standards ex-
pected of all students, including holding, and sending notice of opportunities for, regular meetings for the purpose of formulating and responding to recommendations from par-ents of students assisted under this part and title III. 
‘‘(D) B
ASIS FOR ADMISSION OR EXCLUSION .—A 
student shall not be admitted to, or excluded from, any federally assisted education pro-gram on the basis of a surname or language- minority status. 
‘‘(3) N
OTICE AND FORMAT .—The notice and 
information provided to parents under this subsection shall be in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent prac-ticable, provided in a language that the par-ents can understand. 
‘‘SEC. 1113. ELIGIBLE SCHOOL ATTENDANCE 
AREAS; SCHOOLWIDE PROGRAMS; TARGETED ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) E LIGIBLE SCHOOL ATTENDANCE  
AREAS .— 
‘‘(1) D ETERMINATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency shall use funds received under this part only in eligible school attendance areas. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE SCHOOL ATTENDANCE AREAS .— 
In this part— 
‘‘(i) the term ‘school attendance area’ 
means, in relation to a particular school, the geographical area in which the children who are normally served by that school reside; and 
‘‘(ii) the term ‘eligible school attendance 
area’ means a school attendance area in which the percentage of children from low- income families is at least as high as the per-centage of children from low-income families served by the local educational agency as a whole. 
‘‘(C) R
ANKING ORDER .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), if funds allocated in accordance with paragraph (3) are insufficient to serve all eligible school attendance areas, a local educational agency shall— 
‘‘(I) annually rank, without regard to 
grade spans, such agency’s eligible school at-tendance areas in which the concentration of children from low-income families exceeds 75 percent, or exceeds 50 percent in the case of the high schools served by such agency, from highest to lowest according to the percent-age of children from low-income families; and 
‘‘(II) serve such eligible school attendance 
areas in rank order. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4707 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(ii) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subparagraph shall be construed as re-quiring a local educational agency to reduce, in order to comply with clause (i), the amount of funding provided under this part to elementary schools and middle schools from the amount of funding provided under this part to such schools for the fiscal year preceding the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 in order to provide funding under this part to high schools pur-suant to clause (i). 
‘‘(D) R
EMAINING FUNDS .—If funds remain 
after serving all eligible school attendance areas under subparagraph (C), a local edu-cational agency shall— 
‘‘(i) annually rank such agency’s remain-
ing eligible school attendance areas from highest to lowest either by grade span or for the entire local educational agency accord-ing to the percentage of children from low- income families; and 
‘‘(ii) serve such eligible school attendance 
areas in rank order either within each grade- span grouping or within the local edu-cational agency as a whole. 
‘‘(E) M
EASURES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a local educational agency shall use the same measure of poverty, which measure shall be the number of children aged 5 through 17 in poverty counted in the most recent census data approved by the Sec-retary, the number of children eligible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act, the number of children in families receiving assistance under the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act, or the number of children eligible to receive medical assistance under the Med-icaid program established under title XIX of the Social Security Act, or a composite of such indicators, with respect to all school at-tendance areas in the local educational agen-cy— 
‘‘(I) to identify eligible school attendance 
areas; 
‘‘(II) to determine the ranking of each 
area; and 
‘‘(III) to determine allocations under para-
graph (3). 
‘‘(ii) S
ECONDARY SCHOOLS .—For measuring 
the number of students in low-income fami-lies in secondary schools, the local edu-cational agency shall use the same measure of poverty, which shall be— 
‘‘(I) the calculation described under clause 
(i); or 
‘‘(II) an accurate estimate of the number of 
students in low-income families in a sec-
ondary school that is calculated by applying the average percentage of students in low-in-come families of the elementary school at-tendance areas as calculated under clause (i) that feed into the secondary school to the number of students enrolled in such school. 
‘‘(F) E
XCEPTION .—This subsection shall not 
apply to a local educational agency with a total enrollment of less than 1,000 children. 
‘‘(G) W
AIVER FOR DESEGREGATION PLANS .— 
The Secretary may approve a local edu-cational agency’s written request for a waiv-er of the requirements of this paragraph and paragraph (3) and permit such agency to treat as eligible, and serve, any school that children attend with a State-ordered, court- ordered school desegregation plan or a plan that continues to be implemented in accord-ance with a State-ordered or court-ordered desegregation plan, if— 
‘‘(i) the number of economically disadvan-
taged children enrolled in the school is at least 25 percent of the school’s total enroll-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines, on the basis 
of a written request from such agency and in accordance with such criteria as the Sec-retary establishes, that approval of that re-
quest would further the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DISCRE -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1)(B), a local educational agency may— 
‘‘(i) designate as eligible any school at-
tendance area or school in which at least 35 percent of the children are from low-income families; 
‘‘(ii) use funds received under this part in 
a school that is not in an eligible school at-tendance area, if the percentage of children from low-income families enrolled in the school is equal to or greater than the per-centage of such children in a participating school attendance area of such agency; 
‘‘(iii) designate and serve a school attend-
ance area or school that is not eligible under this section, but that was eligible and that 
was served in the preceding fiscal year, but only for 1 additional fiscal year; and 
‘‘(iv) elect not to serve an eligible school 
attendance area or eligible school that has a higher percentage of children from low-in-come families if— 
‘‘(I) the school meets the comparability re-
quirements of section 1117(c); 
‘‘(II) the school is receiving supplemental 
funds from other State or local sources that are spent according to the requirements of this section; and 
‘‘(III) the funds expended from such other 
sources equal or exceed the amount that would be provided under this part. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A)(iv), the number of children at-tending private elementary schools and sec-ondary schools who are to receive services, and the assistance such children are to re-ceive under this part, shall be determined without regard to whether the public school attendance area in which such children re-side is assisted under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(3) A
LLOCATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency shall allocate funds received under this part to eligible school attendance areas or eligible schools, identified under para-graphs (1) and (2) in rank order, on the basis of the total number of children from low-in-come families in each area or school. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), the per-pupil amount of funds al-located to each school attendance area or school under subparagraph (A) shall be at least 125 percent of the per-pupil amount of funds a local educational agency received for that year under the poverty criteria de-scribed by the local educational agency in the plan submitted under section 1112, except that this clause shall not apply to a local educational agency that only serves schools in which the percentage of such children is 35 percent or greater. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—A local educational agen-
cy may reduce the amount of funds allocated under clause (i) for a school attendance area or school by the amount of any supplemental State and local funds expended in that school attendance area or school for pro-grams that meet the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(4) R
ESERVATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency shall reserve such funds as are nec-essary under this part to provide services comparable to those provided to children in schools funded under this part to serve— 
‘‘(i) homeless children, including providing 
educationally related support services to children in shelters and other locations where children may live; 
‘‘(ii) children in local institutions for ne-
glected children; and ‘‘(iii) if appropriate, children in local insti-
tutions for delinquent children, and ne-glected or delinquent children in community day programs. 
‘‘(B) H
OMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTH .— 
Funds reserved under subparagraph (A)(i) may be— 
‘‘(i) determined based on a needs assess-
ment of homeless children and youths in the local educational agency, as conducted under section 723(b)(1) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act; and 
‘‘(ii) used to provide homeless children and 
youths with services not ordinarily provided to other students under this part, including providing— 
‘‘(I) funding for the liaison designated pur-
suant to section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii) of such Act; and 
‘‘(II) transportation pursuant to section 
722(g)(1)(J)(iii) of such Act. 
‘‘(5) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION .—A local 
educational agency may reserve funds made available to carry out this section to provide early childhood education programs for eligi-ble children. 
‘‘(b) S
CHOOLWIDE PROGRAMS AND TARGETED  
ASSISTANCE SCHOOLS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For each school that will 
receive funds under this part, the local edu-cational agency shall determine whether the school shall operate a schoolwide program consistent with subsection (c) or a targeted assistance school program consistent with subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT .—The determina-
tion under paragraph (1) shall be— 
‘‘(A) based on a comprehensive needs as-
sessment of the entire school that takes into account information on the academic achievement of children in relation to the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1), particularly the needs of those children who are failing, or are at-risk of failing, to meet the challenging State aca-
demic standards and any other factors as de-termined by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(B) conducted with the participation of 
individuals who would carry out the schoolwide plan, including those individuals under subsection (c)(2)(B). 
‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION .—The needs assessment 
under paragraph (2) may be undertaken as part of other related needs assessments under this Act. 
‘‘(c) S
CHOOLWIDE PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBILITY .—A local educational 
agency may consolidate and use funds under this part, together with other Federal, State, and local funds, in order to upgrade the en-tire educational program of a school that serves an eligible school attendance area in which not less than 40 percent of the chil-dren are from low-income families, or not less than 40 percent of the children enrolled in the school are from such families. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—A school that serves an 
eligible school attendance area in which less than 40 percent of the children are from low- income families, or a school for which less than 40 percent of the children enrolled in the school are from such families, may oper-ate a schoolwide program under this section if— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agency in which 
the school is located allows such school to do so; and 
‘‘(ii) the results of the comprehensive 
needs assessment conducted under sub-section (b)(2) determine a schoolwide pro-gram will best serve the needs of the stu-dents in the school served under this part in improving academic achievement and other factors. 
‘‘(2) S
CHOOLWIDE PROGRAM PLAN .—An eligi-
ble school operating a schoolwide program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4708 July 7, 2015 
shall develop a comprehensive plan, in con-
sultation with the local educational agency, tribes and tribal organizations present in the community, and other individuals as deter-mined by the school, that— 
‘‘(A) is developed during a 1-year period, 
unless— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agency deter-
mines in consultation with the school that less time is needed to develop and implement the schoolwide program; or 
‘‘(ii) the school is operating a schoolwide 
program on the day before the date of enact-ment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, in which case such school may continue to operate such program, but shall develop amendments to its existing plan during the first year of assistance after that date to re-flect the provisions of this section; 
‘‘(B) is developed with the involvement of 
parents and other members of the commu-nity to be served and individuals who will carry out such plan, including teachers, prin-cipals, other school leaders, paraprofes-sionals present in the school, and adminis-trators (including administrators of pro-grams described in other parts of this title), and, if appropriate, specialized instructional support personnel, technical assistance pro-viders, school staff, and students; 
‘‘(C) remains in effect for the duration of 
the school’s participation under this part, except that the plan and the implementation of, and results achieved by, the schoolwide program shall be regularly monitored and re-vised as necessary to ensure that students are meeting the challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(D) is available to the local educational 
agency, parents, and the public, and the in-formation contained in such plan shall be in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a lan-guage that the parents can understand; 
‘‘(E) if appropriate and applicable, devel-
oped in coordination and integration with other Federal, State, and local services, re-sources, and programs, such as programs supported under this Act, violence preven-tion programs, nutrition programs, housing programs, Head Start programs, adult edu-cation programs, career and technical edu-cation programs, and interventions and sup-ports for schools identified as in need of intervention and support under section 1114; and 
‘‘(F) includes a description of— ‘‘(i) the results of the comprehensive needs 
assessments of the entire school required under subsection (b)(2); 
‘‘(ii) the strategies that the school will be 
implementing to address school needs, in-cluding a description of how such strategies will— 
‘‘(I) provide opportunities for all children, 
including each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), to meet the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(II) use evidence-based methods and in-
structional strategies that strengthen the academic program in the school, increase the amount and quality of learning time, and help provide an enriched and accelerated curriculum; 
‘‘(III) address the needs of all children in 
the school, but particularly the needs of those at risk of not meeting the challenging State academic standards, which may in-clude— 
‘‘(aa) counseling, specialized instructional 
support services, and mentoring services; 
‘‘(bb) preparation for and awareness of op-
portunities for postsecondary education and the workforce, including career and tech-nical education programs, which may in-clude broadening secondary school students’ access to coursework to earn postsecondary credit while still in high school, such as Ad-
vanced Placement and International Bacca-laureate courses and examinations, and dual or concurrent enrollment and early college high schools; 
‘‘(cc) implementation of a schoolwide 
multi-tiered system of supports, including positive behavioral interventions and sup-ports and early intervening services, includ-ing through coordination with such activi-ties and services carried out under the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act; 
‘‘(dd) implementation of supports for 
teachers and other school personnel, which may include professional development and other activities to improve instruction, ac-tivities to recruit and retain effective teach-ers, particularly in high-need schools, and using data from academic assessments under section 1111(b)(2) and other formative and summative assessments to improve instruc-tion; 
‘‘(ee) programs, activities, and courses in 
the core academic subjects to assist children in meeting the challenging State academic standards; and 
‘‘(ff) other strategies to improve student’s 
academic and nonacademic skills essential for success; and 
‘‘(IV) be monitored and improved over time 
based on student needs, including increased supports for those students who are lowest- achieving; 
‘‘(iii) if programs are consolidated, the spe-
cific State educational agency and local edu-cational agency programs and other Federal programs that will be consolidated in the schoolwide program; and 
‘‘(iv) if appropriate, how funds will be used 
to establish or enhance early childhood edu-cation programs for children who are aged 5 or younger, including how programs will help transition such children to local ele-mentary school programs. 
‘‘(3) I
DENTIFICATION OF STUDENTS NOT RE -
QUIRED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—No school participating 
in a schoolwide program shall be required to identify— 
‘‘(i) particular children under this part as 
eligible to participate in a schoolwide pro-gram; or 
‘‘(ii) individual services as supplementary. ‘‘(B) S
UPPLEMENTAL FUNDS .—In accordance 
with the method of determination described in section 1117, a school participating in a schoolwide program shall use funds available to carry out this paragraph only to supple-ment the amount of funds that would, in the absence of funds under this part, be made available from non-Federal sources for the 
school, including funds needed to provide services that are required by law for children with disabilities and children who are English learners. 
‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION FROM STATUTORY AND REGU -
LATORY REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) E XEMPTION .—The Secretary may, 
through publication of a notice in the Fed-eral Register, exempt schoolwide programs under this section from statutory or regu-latory provisions of any other noncompeti-tive formula grant program administered by the Secretary (other than formula or discre-tionary grant programs under the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act, except as provided in section 613(a)(2)(D) of such Act), or any discretionary grant program ad-ministered by the Secretary, to support schoolwide programs if the intent and pur-poses of such other programs are met. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A school that choos-
es to use funds from such other programs shall not be relieved of the requirements re-lating to health, safety, civil rights, student and parental participation and involvement, services to private school children, com-parability of services, maintenance of effort, uses of Federal funds to supplement, not sup-
plant non-Federal funds (in accordance with the method of determination described in section 1117), or the distribution of funds to State educational agencies or local edu-cational agencies that apply to the receipt of funds from such programs. 
‘‘(C) R
ECORDS .—A school that chooses to 
consolidate and use funds from different Fed-eral programs under this paragraph shall not be required to maintain separate fiscal ac-counting records, by program, that identify the specific activities supported by those particular funds as long as the school main-tains records that demonstrate that the schoolwide program, considered as a whole, addresses the intent and purposes of each of the Federal programs that were consolidated to support the schoolwide program. 
‘‘(5) P
RESCHOOL PROGRAMS .—A school that 
operates a schoolwide program under this subsection may use funds made available under this part to establish, expand, or en-hance preschool programs for children aged 5 or younger. 
‘‘(d) T
ARGETED ASSISTANCE SCHOOL PRO-
GRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each school selected to 
receive funds under subsection (a)(3) for which the local educational agency serving such school, based on the results of the com-prehensive needs assessment conducted under subsection (b)(2), determines that the school will operate a targeted assistance school program, may use funds received under this part only for programs that pro-vide services to eligible children under para-graph (3)(A)(ii) who are identified as having the greatest need for special assistance. 
‘‘(2) T
ARGETED ASSISTANCE SCHOOL PRO -
GRAM .—Each school operating a targeted as-
sistance school program shall develop a plan, in consultation with the local educational agency and other individuals as determined by the school, that includes— 
‘‘(A) a description of the results of the 
comprehensive needs assessments of the en-tire school required under subsection (b)(2); 
‘‘(B) a description of the process for deter-
mining which students will be served and the students to be served; 
‘‘(C) a description of how the activities 
supported under this part will be coordinated 
with and incorporated into the regular edu-cation program of the school; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the program will 
serve participating students identified under paragraph (3)(A)(ii), including by— 
‘‘(i) using resources under this part, such 
as support for programs, activities, and courses in core academic subjects to help participating children meet the challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(ii) using methods and instructional 
strategies that are evidence-based to strengthen the core academic program of the school and that may include— 
‘‘(I) expanded learning time, before- and 
after-school programs, and summer pro-grams and opportunities; or 
‘‘(II) a multi-tiered system of supports, 
positive behavioral interventions and sup-ports, and early intervening services; 
‘‘(iii) coordinating with and supporting the 
regular education program, which may in-clude services to assist preschool children in the transition from early childhood edu-cation programs such as Head Start, the lit-eracy program under part D of title II, or State-run preschool programs to elementary school programs; 
‘‘(iv) supporting effective teachers, prin-
cipals, other school leaders, paraprofes-sionals, and, if appropriate, specialized in-structional support personnel, and other school personnel who work with partici-pating children in programs under this sub-section or in the regular education program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4709 July 7, 2015 
with resources provided under this part, and, 
to the extent practicable, from other sources, through professional development; 
‘‘(v) implementing strategies to increase 
parental involvement of parents of partici-pating children in accordance with section 1115; and 
‘‘(vi) if applicable, coordinating and inte-
grating Federal, State, and local services and programs, such as programs supported under this Act, violence prevention pro-grams, nutrition programs, housing pro-grams, Head Start programs, adult education programs, career and technical education, and intervention and supports in schools identified as in need of intervention and sup-port under section 1114; and 
‘‘(E) assurances that the school will— ‘‘(i) help provide an accelerated, high-qual-
ity curriculum; 
‘‘(ii) minimize removing children from the 
regular classroom during regular school hours for instruction provided under this part; and 
‘‘(iii) on an ongoing basis, review the 
progress of participating children and revise the plan under this section, if necessary, to provide additional assistance to enable such children to meet the challenging State aca-demic standards. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE CHILDREN .— 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBLE POPULATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The eligible population 
for services under this subsection shall be— 
‘‘(I) children not older than age 21 who are 
entitled to a free public education through grade 12; and 
‘‘(II) children who are not yet at a grade 
level at which the local educational agency provides a free public education. 
‘‘(ii) E
LIGIBLE CHILDREN FROM ELIGIBLE POP -
ULATION .—From the population described in 
clause (i), eligible children are children iden-tified by the school as failing, or most at risk of failing, to meet the challenging State academic standards on the basis of multiple, educationally related, objective criteria es-tablished by the local educational agency and supplemented by the school, except that children from preschool through grade 2 shall be selected solely on the basis of cri-teria, including objective criteria, estab-lished by the local educational agency and supplemented by the school. 
‘‘(B) C
HILDREN INCLUDED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Children who are eco-
nomically disadvantaged, children with dis-abilities, migrant children, or children who are English learners, are eligible for services under this subsection on the same basis as other children selected to receive services 
under this subsection. 
‘‘(ii) H
EAD START AND PRESCHOOL CHIL -
DREN .—A child who, at any time in the 2 
years preceding the year for which the deter-mination is made, participated in a Head Start program, the literacy program under part D of title II, or in preschool services under this title, is eligible for services under this subsection. 
‘‘(iii) M
IGRANT CHILDREN .—A child who, at 
any time in the 2 years preceding the year for which the determination is made, re-ceived services under part C is eligible for services under this subsection. 
‘‘(iv) N
EGLECTED OR DELINQUENT CHIL -
DREN .—A child in a local institution for ne-
glected or delinquent children and youth or attending a community day program for such children is eligible for services under this subsection. 
‘‘(v) H
OMELESS CHILDREN .—A child who is 
homeless and attending any school served by the local educational agency is eligible for services under this subsection. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE .—Funds received under 
this subsection may not be used to provide services that are otherwise required by law to be made available to children described in 
subparagraph (B) but may be used to coordi-nate or supplement such services. 
‘‘(4) I
NTEGRATION OF PROFESSIONAL DEVEL -
OPMENT .—To promote the integration of staff 
supported with funds under this subsection into the regular school program and overall school planning and improvement efforts, public school personnel who are paid with funds received under this subsection may— 
‘‘(A) participate in general professional de-
velopment and school planning activities; and 
‘‘(B) assume limited duties that are as-
signed to similar personnel who are not so paid, including duties beyond classroom in-struction or that do not benefit participating children, so long as the amount of time spent on such duties is the same proportion of total work time as prevails with respect to similar personnel at the same school. 
‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(A) S IMULTANEOUS SERVICE .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to prohibit a school from serving students under this subsection simultaneously with students with similar educational needs, in the same educational settings where appropriate. 
‘‘(B) C
OMPREHENSIVE SERVICES .—If health, 
nutrition, and other social services are not otherwise available to eligible children in a 
school operating a targeted assistance school program and such school, if appropriate, has established a collaborative partnership with local service providers and funds are not rea-sonably available from other public or pri-vate sources to provide such services, then a portion of the funds provided under this sub-section may be used to provide such services, including through— 
‘‘(i) the provision of basic medical equip-
ment and services, such as eyeglasses and hearing aids; 
‘‘(ii) compensation of a coordinator; ‘‘(iii) family support and engagement serv-
ices; 
‘‘(iv) health care services and integrated 
student supports to address the physical, mental, and emotional well-being of chil-dren; and 
‘‘(v) professional development necessary to 
assist teachers, specialized instructional support personnel, other staff, and parents in identifying and meeting the comprehensive needs of eligible children. 
‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Fed-eral Government to require a local edu-cational agency or school to submit the re-sults of a comprehensive needs assessment under subsection (b)(2) or a plan under sub-section (c) or (d) for review or approval by the Secretary. 
‘‘SEC. 1114. SCHOOL IDENTIFICATION, INTERVEN-
TIONS, AND SUPPORTS. 
‘‘(a) S TATE REVIEW AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency receiving funds under this part shall use the system designed by the State under section 1111(b)(3) to annually— 
‘‘(A) identify the public schools that re-
ceive funds under this part and are in need of intervention and support using the method established by the State in section 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii); 
‘‘(B) require for inclusion— ‘‘(i) on each local educational agency re-
port card required under section 1111(d), the names of schools served by the agency iden-tified under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) on each school report card required 
under section 1111(d), whether the school was identified under subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(C) ensure that all public schools that re-
ceive funds under this part and are identified as in need of intervention and support under subparagraph (A), implement an evidence- based intervention or support strategy de-
signed by the State or local educational agency described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (b)(3); 
‘‘(D) prioritize intervention and supports 
in the identified schools most in need of intervention and support, as determined by the State, using the results of the account-ability system under 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii); and 
‘‘(E) monitor and evaluate the implemen-
tation of school intervention and support strategies by local educational agencies, in-cluding in the lowest-performing elementary schools and secondary schools in the State, and use the results of the evaluation to take appropriate steps to change or improve interventions or support strategies as nec-essary. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DISCRE -
TION.—Notwithstanding paragraph (1)(A), a 
State educational agency may— 
‘‘(A) identify any middle school or high 
school as in need of intervention and support if at least 40 percent of the children served by such school are from low-income families (as measured under section 1113(a)(1)(E)(ii)); and 
‘‘(B) use funds provided under subsection 
(c) to assist such school consistent with such subsection. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RESPON -
SIBILITIES .—The State educational agency 
shall— 
‘‘(A) make technical assistance available 
to local educational agencies that serve schools identified as in need of intervention and support under paragraph (1)(A); 
‘‘(B) if the State educational agency deter-
mines that a local educational agency failed to carry out its responsibilities under this section, take such actions as the State edu-cational agency determines to be appro-priate and in compliance with State law to assist the local educational agency and en-sure that such local educational agency is carrying out its responsibilities; 
‘‘(C) inform local educational agencies of 
schools identified as in need of intervention and support under paragraph (1)(A) in a timely and easily accessible manner that is before the beginning of the school year; and 
‘‘(D) publicize and disseminate to the pub-
lic, including teachers, principals and other school leaders, and parents, the results of the State review under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REVIEW  
ANDRESPONSIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency with a school identified as in need of intervention and support under subsection (a)(1)(A) shall, in consultation with teachers, principals and other school leaders, school personnel, parents, and community mem-bers— 
‘‘(A) conduct a review of such school, in-
cluding by examining the indicators and measures included in the State-determined accountability system described in section 1111(b)(3)(B) to determine the factors that led to such identification; 
‘‘(B) conduct a review of the agency’s poli-
cies, procedures, personnel decisions, and budgetary decisions, including the measures on the local educational agency and school report cards under section 1111(d) that im-pact the school and could have contributed to the identification of the school; 
‘‘(C) develop and implement appropriate 
intervention and support strategies, as de-scribed in paragraph (3), that are propor-tional to the identified needs of the school, for assisting the identified school; 
‘‘(D) develop a rigorous comprehensive 
plan that will be publicly available and pro-vided to parents, for ensuring the successful implementation of the intervention and sup-port strategies described in paragraph (3) in identified schools, which may include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4710 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(i) technical assistance that will be pro-
vided to the school; 
‘‘(ii) improved delivery of services to be 
provided by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(iii) increased support for stronger cur-
riculum, program of instruction, wraparound services, or other resources provided to stu-dents in the school; 
‘‘(iv) any changes to personnel necessary 
to improve educational opportunities for children in the school; 
‘‘(v) redesigning how time for student 
learning or teacher collaboration is used within the school; 
‘‘(vi) using data to inform instruction for 
continuous improvement; 
‘‘(vii) providing increased coaching or sup-
port for principals and other school leaders to have the knowledge and skills to lead and implement efforts to improve schools and to support teachers to improve instruction; 
‘‘(viii) improving school climate and safe-
ty; 
‘‘(ix) providing ongoing mechanisms for 
family and community engagement to im-prove student learning; and 
‘‘(x) establishing partnerships with enti-
ties, including private entities with a dem-onstrated record of improving student achievement, that will assist the local edu-cational agency in fulfilling its responsibil-ities under this section; and 
‘‘(E) collect and use data on an ongoing 
basis to monitor the results of the interven-tion and support strategies and adjust such strategies as necessary during implementa-tion in order to improve student academic achievement. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE TO PARENTS .—A local edu-
cational agency shall promptly provide to a parent or parents of each student enrolled in a school identified as in need of intervention and support under subsection (a)(1)(A) in an easily accessible and understandable form and, to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand— 
‘‘(A) an explanation of what the identifica-
tion means, and how the school compares in terms of academic achievement and other measures in the State accountability system under section 1111(b)(3)(B) to other schools served by the local educational agency and the State educational agency involved; 
‘‘(B) the reasons for the identification; ‘‘(C) an explanation of what the local edu-
cational agency or State educational agency is doing to help the school address student academic achievement and other measures, including a description of the intervention and support strategies developed under para-graph (1)(C) that will be implemented in the school; 
‘‘(D) an explanation of how the parents can 
become involved in addressing academic achievement and other measures that caused the school to be identified; and 
‘‘(E) an explanation of the parents’ option 
to transfer their child to another public school under paragraph (4), if applicable. 
‘‘(3) S
CHOOL INTERVENTION AND SUPPORT  
STRATEGIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with sub-
section (a)(1) and paragraph (1), a local edu-cational agency shall develop and implement evidence-based intervention and support strategies for an identified school that the local educational agency determines appro-priate to address the needs of students in such identified school, which shall— 
‘‘(i) be designed to address the specific rea-
sons for identification, as described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1); 
‘‘(ii) be implemented, at a minimum, in a 
manner that is proportional to the specific reasons for identification, as described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1); and ‘‘(iii) distinguish between the lowest-per-
forming schools and other schools identified as in need of intervention and support for other reasons, including schools with cat-egories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), not meeting the goals described in section 1111(b)(3)(B)(i), as determined by the review in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) S
TATE DETERMINED STRATEGIES .—Con-
sistent with State law, a State educational agency may establish alternative evidence- based State determined strategies that can be used by local educational agencies to as-sist a school identified as in need of inter-vention and support under subsection (a)(1)(A), in addition to the assistance strate-gies developed by a local educational agency under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(4) P
UBLIC SCHOOL CHOICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency may provide all students enrolled in a school identified as in need of intervention and support under subsection (a)(1)(A) with the option to transfer to another public school served by the local educational agen-cy, unless such an option is prohibited by State law. 
‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In providing students the 
option to transfer to another public school, the local educational agency shall give pri-ority to the lowest-achieving children from low-income families, as determined by the local educational agency for the purposes of allocating funds to schools under section 1113(a)(3). 
‘‘(C) T
REATMENT .—Students who use the 
option to transfer to another public school shall be enrolled in classes and other activi-ties in the public school to which the stu-dents transfer in the same manner as all other children at the public school. 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULE .—A local educational 
agency shall permit a child who transfers to another public school under this paragraph to remain in that school until the child has completed the highest grade in that school. 
‘‘(E) F
UNDING FOR TRANSPORTATION .—A 
local educational agency may spend an amount equal to not more than 5 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to pay for the 
provision of transportation for students who transfer under this paragraph to the public schools to which the students transfer. 
‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITIONS ON FEDERAL INTER -
FERENCE WITH STATE AND LOCAL DECISIONS .— 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to authorize or permit the Secretary to estab-lish any criterion that specifies, defines, or prescribes— 
‘‘(A) any school intervention or support 
strategy that States or local educational agencies shall use to assist schools identified as in need of intervention and support under this section; or 
‘‘(B) the weight of any indicator or meas-
ure that a State shall use to identify schools under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) F
UNDS FOR LOCAL SCHOOL INTERVEN -
TIONS AND SUPPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From the total 
amount appropriated under section 1002(f) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award grants to States and the Bureau of Indian Education of the Department of the Interior, through an allotment as determined under subparagraph (B), to carry out the activities described in this subsection. 
‘‘(B) A
LLOTMENTS .—From the total amount 
appropriated under section 1002(f) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall allot to each State, the Bureau of Indian Education of the De-partment of the Interior, and each outlying area for such fiscal year with an approved application, an amount that bears the same relationship to such total amount as the amount such State, the Bureau of Indian Education of the Department of the Interior, 
or such outlying area received under parts A, C, and D of this title for the most recent pre-ceding fiscal year for which the data are available bears to the amount received by all such States, the Bureau of Indian Education of the Department of the Interior, and all such outlying areas under parts A, C, and D of this title for such most recent preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE APPLICATION .—A State (includ-
ing, for the purpose of this paragraph, the Bureau of Indian Education) that desires to receive school intervention and support funds under this subsection shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may re-quire, which shall include a description of— 
‘‘(A) the process and the criteria that the 
State will use to award subgrants under paragraph (4)(A), including how the sub-
grants will serve schools identified by the State as the lowest–performing schools under subsection (a)(1); 
‘‘(B) the process and the criteria the State 
will use to determine whether the local edu-cational agency’s proposal for serving each identified school meets the requirements of paragraph (6) and other provisions of this section; 
‘‘(C) how the State will ensure that local 
educational agencies conduct a comprehen-sive review of each identified school as re-quired under subsection (b) to identify evi-dence-based school intervention and support strategies that are likely to be successful in each particular school; 
‘‘(D) how the State will ensure geographic 
diversity in making subgrants; 
‘‘(E) how the State will set priorities in 
awarding subgrants to local educational agencies, including how the State will prioritize local educational agencies serving elementary schools and secondary schools identified as the lowest–performing schools under subsection (a)(1) that will use sub-grants to serve such schools; 
‘‘(F) how the State will monitor and evalu-
ate the implementation of evidence-based school intervention and support strategies supported by funds under this subsection; and 
‘‘(G) how the State will reduce barriers for 
schools in the implementation of school intervention and support strategies, includ-ing by providing operational flexibility that would enable complete implementation of the selected school intervention and support strategy. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION ; TECHNICAL AS -
SISTANCE ; EXCEPTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives an 
allotment under this subsection may reserve not more than a total of 5 percent of such al-lotment for the administration of this sub-section to carry out its responsibilities under subsection (a)(3) to support school and local educational agency interventions and supports, which may include activities aimed at building State capacity to support and monitor the local educational agency and school intervention and supports. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), a State educational agency may reserve from the amount allotted under this subsection additional funds to meet its responsibilities under subsection (a)(3)(B) if a local educational agency fails to carry out its responsibilities under subsection (b), but shall not reserve more than necessary to meet such State responsibilities. 
‘‘(4) S
UBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the amounts 
awarded to a State under this subsection, the State educational agency shall allocate not less than 95 percent to make subgrants 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4711 July 7, 2015 
to local educational agencies, on a competi-
tive basis, to serve schools identified as in need of intervention and support under sub-section (a)(1)(A). 
‘‘(B) D
URATION .—The State educational 
agency shall award subgrants under this paragraph for a period of not more than 5 years, which period may include a planning year. 
‘‘(C) C
RITERIA .—Subgrants awarded under 
this section shall be of sufficient size to en-able a local educational agency to effectively implement the selected intervention and support strategy. 
‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed as prohib-iting a State from allocating subgrants under this subsection to a statewide school district, consortium of local educational agencies, or an educational service agency that serves schools identified as in need of 
intervention and support under this section, if such entities are legally constituted or recognized as local educational agencies in the State. 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION .—In order to receive a 
subgrant under this subsection, a local edu-cational agency shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such form, and including such infor-mation as the State educational agency may require. Each application shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) a description of the process the local 
educational agency has used for selecting an appropriate evidence-based school interven-tion and support strategy for each school to be served, including how the local edu-cational agency has analyzed the needs of each such school in accordance with sub-section (b)(1) and meaningfully consulted with teachers, principals, and other school leaders in selecting such intervention and support strategy; 
‘‘(B) the specific evidence-based school 
interventions and supports to be used in each school to be served, how these interventions and supports will address the needs identi-fied in the review under subsection (b)(1), and the timeline for implementing such school interventions and supports in each school to be served; 
‘‘(C) a detailed budget covering the grant 
period, including planned expenditures at the school level for activities supporting full and effective implementation of the selected school intervention and support strategy; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will— 
‘‘(i) design and implement the selected 
school intervention and support strategy, in accordance with the requirements of sub-section (b)(1)(C), including the use of appro-priate measures to monitor the effectiveness of implementation; 
‘‘(ii) use a rigorous review process to re-
cruit, screen, select, and evaluate any exter-nal partners with whom the local edu-cational agency will partner; 
‘‘(iii) align other Federal, State, and local 
resources with the intervention and support strategy to reduce duplication, increase effi-ciency, and assist identified schools in com-plying with reporting requirements of Fed-eral and State programs; 
‘‘(iv) modify practices and policies, if nec-
essary, to provide operational flexibility that enables full and effective implementa-tion of the selected school intervention and support strategy; 
‘‘(v) collect and use data on an ongoing 
basis to adjust the intervention and support strategy during implementation, and, if nec-essary, modify or implement a different strategy if implementation is not effective, in order to improve student academic achievement; ‘‘(vi) ensure that the implementation of 
the intervention and support strategy meets the needs of each of the categories of stu-dents, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A); 
‘‘(vii) provide information to parents, 
guardians, teachers, and other stakeholders about the effectiveness of implementation, to the extent practicable, in a language that the parents can understand; and 
‘‘(viii) sustain successful reforms and prac-
tices after the funding period ends; 
‘‘(E) a description of the technical assist-
ance and other support that the local edu-cational agency will provide to ensure effec-tive implementation of school intervention and support strategies in identified schools, in accordance with subsection (b)(1)(D), such as ensuring that identified schools have ac-cess to resources like facilities, professional development, and technology and adopting human resource policies that prioritize re-cruitment, retention, and placement of effec-tive staff in identified schools; and 
‘‘(F) an assurance that each school the 
local educational agency proposes to serve will receive all of the State and local funds it would have received in the absence of funds received under this subsection. 
‘‘(6) L
OCAL ACTIVITIES .—A local educational 
agency that receives a subgrant under this subsection— 
‘‘(A) shall use the subgrant funds to imple-
ment evidence-based school intervention and support strategies consistent with sub-section (a)(1)(A); and 
‘‘(B) may use the subgrant funds to carry 
out, at the local educational agency level, activities that directly support the imple-mentation of the intervention and support strategies such as— 
‘‘(i) assistance in data collection and anal-
ysis; 
‘‘(ii) recruiting and retaining staff; ‘‘(iii) high–quality, evidence–based profes-
sional development; 
‘‘(iv) coordination of services to address 
students’ non–academic needs; and 
‘‘(v) progress monitoring. ‘‘(7) R
EPORTING .—A State that receives 
funds under this subsection shall report to the Secretary a list of all the local edu-cational agencies that received a subgrant under this subsection and for each local edu-cational agency that received a subgrant, a list of all the schools that were served, the amount of funds each school received, and the intervention and support strategies im-plemented in each school. 
‘‘(8) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—A local 
educational agency or State shall use Fed-eral funds received under this subsection only to supplement the funds that would, in the absence of such Federal funds, be made available from non-Federal sources for the education of students participating in pro-grams funded under this subsection. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, remedies, and procedures afforded school or school district employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of un-derstanding, or other agreements between such employees and their employers.’’; 
(2) by striking section 1119; and (3) by redesignating sections 1118, 1120, 
1120A, and 1120B as sections 1115, 1116, 1117, and 1118, respectively. 
SEC. 1005. PARENT AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT. 
Section 1115, as redesignated by section 
1004(3), is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ PA-
RENTAL INVOLVEMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ PARENT  
AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘conducts outreach to all 
parents and family members and’’ after ‘‘only if such agency’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and family members’’ 
after ‘‘and procedures for the involvement of parents’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by inserting ‘‘and family members’’ 
after ‘‘, and distribute to, parents’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘written parent involve-
ment policy’’ and inserting ‘‘written parent and family engagement policy’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘expectations for parent 
involvement’’ and inserting ‘‘expectations and objectives for meaningful parent and family involvement’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(F) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) involve parents and family members 
in jointly developing the local educational agency plan under section 1112 and the proc-ess of school review and intervention and support under section 1114; 
‘‘(B) provide the coordination, technical 
assistance, and other support necessary to assist and build the capacity of all partici-pating schools within the local educational agency in planning and implementing effec-tive parent and family involvement activi-ties to improve student academic achieve-ment and school performance, which may in-clude meaningful consultation with employ-ers, business leaders, and philanthropic orga-nizations, or individuals with expertise in ef-fectively engaging parents and family mem-bers in education; 
‘‘(C) coordinate and integrate parent and 
family engagement strategies under this part with parent and family engagement strategies, to the extent feasible and appro-priate, with other relevant Federal, State, and local laws and programs; 
‘‘(D) conduct, with the meaningful involve-
ment of parents and family members, an an-nual evaluation of the content and effective-ness of the parent and family engagement policy in improving the academic quality of all schools served under this part, including identifying— 
‘‘(i) barriers to greater participation by 
parents in activities authorized by this sec-tion (with particular attention to parents who are economically disadvantaged, are dis-abled, are English learners, have limited lit-eracy, or are of any racial or ethnic minority background); 
‘‘(ii) the needs of parents and family mem-
bers to assist with the learning of their chil-
dren, including engaging with school per-sonnel and teachers; and 
‘‘(iii) strategies to support successful 
school and family interactions; 
‘‘(E) use the findings of such evaluation in 
subparagraph (D) to design evidence-based strategies for more effective parental in-volvement, and to revise, if necessary, the parent and family engagement policies de-scribed in this section; and 
‘‘(F) involve parents in the activities of the 
schools served under this part, which may include establishing a parent advisory board comprised of a sufficient number and rep-resentative group of parents or family mem-bers served by the local educational agency to adequately represent the needs of the pop-ulation served by such agency for the pur-poses of developing, revising, and reviewing the parent and family engagement policy.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to 
carry out this section, including promoting family literacy and parenting skills,’’ and in-serting ‘‘to assist schools to carry out the activities described in this section,’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4712 July 7, 2015 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(B) 
PARENTAL INPUT .—Parents of children’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(B) P ARENT AND FAMILY MEMBER  
INPUT .—Parents and family members of chil-
dren’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘95 percent’’ and inserting 
‘‘85 percent’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, with priority given to 
high–need schools’’ after ‘‘schools served under this part’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds reserved under 
subparagraph (A) by a local educational agency shall be used to carry out activities and strategies consistent with the local edu-cational agency’s parent and family engage-ment policy, including not less than 1 of the following: 
‘‘(i) Supporting schools and nonprofit orga-
nizations in providing professional develop-ment for local educational agency and school personnel regarding parent and family en-gagement strategies, which may be provided jointly to teachers, school leaders, special-ized instructional support personnel, para-professionals, early childhood educators, and parents and family members. 
‘‘(ii) Supporting home visitation programs. ‘‘(iii) Disseminating information on best 
practices focused on parent and family en-gagement, especially best practices for in-creasing the engagement of economically disadvantaged parents and family members. 
‘‘(iv) Collaborating or providing subgrants 
to schools to enable such schools to collabo-rate with community-based or other organi-zations or employers with a demonstrated record of success in improving and increas-ing parent and family engagement. 
‘‘(v) Engaging in any other activities and 
strategies that the local educational agency determines are appropriate and consistent with such agency’s parent and family en-gagement policy, which may include adult education and literacy activities, as defined in section 203 of the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act.’’; 
(3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘P
ARENTAL INVOLVEMENT POLICY ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘P ARENTAL AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT  
POLICY ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and family members’’ 
after ‘‘distribute to, parents’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘written parental involve-
ment policy’’ and inserting ‘‘written parent and family engagement policy’’; 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘parental involvement pol-
icy’’ and inserting ‘‘parent and family en-gagement policy’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and family members’’ 
after ‘‘that applies to all parents’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘school district-level paren-
tal involvement policy’’ and inserting ‘‘dis-trict-level parent and family engagement policy’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and family members in 
all schools served by the local educational agency’’ after ‘‘policy that applies to all par-ents’’; 
(4) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘parental 
involvement policy’’ and inserting ‘‘parent and family engagement policy’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘the 
proficiency levels students are expected to meet’’ and inserting ‘‘the achievement levels of the challenging State academic stand-ards’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘section 
1114(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1113(c)(2)’’; 
(5) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘parental involvement policy’’ and inserting ‘‘parent and family engage-
ment policy’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘the State’s student aca-
demic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, such as monitoring at-
tendance, homework completion, and tele-vision watching’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) ensuring regular two-way, meaningful 
communication between family members and school staff, to the extent practicable, in 
a language that family members can under-stand and access.’’; 
(6) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the 
State’s academic content standards and State student academic achievement stand-ards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘tech-
nology’’ and inserting ‘‘technology (includ-ing education about the harms of copyright piracy)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘pupil 
services personnel, principals’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instructional support personnel, principals, and other school leaders’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Head 
Start, Reading First, Early Reading First, Even Start, the Home Instruction Programs for Preschool Youngsters, the Parents as Teachers Program,’’ and inserting ‘‘other relevant Federal, State, and local laws,’’; 
(7) by striking subsection (f) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(f) A
CCESSIBILITY .—In carrying out the 
parent and family engagement requirements of this part, local educational agencies and schools, to the extent practicable, shall pro-vide opportunities for the full and informed participation of parents and family members (including parents and family members who are English learners, parents and family members with disabilities, and parents and family members of migratory children), in-cluding providing information and school re-ports required under section 1111 in a format and, to the extent practicable, in a language such parents understand.’’; and 
(8) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘parental 
involvement policies’’ and inserting ‘‘parent and family engagement policies’’. 
SEC. 1006. PARTICIPATION OF CHILDREN EN-
ROLLED IN PRIVATE SCHOOLS. 
Section 1116, as redesignated by section 
1004(3), is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 1115(b)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 1113(d)(3)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘sections 1118 and 1119’’ and 
inserting ‘‘section 1115’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) E
XPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Expenditures for edu-
cational services and other benefits to eligi-ble private school children shall be equal to the proportion of funds allocated to partici-pating school attendance areas based on the number of children from low-income families who attend private schools. 
‘‘(B) T
ERM OF DETERMINATION .—The local 
educational agency may determine the equi-table share each year or every 2 years. 
‘‘(C) M
ETHOD OF DETERMINATION .—The pro-
portional share of funds shall be deter-mined— 
‘‘(i) based on the total allocation received 
by the local educational agency; and ‘‘(ii) prior to any allowable expenditures or 
transfers by the local educational agency.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (E)— (I) by striking ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘the propor-
tion of funds’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, and how that proportion 
of funds is determined’’ after ‘‘such serv-ices’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 1113(c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1113(a)(3)’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(iv) in subparagraph (H), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) whether the agency shall provide serv-
ices directly or assign responsibility for the provision of services to a separate govern-ment agency, consortium, or entity, or to a third-party contractor.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (5)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘did not give 
due consideration’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘, or did not make a deci-
sion that treats the private school students equitably as required by this section’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 1007. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
Section 1117, as redesignated by section 
1004(3), is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) F
EDERAL FUNDS TO SUPPLEMENT , NOT 
SUPPLANT , NON-FEDERAL FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency or local educational agency shall use Federal funds received under this part only to supplement the funds that would, in the absence of such Federal funds, be made available from non-Federal sources for the education of students participating in pro-grams assisted under this part, and not to supplant such funds. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE .—To demonstrate compli-
ance with paragraph (1), a local educational agency shall demonstrate that the method-ology used to allocate State and local funds to each school receiving assistance under this part ensures that such school receives all of the State and local funds it would oth-erwise receive if it were not receiving assist-ance under this part. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .—No local educational 
agency shall be required to— 
‘‘(A) identify that an individual cost or 
service supported under this part is supple-mental; and 
‘‘(B) provide services under this part 
through a particular instructional method or in a particular instructional setting in order to demonstrate such agency’s compliance with paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to authorize or permit the Secretary to establish any criterion that specifies, defines, or prescribes the specific methodology a local educational agency uses to allocate State and local funds to each school receiving assistance under this part. 
‘‘(5) T
IMELINE .—A local educational agen-
cy— 
‘‘(A) shall meet the compliance require-
ment under paragraph (2) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(B) may demonstrate compliance with the 
requirement under paragraph (1) before the end of such 2-year period using the method such local educational agency used on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 1008. COORDINATION REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 1118, as redesignated by section 
1004(3), is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4713 July 7, 2015 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘early 
childhood development programs such as the Early Reading First program’’ and inserting ‘‘, early childhood education programs, in-cluding by developing agreements with such Head Start agencies and other entities to carry out such activities’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘early childhood development programs, such as the Early Reading First program,’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education programs’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘early 
childhood development program such as the Early Reading First program’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education program’’; 
(C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘early 
childhood development programs such as the Early Reading First program’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education programs’’; 
(D) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘early 
childhood development programs such as the Early Reading First program’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education programs’’; 
(E) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘Early Reading First pro-
gram staff,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘early childhood develop-
ment program’’ and inserting ‘‘early child-hood education program’’; 
(F) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and enti-
ties carrying out Early Reading First pro-grams’’. 
SEC. 1009. GRANTS FOR THE OUTLYING AREAS 
AND THE SECRETARY OF THE INTE-RIOR. 
Section 1121(b)(3)(C)(ii) (20 U.S.C. 
6331(b)(3)(C)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘challenging State academic content stand-ards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State aca-demic standards’’. 
SEC. 1010. ALLOCATIONS TO STATES. 
Section 1122(a) (20 U.S.C. 6332(a)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2002– 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 1011. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT. 
Section 1125A (20 U.S.C. 6337) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; 
(2) in subsection (d)(1)(A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘clause ‘‘(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State is entitled to re-
ceive its full allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year if the Secretary finds that the State’s fiscal effort per stu-dent or the aggregate expenditures of the State with respect to the provision of free public education by the State for the pre-ceding fiscal year was not less than 90 per-cent of the fiscal effort or aggregate expendi-tures for the second preceding fiscal year, subject to the requirements of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN CASE OF FAILURE TO  
MEET .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
duce the amount of the allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year in the exact proportion by which a State fails to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) by falling below 90 percent of both the fiscal ef-fort per student and aggregate expenditures (using the measure most favorable to the State), if such State has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the State) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—No such lesser amount 
shall be used for computing the effort re-quired under paragraph (1) for subsequent years. ‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirements of this subsection if the Secretary determines that a waiver would be equitable due to— 
‘‘(A) exceptional or uncontrollable cir-
cumstances, such as a natural disaster or a change in the organizational structure of the State; or 
‘‘(B) a precipitous decline in the financial 
resources of the State.’’; 
(4) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’; and 
(5) in subsection (g)(3), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘shall be’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be—’’. 
SEC. 1012. ACADEMIC ASSESSMENTS. 
Part B of title I (20 U.S.C. 6361 et seq.) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART B—ACADEMIC ASSESSMENTS 
‘‘SEC. 1201. GRANTS FOR STATE ASSESSMENTS 
AND RELATED ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘From amounts made available in accord-
ance with section 1204, the Secretary shall make grants to States to enable the States to carry out 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(1) To pay the costs of the development of 
the State assessments and standards adopted under section 1111(b), which may include the costs of working in voluntary partnerships with other States, at the sole discretion of each such State. 
‘‘(2) If a State has developed the assess-
ments adopted under section 1111(b), to ad-minister those assessments or to carry out other assessment activities described in this part, such as the following: 
‘‘(A) Expanding the range of appropriate 
accommodations available to children who are English learners and children with dis-abilities to improve the rates of inclusion in regular assessments of such children, includ-ing professional development activities to improve the implementation of such accom-modations in instructional practice. 
‘‘(B) Developing challenging State aca-
demic standards and aligned assessments in academic subjects for which standards and assessments are not required under section 1111(b). 
‘‘(C) Developing or improving assessments 
of English language proficiency necessary to comply with section 1111(b)(2)(G). 
‘‘(D) Ensuring the continued validity and 
reliability of State assessments. 
‘‘(E) Refining State assessments to ensure 
their continued alignment with the chal-lenging State academic standards and to im-prove the alignment of curricula and instruc-tional materials. 
‘‘(F) Developing or improving the quality, 
validity, and reliability of assessments for children who are English learners, including alternative assessments aligned with the challenging State academic standards, test-ing accommodations for children who are English learners, and assessments of English language proficiency. 
‘‘(G) Developing or improving balanced as-
sessment systems that include summative, interim, and formative assessments, includ-ing supporting local educational agencies in developing or improving such assessments. 
‘‘(H) At the discretion of the State, refin-
ing science assessments required under sec-tion 1111(b)(2) in order to integrate engineer-ing design skills and practices into such as-sessments. 
‘‘(I) Developing or improving models to 
measure and assess student growth on State assessments under section 1111(b)(2) and other assessments not required under section 1111(b)(2). 
‘‘SEC. 1202. GRANTS FOR ENHANCED ASSESS-
MENT INSTRUMENTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From 
amounts made available in accordance with section 1204, the Secretary shall award, on a 
competitive basis, grants to State edu-cational agencies that have submitted appli-cations at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require, which dem-onstrate, to the satisfaction of the Sec-retary, that the requirements of this section will be met, for one of more of the following: 
‘‘(1) Allowing for collaboration with insti-
tutions of higher education, other research institutions, or other organizations to im-prove the quality, validity, and reliability of State academic assessments beyond the re-quirements for such assessments described in section 1111(b)(2). 
‘‘(2) Developing or improving assessments 
for students who are children with disabil-ities, including using the principles of uni-versal design for learning, which may in-clude developing assessments aligned to al-ternate academic achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities described in section 1111(b)(2)(D). 
‘‘(3) Measuring student progress or aca-
demic growth over time, including by using multiple measures, or developing or improv-ing models to measure and assess growth on State assessments under section 1111(b)(2). 
‘‘(4) Evaluating student academic achieve-
ment through the development of com-prehensive academic assessment instru-ments, such as performance and technology- based academic assessments that emphasize the mastery of standards and aligned com-petencies in a competency-based education model, technology-based academic assess-ments, computer adaptive assessments, and portfolios, projects, or extended performance task assessments. 
‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each State edu-
cational agency receiving a grant under this section shall submit an annual report to the Secretary describing its activities under the grant and the result of such activities. 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds provided under 
this section to the Secretary shall be used to mandate, direct, control, incentivize, or make financial awards conditioned upon a State (or a consortium of States) developing any assessment common to a number of States, including testing activities prohib-ited under section 9529. 
‘‘SEC. 1203. AUDITS OF ASSESSMENT SYSTEMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 1204(b)(1)(C) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall make grants to States to enable the States to— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a grant awarded under 
this section to a State for the first time— 
‘‘(A) carry out audits of State assessment 
systems and ensure that local educational agencies carry out audits of local assess-ments under subsection (e)(1); 
‘‘(B) prepare and carry out the State plan 
under subsection (e)(6); and 
‘‘(C) award subgrants under subsection (f); 
and 
‘‘(2) in the case of a grant awarded under 
this section to a State that has previously received a grant under this section— 
‘‘(A) carry out the State plan under sub-
section (e)(6); and 
‘‘(B) award subgrants under subsection (f). ‘‘(b) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—Each State with 
an approved application shall receive a grant amount of not less than $1,500,000 per fiscal year. 
‘‘(c) R
EALLOCATION .—If a State chooses not 
to apply to receive a grant under this sub-section, or if such State’s application under subsection (d) is disapproved by the Sec-retary, the Secretary shall reallocate such grant amount to other States with approved applications. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .—A State desiring to re-
ceive a grant under this section shall submit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4714 July 7, 2015 
an application to the Secretary at such time, 
in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(e) A
UDITS OF STATE ASSESSMENT SYS-
TEMS AND LOCAL ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A UDIT REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 
1 year after a State receives a grant under this section for the first time, the State shall— 
‘‘(A) conduct an audit of the State assess-
ment system; 
‘‘(B) ensure that each local educational 
agency under the State’s jurisdiction and re-ceiving funds under this Act— 
‘‘(i) conducts an audit of each local assess-
ment administered by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(ii) submits the results of such audit to 
the State; and 
‘‘(C) report the results of each State and 
local educational agency audit conducted under subparagraphs (A) and (B), in a format that is— 
‘‘(i) publicly available, such as a widely ac-
cessible online platform; and 
‘‘(ii) with appropriate accessibility provi-
sions for individuals with disabilities and English learners. 
‘‘(2) R
ESOURCES FOR LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—In carrying out paragraph (1)(B), 
each State shall develop and provide local educational agencies with resources, such as guidelines and protocols, to assist the agen-cies in conducting and reporting the results of the audit required under such paragraph. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ASSESSMENT SYSTEM DESCRIP -
TION.—An audit of a State assessment sys-
tem conducted under paragraph (1) shall in-clude a description of each State assessment carried out in the State, including— 
‘‘(A) the grade and subject matter assessed; ‘‘(B) whether the assessment is required 
under section 1111(b)(2) or allowed under sec-tion 1111(b)(2)(D); 
‘‘(C) the annual cost to the State edu-
cational agency involved in developing, pur-chasing, administering, and scoring the as-sessment; 
‘‘(D) the purpose for which the assessment 
was designed and the purpose for which the assessment is used, including assessments designed to contribute to systems of im-provement of teaching and learning; 
‘‘(E) the time for disseminating assessment 
results; 
‘‘(F) a description of how the assessment is 
aligned with the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(G) a description of any State law or reg-
ulation that established the requirement for the assessment; 
‘‘(H) the schedule and calendar for all 
State assessments given; and 
‘‘(I) a description of the State’s policies for 
inclusion of English learners and children with disabilities participating in assess-ments, including developing and promoting the use of appropriate accommodations. 
‘‘(4) L
OCAL ASSESSMENT DESCRIPTION .—An 
audit of a local assessment conducted under paragraph (1) shall include a description of the local assessment carried out by the local educational agency, including— 
‘‘(A) the descriptions listed in subpara-
graphs (A), (D), and (E) of paragraph (3); 
‘‘(B) the annual cost to the local edu-
cational agency of developing, purchasing, administering, and scoring the assessment; 
‘‘(C) the extent to which the assessment is 
aligned to the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(D) a description of any State or local law 
or regulation that establishes the require-ment for the assessment; and 
‘‘(E) in the case of a summative assessment 
that is used for accountability purposes, whether the assessment is valid and reliable and consistent with nationally recognized 
professional and technical standards. 
‘‘(5) S
TAKEHOLDER FEEDBACK .—Each audit 
of a State assessment system or local assess-ment system conducted under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) shall include feed-back on such system from education stake-holders, which shall cover information such as— 
‘‘(A) how educators, school leaders, and ad-
ministrators use assessment data to improve and differentiate instruction; 
‘‘(B) the timing of release of assessment 
data; 
‘‘(C) the extent to which assessment data 
is presented in an accessible and understand-able format for educators, school leaders, parents, students (if appropriate), and the community; 
‘‘(D) the opportunities, resources, and 
training educators and administrators are given to review assessment results and make effective use of assessment data; 
‘‘(E) the distribution of technological re-
sources and personnel necessary to admin-ister assessments; 
‘‘(F) the amount of time educators spend 
on assessment preparation; 
‘‘(G) the assessments that administrators, 
educators, parents, and students, if appro-priate, do and do not find useful; 
‘‘(H) the amount of time students spend 
taking the assessments; and 
‘‘(I) other information as appropriate. ‘‘(6) S
TATE PLAN ON AUDIT FINDINGS .— 
‘‘(A) P REPARING THE STATE PLAN .—Not 
later than 6 months after a State conducts an audit under paragraph (1) and based on the results of such audit, the State shall, in coordination with the local educational agencies under the jurisdiction of the State, prepare and submit to the Secretary a plan to improve and streamline State assessment systems and local assessment systems, in-cluding through activities such as— 
‘‘(i) developing and maintaining lists of 
State and local assessments that— 
‘‘(I) align to the State’s content standards 
under section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(II) are valid, reliable, and remain con-
sistent with nationally recognized profes-
sional and technical standards; and 
‘‘(III) contribute to systems of continuous 
improvement for teaching and learning; 
‘‘(ii) eliminating any assessments that are 
not required under section 1111(b)(2) (such as buying out the remainder of procurement contracts with assessment developers) that do not meet the contributing factors of high- quality assessments listed under subclauses (I) through (III) of clause (i); 
‘‘(iii) supporting the dissemination of best 
practices from local educational agencies or other States that have successfully improved assessment quality and efficiency to improve teaching and learning; 
‘‘(iv) supporting local educational agencies 
or consortia of local educational agencies to carry out efforts to streamline local assess-ment systems and implementing a regular process of review and evaluation of assess-ment use in local educational agencies; 
‘‘(v) disseminating the assessment data in 
an accessible and understandable format for educators, parents, and families; and 
‘‘(vi) decreasing time between admin-
istering such State assessments and releas-ing assessment data. 
‘‘(B) C
ARRY OUT THE STATE PLAN .—A State 
shall carry out a State plan as soon as prac-ticable after the State prepares such State plan under subparagraph (A) and during each grant period of a grant described in sub-section (a)(2) that is awarded to the State. 
‘‘(f) S
UBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount award-
ed to a State under this section, the State shall reserve not less than 20 percent of 
funds to make subgrants to local educational agencies in the State, or consortia of such local educational agencies, based on dem-onstrated need in the agency’s or consor-tium’s application to improve assessment quality, use, and alignment with the chal-lenging State academic standards under sec-tion 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY APPLICA -
TION.—Each local educational agency, or 
consortium of local educational agencies, seeking a subgrant under this subsection shall submit an application to the State at such time, in such manner, and containing such other information as determined by the State. The application shall include a de-scription of the agency’s or consortium’s needs to improve assessment quality, use, and alignment (as described in paragraph (1)). 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—A subgrant awarded 
under this subsection to a local educational agency or consortium of such agencies may be used to— 
‘‘(A) conduct an audit of local assessments 
under subsection (e)(1)(B); 
‘‘(B) eliminate any assessments identified 
for elimination by such audit, such as by buying out the remainder of procurement contracts with assessment developers; 
‘‘(C) disseminate the best practices de-
scribed in subsection (e)(6)(A)(ii); 
‘‘(D) improve the capacity of school leaders 
and educators to disseminate assessment data in an accessible and understandable for-mat for parents and families, including for children with disabilities or English learn-ers; 
‘‘(E) improve assessment delivery systems 
and schedules, including by increasing access to technology and exam proctors, where ap-propriate; 
‘‘(F) hire instructional coaches, or promote 
educators who may receive increased com-pensation to serve as instructional coaches, to support educators to develop classroom- based assessments, interpret assessment data, and design instruction; and 
‘‘(G) provide for appropriate accommoda-
tions to maximize inclusion of children with disabilities and English learners partici-pating in assessments. 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) L OCAL ASSESSMENT .—The term ‘local 
assessment’ means an academic assessment selected and carried out by a local edu-cational agency that is separate from an as-sessment required by section 1111(b)(2). 
‘‘(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘SEC. 1204. FUNDING. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL ASSESSMENT OF EDU-
CATIONAL PROGRESS .—For the purpose of ad-
ministering the State assessments under the National Assessment of Educational Progress, there are authorized to be appro-priated such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(b) A
LLOTMENT OF APPROPRIATED FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts made 
available for each fiscal year under sub-section 1002(b) that are equal to or less than the amount described in section 1111(b)(2)(H), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) reserve 
1⁄2of 1 percent for the Bureau 
of Indian Education; 
‘‘(B) reserve 1⁄2of 1 percent for the outlying 
areas; 
‘‘(C) reserve not more than 20 percent to 
carry out section 1203; and 
‘‘(D) from the remainder, allocate to each 
State for section 1201 an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) $3,000,000; and ‘‘(ii) with respect to any amounts remain-
ing after the allocation is made under clause 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4715 July 7, 2015 
(i), an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to such total remaining amounts as the number of students aged 5 through 17 in the State (as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data) bears to the total number of such students in all States. 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNTS ABOVE TRIGGER AMOUNT .— 
Any amounts made available for a fiscal year under subsection 1002(b) that are more than the amount described in section 1111(b)(2)(H) shall be made available as follows: 
‘‘(A)(i) To award funds under section 1202 
to States selected for such grants, according to the quality, needs, and scope of the State application under that section. 
‘‘(ii) In determining the grant amount 
under clause (i), the Secretary shall ensure that a State’s grant includes an amount that bears the same relationship to the total funds available under this paragraph for the fiscal year as the number of students ages 5 through 17 in the State (as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data) bears to the total number of such students in all States. 
‘‘(B) Any amounts remaining after the Sec-
retary awards funds under subparagraph (A) shall be allocated to each State that did not receive a grant under such subparagraph, in an amount that bears the same relationship to the total funds available under this sub-paragraph as the number of students ages 5 through 17 in the State (as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data) bears to the total number of such students in all States. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘State’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘SEC. 1205. INNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT AND AC-
COUNTABILITY DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY. 
‘‘(a) I NNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT SYSTEM DE-
FINED .—The term ‘innovative assessment 
system’ means a system of assessments that may include— 
‘‘(1) competency-based assessments, 
instructionally embedded assessments, in-terim assessments, cumulative year-end as-sessments, or performance-based assess-ments that combine into an annual summative determination for a student, which may be administered through com-puter adaptive assessments; and 
‘‘(2) assessments that validate when stu-
dents are ready to demonstrate mastery or proficiency and allow for differentiated stu-dent support based on individual learning needs. 
‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-
vide a State educational agency, or a consor-tium of State educational agencies, in ac-cordance with paragraph (3), with the au-thority to establish an innovative assess-ment system. 
‘‘(2) D
EMONSTRATION PERIOD .—In accord-
ance with the requirements described in sub-section (c), each State educational agency, or consortium of State educational agencies, that submits an application under this sec-tion shall propose in its application the pe-riod of time over which it desires to exercise the demonstration authority, except that such period shall not exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(3) I
NITIAL DEMONSTRATION AUTHORITY ; 
PROGRESS REPORT ; EXPANSION .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIAL PERIOD .—During the first 3 
years of the demonstration authority under this section, the Secretary shall provide State educational agencies, or consortia of State educational agencies, subject to meet-ing the application requirements in sub-section (c), with the authority described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—During the first 3 years 
of the demonstration authority under this section, the total number of participating State educational agencies, including those participating in consortia, may not exceed 7, and not more than 4 State educational agen-cies may participate in a single consortium. 
‘‘(C) P
ROGRESS REPORT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the end of the first 3 years of the initial demonstration period described in subpara-graph (A), the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, in consultation with the Secretary, shall publish a report detailing the initial progress of the approved innova-tive assessment systems prior to providing additional State educational agencies with the demonstration authority described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(ii) C
RITERIA .—The progress report under 
clause (i) shall draw upon the annual infor-mation submitted by participating States described in subsection (c)(2)(I) and examine the extent to which— 
‘‘(I) the innovative assessment systems 
have demonstrated progress for all students, including at-risk students, in relation to such measures as— 
‘‘(aa) student achievement and academic 
outcomes; 
‘‘(bb) graduation rates for high schools; ‘‘(cc) retention rates of students in school; 
and 
‘‘(dd) rates of remediation for students; ‘‘(II) the innovative assessment systems 
have facilitated progress in relation to at least one other valid and reliable indicator of quality, success, or student support, such as those reported annually by the State in accordance with section 1111(b)(3)(B)(ii)(IV); 
‘‘(III) the State educational agencies have 
solicited feedback from teachers, principals, other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; 
‘‘(IV) teachers, principals, and other school 
leaders have demonstrated a commitment and capacity to implement or continue to implement the innovative assessment sys-tems; 
‘‘(V) the innovative assessment systems 
have been developed in accordance with the requirements of subsection (c), including substantial evidence that such systems meet such requirements; and 
‘‘(VI) each State participating in the dem-
onstration authority has demonstrated that the same system of assessments was used to measure the achievement of all students that participated in the demonstration au-thority, and at least 95 percent of such stu-
dents overall and in each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), were assessed under the innovative assess-ment system. 
‘‘(iii) U
SE OF REPORT .—Upon completion of 
the progress report, the Secretary shall pro-vide a response to the findings of the progress report, including a description of how the findings of the report will be used— 
‘‘(I) to support participating State edu-
cational agencies through technical assist-ance; and 
‘‘(II) to inform the peer review process de-
scribed in subsection (d) for advising the Secretary on the awarding of the demonstra-tion authority to the additional State edu-cational agencies described in subparagraph (D). 
‘‘(iv) P
UBLICLY AVAILABLE .—The Secretary 
shall make the progress report under this subparagraph and the response described in clause (iii) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
‘‘(v) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this sub-
paragraph shall be construed to authorize the Secretary to require participating States to submit any additional information for the purposes of the progress report beyond what 
the State has already provided in the annual report described in subsection (c)(2)(I). 
‘‘(D) E
XPANSION OF THE DEMONSTRATION AU -
THORITY .—Upon completion and publication 
of the report described in subparagraph (C)(iv), additional State educational agencies or consortia of State educational agencies may apply for the demonstration authority described in this section without regard to the limitations described in subparagraph (B). Such State educational agencies or con-sortia of State educational agencies shall be subject to all of the same requirements of this section. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—Consistent with the 
process described in subsection (d), a State educational agency, or consortium of State educational agencies, that desires to partici-pate in the program of demonstration au-thority under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire. Such application shall include a de-scription of the innovative assessment sys-tem, what experience the applicant has in implementing any components of the inno-vative assessment system, and the timeline over which the State proposes to exercise this authority. In addition, the application shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A demonstration that the innovative 
assessment system will— 
‘‘(A) meet all the requirements of section 
1111(b)(2)(B), except the requirements of clauses (i) and (v) of such section; 
‘‘(B) be aligned to the standards under sec-
tion 1111(b)(1) and address the depth and breadth of the challenging State academic standards under such section; 
‘‘(C) express student results or student 
competencies in terms consistent with the State aligned academic achievement stand-ards; 
‘‘(D) be able to generate comparable, valid, 
and reliable results for all students and for each category of students described in sec-tion 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi), compared to the results for such students on the State assessments under section 1111(b)(2); 
‘‘(E) be developed in collaboration with 
stakeholders representing the interests of children with disabilities, English learners, and other vulnerable children, educators, in-cluding teachers, principals, and other school leaders, local educational agencies, parents, and civil rights organizations in the State; 
‘‘(F) be accessible to all students, such as 
by incorporating the principles of universal design for learning; 
‘‘(G) provide educators, students, and par-
ents with timely data, disaggregated by each category of students described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi), to inform and improve in-structional practice and student supports; 
‘‘(H) be able to identify which students are 
not making progress toward the State’s aca-demic achievement standards so that edu-cators can provide instructional support and targeted intervention to all students to en-sure every student is making progress; 
‘‘(I) measure the annual progress of not 
less than 95 percent of all students and stu-dents in each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), who are enrolled in each school that is participating in the innovative assessment system and are required to take assessments; 
‘‘(J) generate an annual, summative 
achievement determination based on annual data for each individual student based on the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1) and be able to validly and reliably aggregate data from the innovative assessment system for purposes of account-ability, consistent with the requirements of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4716 July 7, 2015 
section 1111(b)(3), and reporting, consistent 
with the requirements of section 1111(d); and 
‘‘(K) continue use of the high-quality 
statewide academic assessments required under section 1111(b)(2) if such assessments will be used for accountability purposes for the duration of the demonstration. 
‘‘(2) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will— 
‘‘(A) identify the distinct purposes for each 
assessment that is part of the innovative as-sessment system; 
‘‘(B) provide support and training to local 
educational agency and school staff to im-plement the innovative assessment system described in this subsection; 
‘‘(C) inform parents of students in partici-
pating local educational agencies about the innovative assessment system at the begin-ning of each school year during which the in-novative assessment system will be imple-mented; 
‘‘(D) engage and support teachers in devel-
oping and scoring assessments that are part of the innovative assessment system, includ-ing through the use of high-quality profes-sional development, standardized and cali-brated scoring rubrics, and other strategies, consistent with relevant nationally recog-nized professional and technical standards, to ensure inter-rater reliability and com-parability; 
‘‘(E) acclimate students to the innovative 
assessment system; 
‘‘(F) ensure that students with the most 
significant cognitive disabilities may be as-sessed with alternate assessments consistent with section 1111(b)(2)(D); 
‘‘(G) if the State is proposing to administer 
the innovative assessment system initially in a subset of local educational agencies, scale up the innovative assessment system to administer such system statewide or with additional local educational agencies in the State’s proposed period of demonstration au-thority and 2-year extension period, if appli-cable, including the timeline that explains the process for scaling to statewide imple-mentation by either the end of the State’s proposed period of demonstration authority or the 2-year extension period; 
‘‘(H) gather data, solicit regular feedback 
from educators and parents, and assess the results of each year of the program of dem-onstration authority under this section, and respond by making needed changes to the in-novative assessment system; and 
‘‘(I) report data from the innovative assess-
ment system annually to the Secretary, in-cluding— 
‘‘(i) demographics of participating local 
educational agencies, if such system is not statewide, and additional local educational agencies if added to the system during the course of the State’s demonstration or 2-year extension period, including a description of how— 
‘‘(I) the inclusion of additional local edu-
cational agencies contributes to progress to-ward achieving high-quality and consistent implementation across demographically di-verse local educational agencies throughout the demonstration period; and 
‘‘(II) by the end of the demonstration au-
thority, the participating local educational agencies, as a group, will be demographically similar to the State as a whole; 
‘‘(ii) performance of all participating stu-
dents and for each category of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), on the inno-vative assessment, consistent with the re-quirements in section 1111(d); 
‘‘(iii) performance of all participating stu-
dents in relation to at least one other valid and reliable indicator of quality, success, or student supports, such as those reported an-nually by the State in accordance with sec-tion 1111(b)(3)(B)(ii)(IV); ‘‘(iv) feedback from teachers, principals, 
other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; and 
‘‘(v) if such system is not statewide, a de-
scription of the State’s progress in scaling up the innovative assessment system to ad-ditional local educational agencies during the State’s period of demonstration author-ity, as described in subparagraph (G). 
‘‘(3) A description of the State educational 
agency’s plan to— 
‘‘(A) ensure that all students and each of 
the categories of students, as defined in sec-tion 1111(b)(3)(A)— 
‘‘(i) are held to the same high standard as 
other students in the State; and 
‘‘(ii) receive the instructional support 
needed to meet challenging State academic standards; 
‘‘(B) ensure that each local educational 
agency has the technological infrastructure to implement the innovative assessment sys-tem; and 
‘‘(C) hold all participating schools in the 
local educational agencies participating in the program of demonstration authority ac-countable for meeting the State’s expecta-tions for student achievement. 
‘‘(4) If the innovative assessment system 
will initially be administered in a subset of local educational agencies— 
‘‘(A) a description of the local educational 
agencies within the State educational agen-cy that will participate, including what cri-teria the State has for approving any addi-tional local educational agencies to partici-pate during the demonstration period; 
‘‘(B) assurances from such local edu-
cational agencies that such agencies will comply with the requirements of this sub-section; and 
‘‘(C) a description of how the State will— ‘‘(i) ensure that the inclusion of additional 
local educational agencies contributes to progress toward achieving high-quality and consistent implementation across demo-graphically diverse local educational agen-cies throughout the demonstration author-ity; and 
‘‘(ii) ensure that the participating local 
educational agencies, as a group, will be de-mographically similar to the State as a 
whole by the end of the State’s period of demonstration authority. 
‘‘(d) P
EERREVIEW .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) implement a peer review process to in-
form— 
‘‘(A) the awarding of the demonstration 
authority under this section and the ap-proval to operate the system for the pur-poses of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1111(b), as described in subsection (h) of this section; and 
‘‘(B) determinations about whether the in-
novative assessment system— 
‘‘(i) is comparable to the State assessments 
under section 1111(b)(2)(B)(v)(I), valid, reli-able, of high technical quality, and con-sistent with relevant, nationally recognized professional and technical standards; and 
‘‘(ii) provides an unbiased, rational, and 
consistent determination of progress toward the goals described under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(i) for all students; 
‘‘(2) ensure that the peer review team is 
comprised of practitioners and experts who are knowledgeable about the innovative as-sessment being proposed for all students, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) individuals with past experience de-
veloping systems of assessment innovation that support all students, including English learners, children with disabilities, and dis-advantaged students; and 
‘‘(B) individuals with experience imple-
menting innovative State assessment and ac-countability systems; ‘‘(3) make publicly available the applica-
tions submitted under subsection (c) and the peer review comments and recommendations regarding such applications; 
‘‘(4) make a determination and inform the 
State regarding approval or disapproval of the application not later than 90 days after receipt of the complete application; 
‘‘(5) offer a State the opportunity to revise 
and resubmit its application within 60 days of a disapproval determination under para-graph (4) to allow the State to submit addi-tional evidence that the State’s application meets the requirements of subjection (c); and 
‘‘(6) make a determination regarding appli-
cation approval or disapproval of a resub-mitted application under paragraph (5) not later than 45 days after receipt of the resub-mitted application. 
‘‘(e) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may ex-
tend an authorization of demonstration au-thority under this section for an additional 2 years if the State educational agency dem-onstrates with evidence that the State edu-cational agency’s innovative assessment sys-tem is continuing to meet the requirements of subsection (c), including— 
‘‘(1) demonstrating capacity to transition 
to statewide use by the end of a 2-year exten-sion period; and 
‘‘(2) demonstrating that the participating 
local educational agencies, as a group, will be demographically similar to the State as a whole by the end of a 2-year extension pe-riod. 
‘‘(f) U
SE OF INNOVATIVE ASSESSMENT SYS-
TEM.—A State may, during its approved dem-
onstration period or 2-year extension period, include results from the innovative assess-ment systems developed under this section in accountability determinations for each student in the participating local edu-cational agencies instead of, or in addition to, those from the assessment system under section 1111(b)(2) if the State demonstrates that the State has met the requirements in subsection (c). The State shall continue to meet all other requirements of section 1111(b)(3). 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORITY WITHDRAWN .—The Sec-
retary shall withdraw the authorization for demonstration authority provided to a State educational agency under this section and any participating local educational agency or the State as a whole shall return to the statewide assessment system under section 1111(b)(2) if, at any point during a State’s ap-proved period of demonstration or 2-year ex-
tension period, the State educational agency cannot present to the Secretary a body of substantial evidence that the innovative as-sessment system developed under this sec-tion— 
‘‘(1) meets requirements of subsection (c); ‘‘(2) includes all students attending schools 
participating in the demonstration author-ity, including each of the categories of stu-dents, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), in the innovative assessment system dem-onstration; 
‘‘(3) provides an unbiased, rational, and 
consistent determination of progress toward the goals described under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(i) for all students, which are comparable to determinations under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii) across the State in which the local educational agencies are located; 
‘‘(4) presents a high-quality plan to transi-
tion to full statewide use of the innovative assessment system by the end of the State’s approved demonstration period and 2-year extension, if the innovative assessment sys-tem will initially be administered in a subset of local educational agencies; and 
‘‘(5) is comparable to the statewide assess-
ments under section 1111(b)(2) in content coverage, difficulty, and quality. 
‘‘(h) T
RANSITION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4717 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If, after a State’s ap-
proved demonstration and extension period, the State educational agency has met all the requirements of this section, including hav-ing scaled the system up to statewide use, and demonstrated that such system is of high quality, the State shall be permitted to operate the innovative assessment system approved under the program of demonstra-tion authority under this section for the pur-poses of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1111(b). Such system shall be deemed of high quality if the Secretary, through the peer re-view process described in subsection (d), de-termines that the system has— 
‘‘(A) met all of the requirements of this 
section; 
‘‘(B) demonstrated progress for all stu-
dents, including each of the categories of students defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), in relation to such measures as— 
‘‘(i) increasing student achievement and 
academic outcomes; 
‘‘(ii) increasing the 4-year adjusted cohort 
graduation rate or the extended-year ad-justed cohort graduation rate for high schools; 
‘‘(iii) increasing retention rates of students 
in school; and 
‘‘(iv) increasing rates of remediation at in-
stitutions of higher education for partici-pating students; 
‘‘(C) demonstrated progress in relation to 
at least one other valid and reliable indi-cator of quality, success, or student sup-ports, such as those reported annually by the State in accordance with section 1111(b)(3)(B)(ii)(IV); 
‘‘(D) provided coherent and timely infor-
mation about student attainment of the State’s challenging academic standards, in-cluding objective measurement of academic achievement, knowledge, and skills that are valid, reliable, and consistent with relevant, nationally-recognized professional and tech-nical standards; 
‘‘(E) solicited feedback from teachers, prin-
cipals, other school leaders, and parents about their satisfaction with the innovative assessment system; and 
‘‘(F) demonstrated that the same system of 
assessments was used to measure the achievement of all students, and at least 95 percent of such students overall and in each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), were assessed under the innovative assessment system. 
‘‘(2) B
ASELINE .—For the purposes of the 
evaluation described in paragraph (1), the baseline year shall be considered the first year of implementation of the innovative as-sessment system for each local educational agency. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—If, at the conclu-
sion of the State’s approved demonstration and extension period, the State has met all of the requirements of this section, except transition to full statewide use for States that will initially administer an innovative assessment system in a subset of local edu-cational agencies, and continues to comply with the other requirements of this section, and demonstrates a high-quality plan for transition to statewide use in a reasonable period of time, the State may request, and the Secretary shall review such request, a delay of the withdrawal of authority under subsection (g) for the purpose of providing the State time necessary to implement the innovative assessment system statewide. 
‘‘(i) A
VAILABLE FUNDS .—A State may use 
funds available under section 1201 to carry out this section. 
‘‘(j) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A consortium 
of States may apply to participate in the program of demonstration authority under this section and the Secretary may provide each State member of such consortium with such authority if each such State member 
meets all of the requirements of this section. Such consortium shall be subject to the limi-tation described in subsection (b)(3)(B) dur-ing the initial 3 years of the demonstration authority. 
‘‘(k) D
ISSEMINATION OF BESTPRACTICES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Following the publica-
tion of the progress report described in sub-section (b)(3)(C), the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, in consultation with the Secretary, shall collect and disseminate the best practices on the development and implementation of innovative assessment systems that meet the requirements of this section, including— 
‘‘(A) the development of summative assess-
ments that meet the requirements of section 1111(b)(2)(B), are comparable with statewide assessments, and include assessment tasks that determine proficiency or mastery of State-approved competencies aligned to challenging academic standards; 
‘‘(B) the development of effective supports 
for local educational agencies and school staff to implement innovative assessment systems; 
‘‘(C) the development of effective engage-
ment and support of teachers in developing and scoring assessments and the use of high- quality professional development; 
‘‘(D) the development of effective supports 
for all students, particularly each of the cat-
egories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), participating in the innovative assessment systems; and 
‘‘(E) the development of standardized and 
calibrated scoring rubrics, and other strate-gies, to ensure inter-rater reliability and comparability of determinations of mastery or proficiency across local educational agen-cies and the State. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall 
make the information described in para-graph (1) available to the public on the website of the Department and shall publish an update to the information not less often than once every 3 years.’’. 
SEC. 1013. EDUCATION OF MIGRATORY CHIL-
DREN. 
Part C of title I (20 U.S.C. 6391 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 1301— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘State 
academic content and student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘chal-lenging State academic standards’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘State 
academic content and student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘State academic standards’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘without 
the need for postsecondary remediation’’ after ‘‘employment’’; 
(2) in section 1303— (A) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) S
TATE ALLOCATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) B ASE AMOUNT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b) and subparagraph (B), each State (other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) is entitled to receive under this part, for fiscal year 2016 and succeeding fis-cal years, an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) the amount that such State received 
under this part for fiscal year 2002; plus 
‘‘(ii) the amount allocated to the State 
under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) N
ONPARTICIPATING STATES .—In the 
case of a State (other than the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico) that did not receive any funds for fiscal year 2002 under this part, the State shall receive, for fiscal year 2016 and succeeding fiscal years, an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) the amount that such State would 
have received under this part for fiscal year 2002 if its application under section 1304 for 
the year had been approved; plus 
‘‘(ii) the amount allocated to the State 
under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF ADDITIONAL AMOUNT .— 
For fiscal year 2016 and succeeding fiscal years, the amount (if any) by which the funds appropriated to carry out this part for the year exceed such funds for fiscal year 2002 shall be allocated to a State (other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) so that the State receives an amount equal to— 
‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) the number of identified eligible mi-
gratory children, aged 3 through 21, residing in the State during the previous year; and 
‘‘(ii) the number of identified eligible mi-
gratory children, aged 3 through 21, who re-ceived services under this part in summer or intersession programs provided by the State during such year; multiplied by 
‘‘(B) 40 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the State, except that the amount determined under this subparagraph may not be less than 32 percent, or more than 48 percent, of the average per-pupil ex-penditure in the United States.’’; 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM PERCENTAGE .—The percent-
age in paragraph (1)(A) shall not be less than 85.0 percent.’’; 
(C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘(A) If, after’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, after’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) by striking ‘‘If additional’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘R
EALLOCATION .—If additional’’; and 
(bb) by moving the margins of such sub-
paragraph 2 ems to the right; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘(A) The Secretary’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) F
URTHER REDUCTIONS .—The Sec-
retary’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and in-
serting ‘‘R
EALLOCATION .—The Secretary’’; 
and 
(bb) by moving the margins of such sub-
paragraph 2 ems to the right; and 
(D) in subsection (d)(3)(B), by striking 
‘‘welfare or educational attainment’’ and in-serting ‘‘academic achievement’’; and 
(E) in subsection (e)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘estimated’’ and inserting ‘‘iden-tified’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the Secretary shall’’ and 
all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘the Secretary shall use such information as the Secretary finds most accurately reflects the actual number of mi-gratory children.’’; 
(3) in section 1304— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(aa) by striking ‘‘special educational 
needs’’ and inserting ‘‘unique educational needs’’; and 
(bb) by inserting ‘‘and out-of-school migra-
tory children’’ after ‘‘including preschool migratory children’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘part 
A or B of title III’’ and inserting ‘‘part A of title III’’; and 
(III) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(D) measurable program objectives and 
outcomes;’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging State academic content standards and challenging State student academic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4718 July 7, 2015 
achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘chal-
lenging State academic standards’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘, con-
sistent with procedures the Secretary may require,’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(v) by striking paragraph (6); and (vi) by redesignating paragraph (7) as para-
graph (6); 
(B) in subsection (c)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘, satisfactory to the Sec-retary,’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘in a man-
ner consistent with the objectives of section 1114, subsections (b) and (d) of section 1115, subsections (b) and (c) of section 1120A, and part I’’ and inserting ‘‘in a manner con-sistent with the objectives of section 1113(c), paragraphs (3) and (4) of section 1113(d), sub-sections (b) and (c) of section 1117, and part E’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in the matter before subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘parent advisory councils’’ and inserting ‘‘parents of migratory children, in-cluding parent advisory councils’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘section 1118’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 1115’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and out- 
of-school migratory children’’ after ‘‘ad-dressing the unmet educational needs of pre-school migratory children’’; 
(v) in paragraph (6)— (I) by striking ‘‘to the extent feasible,’’; (II) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) evidence-based family literacy pro-
grams;’’; and 
(III) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘, 
without the need for postsecondary remedi-ation’’ after ‘‘employment’’; and 
(vi) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘para-
graphs (1)(A) and (2)(B)(i) of section 1303(a), through such procedures as the Secretary may require’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1303(a)(2)(A)’’; 
(C) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITY FOR SERVICES .—In providing 
services with funds received under this part, each recipient of such funds shall give pri-ority to migratory children who have made a qualifying move within the previous 1-year period and who— 
‘‘(1) are failing, or most at risk of failing, 
to meet the challenging State academic standards; or 
‘‘(2) have dropped out of school.’’; and (D) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘sec-
ondary school students’’ and inserting ‘‘stu-dents’’; 
(4) in section 1305(b), by inserting ‘‘, to the 
extent practicable,’’ after ‘‘may’’; 
(5) in section 1306— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘special’’ both places the 
term appears and inserting ‘‘unique’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging State academic content standards and challenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘chal-lenging State academic standards’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘or 
B’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(4)— (i) by striking ‘‘special’’ and inserting 
‘‘unique’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 1114’’ each place 
the term appears and inserting ‘‘section 1113(c)’’; 
(6) in section 1307— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘nonprofit’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘welfare 
or educational attainment’’ and inserting ‘‘educational achievement’’; (7) in section 1308— 
(A) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting 
‘‘through’’ after ‘‘including’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘devel-
oping effective methods for’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) in the matter preceding clause (i), in 
the first sentence— 
(AA) by striking ‘‘ensure the linkage of mi-
grant student’’ and inserting ‘‘maintain’’; 
(BB) by striking ‘‘systems’’ and inserting 
‘‘system’’; 
(CC) by inserting ‘‘within and’’ before 
‘‘among the States’’; and 
(DD) by striking ‘‘all migratory students’’ 
and inserting ‘‘all migratory children eligi-ble under this part’’; 
(bb) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘The Secretary shall ensure’’ and all that follows through ‘‘maintain.’’; 
(cc) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘Such elements’’ and inserting ‘‘Such information’’; and 
(dd) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘required’’; (II) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); 
(III) by inserting after subparagraph (A) 
the following: 
‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
maintain ongoing consultation with the States, local educational agencies, and other migratory student service providers on— 
‘‘(i) the effectiveness of the system de-
scribed in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) the ongoing improvement of such sys-
tem.’’; and 
(IV) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated 
by subclause (II)— 
(aa) by striking ‘‘the proposed data ele-
ments’’ and inserting ‘‘any new proposed data elements’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘Such publication shall 
occur not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001.’’; and 
(iii) by striking paragraph (4); and (8) in section 1309— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘non-
profit’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) M
IGRATORY AGRICULTURAL WORKER .— 
The term ‘migratory agricultural worker’ means an individual who made a qualifying move in the preceding 36 months and, after doing so, engaged in new temporary or sea-sonal employment or personal subsistence in agriculture, which may be dairy work or the initial processing of raw agricultural prod-
ucts. If an individual did not engage in such new employment soon after a qualifying move, such individual may be considered a migratory agricultural worker if the indi-vidual actively sought new employment and has a recent history of moves for agricul-tural employment. 
‘‘(3) M
IGRATORY CHILD .—The term ‘migra-
tory child’ means a child or youth who made a qualifying move in the preceding 36 months— 
‘‘(A) as a migratory agricultural worker or 
a migratory fisher; or 
‘‘(B) with, or to join, a parent or spouse 
who is a migratory agricultural worker or a migratory fisher. 
‘‘(4) M
IGRATORY FISHER .—The term ‘migra-
tory fisher’ means an individual who made a qualifying move in the preceding 36 months and, after doing so, engaged in new tem-porary or seasonal employment or personal subsistence in fishing. If the individual did not engage in such new employment soon after the move, the individual may be con-sidered a migratory fisher if the individual actively sought new employment and has a recent history of moves for fishing work. ‘‘(5) Q
UALIFYING MOVE .—The term ‘quali-
fying move’ means a move due to economic necessity— 
‘‘(A) from one residence to another resi-
dence; and 
‘‘(B) from one school district to another 
school district, except— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a State that is comprised 
of a single school district, wherein a quali-fying move is from one administrative area to another within such district; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a school district of more 
than 15,000 square miles, wherein a quali-fying move is a distance of 20 miles or more to a temporary residence to engage in a fish-ing activity; or 
‘‘(iii) in a case in which another exception 
applies, as defined by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 1014. PREVENTION AND INTERVENTION 
PROGRAMS FOR CHILDREN AND YOUTH WHO ARE NEGLECTED, DE-LINQUENT, OR AT-RISK. 
Part D of title I (20 U.S.C. 6421 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 1401(a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, tribal,’’ after ‘‘youth in 
local’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘challenging State aca-
demic content standards and challenging State student academic achievement stand-ards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State aca-demic standards’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and the 
involvement of their families and commu-nities’’ after ‘‘to ensure their continued edu-
cation’’; 
(2) in section 1412(b), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM PERCENTAGE .—The percent-
age in paragraph (1)(A) shall not be less than 85 percent.’’; 
(3) in section 1414— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘from 
correctional facilities to locally operated programs’’ and inserting ‘‘between correc-tional facilities and locally operated pro-grams’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘the program goals, objec-
tives, and performance measures established by the State’’ and inserting ‘‘the program objectives and outcomes established by the State’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(III) in subparagraph (C)— (aa) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(bb) by striking clause (ii) and redesig-
nating clause (iii) as clause (ii); and 
(cc) by striking clause (iv); and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) provide assurances that the State 
educational agency has established— 
‘‘(i) procedures to ensure the prompt re-en-
rollment of each student who has been placed in the juvenile justice system in sec-ondary school or in a re-entry program that best meets the needs of the student, includ-ing the transfer of credits that such student earns during placement; and 
‘‘(ii) opportunities for such students to 
participate in higher education or career pathways.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and respond to’’ after ‘‘to 
assess’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘and, to the extent prac-
ticable, provide for an assessment upon entry into a correctional facility’’ after ‘‘to be served under this subpart’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (6)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4719 July 7, 2015 
(I) by striking ‘‘carry out the evaluation 
requirements of section 9601 and how’’ and inserting ‘‘use’’; 
(II) by inserting ‘‘under section 9601’’ after 
‘‘recent evaluation’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘will be used’’; (iii) in paragraph (8)— (I) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘Public Law 105–220’’and 
inserting ‘‘the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (9)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and following’’ after 
‘‘youth prior to’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘and, to the extent prac-
ticable, to ensure that transition plans are in place’’ after ‘‘the local educational agency or alternative education program’’; 
(v) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘transi-
tion of children and youth from such facility 
or institution to’’ and inserting ‘‘transition of such children and youth between such fa-cility or institution and’’; 
(vi) in paragraph (16), by inserting ‘‘and ob-
tain a high school diploma’’ after ‘‘to en-courage the children and youth to reenter school’’; 
(vii) in paragraph (17), by inserting ‘‘cer-
tified or licensed’’ after ‘‘provides an assur-ance that’’; 
(viii) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ix) in paragraph (19), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(x) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(20) describes how the State agency will, 
to the extent feasible, identify youth who have come in contact with both the child welfare system and juvenile justice system and improve practices and expand the evi-dence-based intervention services to reduce school suspensions, expulsions, and referrals to law enforcement.’’; 
(4) in section 1415— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, without the need for re-
mediation,’’ after ‘‘transition’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘vocational or technical 
training’’ and inserting ‘‘career and tech-nical education’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking subparagraph (A), and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) may include— ‘‘(i) the acquisition of equipment; ‘‘(ii) pay-for-success initiatives that 
produce a measurable, clearly defined out-come that results in social benefit and direct cost savings to the local, State, or Federal Government; and 
‘‘(iii) providing targeted, evidence-based 
services for youth who have come in contact with both the child welfare system and juve-nile justice system;’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘content 
standards and student academic achieve-ment’’; and 
(bb) in clause (iii)— (AA) by striking ‘‘challenging State aca-
demic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(BB) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semi-
colon; 
(III) in subparagraph (C)— (aa) by striking ‘‘section 1120A’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 1117’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(IV) by striking subparagraph (D); and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
1120A’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1117’’; 
(5) in section 1416— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘challenging State aca-
demic content standards and student aca-demic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘complete secondary 
school, attain a secondary diploma’’ and in-serting ‘‘attain a high school diploma’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘pupil’’ and inserting ‘‘spe-
cialized instructional support’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘and, to the extent prac-
ticable, the development and implementa-tion of transition plans’’ after ‘‘children and youth described in paragraph (1)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘student 
progress’’ and inserting ‘‘and improve stu-dent achievement’’; 
(6) in section 1418(a)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) projects that facilitate the transition 
of children and youth between State-oper-ated institutions, or institutions in the State operated by the Secretary of the Inte-rior, and schools served by local educational agencies or schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; or’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ each place the 
term appears and inserting ‘‘career’’; and 
(ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘secondary’’ and inserting 
‘‘high’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, without the need for re-
mediation,’’ after ‘‘reentry’’; 
(7) in section 1419, by striking ‘‘for a fiscal 
year’’ and all that follows through ‘‘to pro-vide’’ and inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year to pro-vide’’; 
(8) in section 1421— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, with-
out the need for remediation,’’ after ‘‘youth’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education,’’ after ‘‘local schools’’; 
(9) in section 1422(d)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, which may include the 
nonacademic needs,’’ after ‘‘to meet the transitional and academic needs’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘impact on meeting the 
transitional’’ and inserting ‘‘impact on meeting such transitional’’; 
(10) in section 1423— (A) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding such facilities operated by the Sec-retary of the Interior and Indian tribes’’ after ‘‘the juvenile justice system’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) a description of the activities that the 
local educational agency will carry out to fa-cilitate the successful transition of children and youth in locally operated institutions for neglected and delinquent children and other correctional institutions into schools served by the local educational agency or, as appropriate, into career and technical edu-cation and postsecondary education pro-grams;’’; 
(C) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘and fam-
ily members’’ after ‘‘will involve parents’’; 
(D) in paragraph (9)— (i) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Public Law 105–220’’ and 
inserting ‘‘the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act’’; 
(E) by striking paragraph (11) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(11) as appropriate, a description of how 
the local educational agency and schools will address the educational needs of children and youth who return from institutions for ne-glected and delinquent children and youth or from correctional institutions and attend 
regular or alternative schools;’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘partici-
pating schools’’ and inserting ‘‘the local edu-cational agency’’; 
(11) in section 1424— 
(A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, includ-
ing’’ and all that follows through ‘‘gang members’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; 
and 
(C) in paragraph (5), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(D) by inserting the following after para-
graph (5): 
‘‘(6) programs for at-risk Indian children 
and youth, including such children and youth in correctional facilities in the area 
served by the local educational agency that are operated by the Secretary of the Interior or Indian tribes; and 
‘‘(7) pay-for-success initiatives that 
produce a measurable, clearly defined out-come that results in social benefit and direct cost savings to the local, State, or Federal government.’’; 
(12) in section 1425— (A) in paragraph (4)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and obtain a high school 
diploma’’ after ‘‘reenter school’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or seek a secondary school 
diploma or its recognized equivalent’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘high aca-
demic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards’’; 
(C) in paragraph (9)— (i) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Public Law 105–220’’ and 
inserting ‘‘the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act’’; 
(D) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(E) in paragraph (11), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) to the extent practicable, develop an 
initial educational services and transition plan for each child or youth served under this subpart upon entry into the correctional facility, in partnership with the child’s or youth’s family members and the local edu-cational agency that most recently provided services to the child or youth (if applicable), consistent with section 1414(a)(1); and 
‘‘(13) consult with the local educational 
agency for a period jointly determined nec-essary by the correctional facility and local educational agency upon discharge from that facility, to coordinate educational services so as to minimize disruption to the child’s or youth’s achievement.’’; 
(13) in section 1426(2), by striking ‘‘sec-
ondary’’ and inserting ‘‘high’’; 
(14) in section 1431(a)— (A) by striking ‘‘secondary’’ each place the 
term appears and inserting ‘‘high’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and to 
graduate from high school in the standard number of years’’ after ‘‘educational achievement’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or 
school operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education’’ after ‘‘local educational agency’’; and 
(15) in section 1432(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘has limited English pro-
ficiency’’ and inserting ‘‘is an English learn-er’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘or has a high absenteeism 
rate at school.’’ and inserting ‘‘has a high ab-senteeism rate at school, or has other life conditions that make the individual at high 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4720 July 7, 2015 
risk for dependency or delinquency adjudica-
tion.’’. 
SEC. 1015. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Title I (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amended— (1) by striking parts E, F, G, and H; (2) by redesignating part I as part E; (3) by striking sections 1907 and 1908; (4) by redesignating sections 1901, 1902, 
1903, 1905, and 1906 as sections 1501, 1502, 1503, 1504, and 1505, respectively; 
(5) in section 1501, as redesignated by para-
graph (4)— 
(A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, in ac-
cordance with subsections (b) through (d),’’ after ‘‘may issue’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘prin-
cipals, other school leaders (including char-ter school leaders),’’ after ‘‘teachers,’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘All information from such re-gional meetings and electronic exchanges shall be made public in an easily accessible manner to interested parties.’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking 
‘‘standards and assessments’’ and inserting ‘‘standards, assessments, the State account-ability system under section 1111(b)(3), school intervention and support under sec-tion 1114, and the requirement that funds be supplemented and not supplanted under sec-tion 1117;’’; 
(iv) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) P
ROCESS .—Such process shall not be 
subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act, but shall, unless otherwise provided as described in subsection (c), follow the provi-sions of the Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990 (5 U.S.C. 561 et seq.).’’; and 
(v) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(5) E
MERGENCY SITUATION .—In an emer-
gency situation in which regulations to carry out this title must be issued within a very limited time to assist State educational agencies and local educational agencies with the operation of a program under this title, the Secretary may issue a proposed regula-tion without following such process but shall— 
‘‘(A) designate the proposed regulation as 
an emergency with an explanation of the emergency in a notice provided to Congress; 
‘‘(B) publish the duration of the comment 
and review period in such notice and in the Federal Register; and 
‘‘(C) conduct regional meetings to review 
such proposed regulation before issuing any final regulation.’’; 
(C) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); 
(D) by inserting after subsection (b) the 
following: 
‘‘(c) A
LTERNATIVE PROCESS IF FAILURE TO  
REACH CONSENSUS .—If consensus, as defined 
in section 562 of title 5, United States Code, on any proposed regulation is not reached by the individuals selected under paragraph (3)(B) for the negotiated rulemaking process, or if the Secretary determines that a nego-tiated rulemaking process is unnecessary, the Secretary may propose a regulation in the following manner: 
‘‘(1) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not less than 30 
days prior to issuing a notice of proposed rulemaking in the Federal Register, the Sec-retary shall provide to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representa-tives, and other relevant congressional com-mittees, notice of the Secretary’s intent to issue a notice of proposed rulemaking that shall include— 
‘‘(A) a copy of the regulation to be pro-
posed; ‘‘(B) a justification of the need to issue a 
regulation; 
‘‘(C) the anticipated burden, including the 
time, cost, and paperwork burden, the regu-lations will impose on State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, and other entities that may be impacted by the regulation; 
‘‘(D) the anticipated benefits to State edu-
cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, schools, and other entities that may be impacted by the regulation; 
‘‘(E) any regulations that will be repealed 
when the new regulations are issued; and 
‘‘(F) an opportunity to comment on the in-
formation in subparagraphs (A) through (E). 
‘‘(2) C
OMMENT PERIOD FOR CONGRESS .—The 
Secretary shall provide Congress with a 15- day period, beginning after the date on which the Secretary provided the notice of any proposed rulemaking to Congress under paragraph (1), to make comments on the pro-posed rule. After addressing all comments re-ceived from Congress during such period, the Secretary may proceed with the rulemaking process under section 553 of title 5, United States Code, as modified by this section. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC COMMENT AND REVIEW PERIOD .— 
The public comment and review period for any proposed regulation shall be not less than 90 days unless an emergency requires a shorter period, in which case the Secretary shall comply with the process outlined in subsection (b)(5). 
‘‘(4) A
SSESSMENT .—No regulation shall be 
made final after the comment and review pe-riod described in paragraph (3) until the Sec-retary has published in the Federal Reg-ister— 
‘‘(A) an assessment of the proposed regula-
tion that— 
‘‘(i) includes a representative sampling of 
local educational agencies based on enroll-ment, geographic diversity (including subur-ban, urban, and rural local educational agen-cies), and other factors impacted by the pro-posed regulation; 
‘‘(ii) addresses the burden, including the 
time, cost, and paperwork burden, that the regulation will impose on State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, and other entities that may be impacted by the regulation; 
‘‘(iii) addresses the benefits to State edu-
cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, schools, and other entities that may be impacted by the regulation; and 
‘‘(iv) thoroughly addresses, based on the 
comments received during the comment and review period under paragraph (3), whether the rule is financially and operationally via-ble at the local level; and 
‘‘(B) an explanation of how the entities de-
scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii) may cover the cost of the burden assessed under such subparagraph.’’; and 
(E) by inserting after subsection (d), as re-
designated by subparagraph (C), the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section affects the applicability of sub-chapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Administrative Procedure Act’) or chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘Congressional Review Act’).’’; 
(6) in section 1502(a), as redesignated by 
paragraph (4)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘section 1901’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 1501’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘or provides a written’’ and 
all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘or, where negotiated rule-making is not pursued, shall conform to sec-tion 1501(c).’’; and 
(7) in section 1503, as redesignated by para-
graph (4)— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘stu-
dent academic achievement’’ and inserting ‘‘academic’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘, in-
cluding vocational educators’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (G) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(G) specialized instructional support per-
sonnel; 
‘‘(H) representatives of charter schools, as 
appropriate; and 
‘‘(I) paraprofessionals.’’. 
SEC. 1016. REPORT ON SUBGROUP SAMPLE SIZE. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Institute of Education Sciences shall publish a report on best practices for determining valid, reliable, and statistically significant minimum numbers of students for each of the categories of students, as de-fined in section 1111(b)(3)(A) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(3)(A)) (as amended by this Act), for the purposes of inclusion as cat-egories of students in an accountability sys-tem described in section 1111(b)(3) of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(3)) (as amended by this Act) and how such minimum number that is determined will not reveal personally identi-fiable information about students. 
(b) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences shall work with the Department of Education’s ex-isting technical assistance providers and dis-semination networks to ensure that the re-port described under subsection (a) is widely disseminated— 
(1) to the public, State educational agen-
cies, local educational agencies, and schools; and 
(2) through electronic transfer and other 
means, such as posting the report on the website of the Institute of Education Sciences or in another relevant place. 
SEC. 1017. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF 
EDUCATIONAL STABILITY OF CHIL-DREN IN FOSTER CARE. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Edu-cation and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the implementation of section 1111(c)(1)(L) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(c)(1)(L)), including the progress made and the remaining bar-riers relating to such implementation. 
TITLE II—HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, 
PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS 
SEC. 2001. TRANSFER OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS. 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating subpart 5 of part C of 
title II (20 U.S.C. 6731 et seq.) as subpart 3 of part F of title IX, as redesignated by section 9106(1), and moving that subpart to the end of part F of title IX; 
(2) by redesignating sections 2361 through 
2368 as sections 9541 through 9548, respec-tively; 
(3) in section 9546(b), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by striking the matter fol-lowing paragraph (2) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(3) A State law that makes a limitation of 
liability inapplicable if the civil action was brought by an officer of a State or local gov-ernment pursuant to State or local law.’’; 
(4) by redesignating subpart 4 of part D of 
title II as subpart 4 of part F of title IX, as redesignated by section 9106(1), and moving that subpart to follow subpart 3 of part F of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4721 July 7, 2015 
title IX, as redesignated and moved by para-
graph (1); 
(5) by redesignating section 2441 as section 
9551; and 
(6) by striking the subpart heading of sub-
part 4 of part F of title IX, as redesignated by paragraph (4), and inserting the following: 
‘‘Subpart 4—Internet Safety’’. 
SEC. 2002. PREPARING, TRAINING, AND RECRUIT-
ING HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS. 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amended 
by striking title II (as amended by section 2001) and inserting the following: 
‘‘TITLE II—PREPARING, TRAINING, AND 
RECRUITING HIGH-QUALITY TEACHERS, PRINCIPALS, AND OTHER SCHOOL LEADERS 
‘‘SEC. 2001. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to improve 
student academic achievement by— 
‘‘(1) increasing the ability of local edu-
cational agencies, schools, teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders to provide a well-rounded and complete education for all students; 
‘‘(2) improving the quality and effective-
ness of teachers, principals, and other school leaders; 
‘‘(3) increasing the number of teachers, 
principals, and other school leaders who are effective in improving student academic achievement in schools; and 
‘‘(4) ensuring that low-income and minor-
ity students are served by effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders and have access to a high-quality instructional pro-gram. 
‘‘SEC. 2002. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this title: ‘‘(1) S
CHOOL LEADER RESIDENCY PROGRAM .— 
The term ‘school leader residency program’ means a school-based principal, school lead-er, or principal and school leader preparation program in which a prospective principal or school leader— 
‘‘(A) for 1 academic year, engages in sus-
tained and rigorous clinical learning with substantial leadership responsibilities and an opportunity to practice and be evaluated in an authentic school setting; and 
‘‘(B) during that academic year— ‘‘(i) participates in evidence-based 
coursework that is integrated with the clin-ical residency experience; and 
‘‘(ii) receives ongoing support from a men-
tor principal or school leader who is effec-tive. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘(3) T
EACHER RESIDENCY PROGRAM .—The 
term ‘teacher residency program’ means a school-based teacher preparation program in which a prospective teacher— 
‘‘(A) for not less than 1 academic year, 
teaches alongside an effective teacher, as de-termined by a teacher evaluation system im-plemented under part A (if applicable), who is the teacher of record for the classroom; 
‘‘(B) receives concurrent instruction dur-
ing the year described in subparagraph (A)— 
‘‘(i) through courses that may be taught by 
local educational agency personnel or by fac-ulty of the teacher preparation program; and 
‘‘(ii) in the teaching of the content area in 
which the teacher will become certified or li-censed; and 
‘‘(C) acquires effective teaching skills, as 
demonstrated through completion of a resi-dency program, or other measure determined by the State, which may include a teacher performance assessment. 
‘‘SEC. 2003. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TO STATES AND LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—For the purposes of carrying out part A (other than section 2105), 
there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—For the pur-
poses of carrying out activities authorized under section 2105, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(c) T
EACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER INCEN -
TIVE PROGRAM .—For the purposes of carrying 
out part B, there are authorized to be appro-priated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(d) A
MERICAN HISTORY AND CIVICS EDU-
CATION .—For the purposes of carrying out 
part C, there are authorized to be appro-priated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(e) L
ITERACY EDUCATION FOR ALL, RE-
SULTS FOR THE NATION .—For the purposes of 
carrying out part D, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be nec-essary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(f) STEM I
NSTRUCTION AND STUDENT  
ACHIEVEMENT .—For the purposes of carrying 
out part E, there are authorized to be appro-priated such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘PART A—FUND FOR THE IMPROVEMENT 
OF TEACHING AND LEARNING 
‘‘SEC. 2101. FORMULA GRANTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—From the 
total amount appropriated under section 2003(a) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) one-half of 1 percent for allotments for 
the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, to be distrib-uted among those outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with the purpose of this title; and 
‘‘(2) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary 
of the Interior for programs under this part in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) H OLD HARMLESS .— 
‘‘(A) F ISCAL YEARS 2016 THROUGH 2021 .—For 
each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, subject to paragraph (2) and subparagraph (C), from the funds appropriated under section 2003(a) for a fiscal year that remain after the Sec-retary makes the reservations under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall allot to each State an amount equal to the total amount that such State received for fiscal year 2001 under— 
‘‘(i) section 2202(b) of this Act (as in effect 
on the day before the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001); and 
‘‘(ii) section 306 of the Department of Edu-
cation Appropriations Act, 2001 (as enacted into law by section 1(a)(1) of Public Law 106- 554). 
‘‘(B) R
ATABLE REDUCTION .—If the funds de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) are insufficient to pay the full amounts that all States are eligible to receive under subparagraph (A) for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall rat-ably reduce those amounts for the fiscal year. 
‘‘(C) P
ERCENTAGE REDUCTION .—For each of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2021, the amount in subparagraph (A) shall be reduced by a per-centage equal to the product of 14.29 percent and the number of years between the fiscal year for which the determination is being made and fiscal year 2015. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOTMENT OF ADDITIONAL FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), for any fiscal year for which the funds appropriated under section 2003(a) and not reserved under subsection (a) exceed the total amount required to make allotments 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall allot to each State the sum of— 
‘‘(i) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 20 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individ-uals in all such States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(ii) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 80 percent of the excess amount as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the pov-erty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so de-termined. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—No State receiving an al-
lotment under subparagraph (A) may receive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total excess amount allotted under such subpara-graph for a fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) F
ISCAL YEAR 2022 AND SUCCEEDING FIS -
CAL YEARS .—For fiscal year 2022 and each of 
the succeeding fiscal years, the Secretary shall allot funds appropriated under section 2003(a) and not reserved under subsection (a) to each State in accordance with paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) R
EALLOTMENT .—If any State does not 
apply for an allotment under this subsection for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE USE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided for 
under paragraph (3), each State that receives an allotment under subsection (b) for a fiscal year shall reserve not less than 95 percent of such allotment to make subgrants to local educational agencies for such fiscal year, as described in section 2102. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—A State edu-
cational agency may use not more than 1 percent of the amount allotted to such State under subsection (b) for the administrative costs of carrying out such State educational agency’s responsibilities under this part. 
‘‘(3) P
RINCIPALS AND OTHER SCHOOL LEAD -
ERS.—Notwithstanding paragraph (1) and in 
addition to funds otherwise available for ac-tivities under paragraph (4), a State edu-cational agency may reserve not more than 3 percent of the amount reserved for sub-grants to local educational agencies under paragraph (1) for activities for principals and other school leaders described in paragraph (4), if such reservation would not result in a lower allocation to local educational agen-cies under section 2102, as compared to such allocation for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(4) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The State educational 
agency for a State that receives an allot-ment under subsection (b) may use funds not reserved under paragraph (1) to carry out 1 or more of the activities described in sub-paragraph (B), which may be implemented in conjunction with a State agency of higher education (if such agencies are separate) and carried out through a grant or contract with a for-profit or nonprofit entity, including an institution of higher education. 
‘‘(B) T
YPES OF STATE ACTIVITIES .—The ac-
tivities described in this subparagraph are the following: 
‘‘(i) Reforming teacher, principal, and 
other school leader certification, recertifi-cation, licensing, or tenure systems or prepa-ration program standards and approval proc-esses to ensure that— 
‘‘(I) teachers have the necessary subject- 
matter knowledge and teaching skills, as demonstrated through measures determined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4722 July 7, 2015 
by the State, which may include teacher per-
formance assessments, in the academic sub-jects that the teachers teach to help stu-dents meet challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(II) principals and other school leaders 
have the instructional leadership skills to help teachers teach and to help students meet such challenging State academic stand-ards; and 
‘‘(III) teacher certification or licensing re-
quirements are aligned with such chal-lenging State academic standards. 
‘‘(ii) Developing, improving, or providing 
assistance to local educational agencies to support the design and implementation of teacher, principal, and other school leader evaluation and support systems that are based in part on evidence of student aca-demic achievement, which may include stu-dent growth, and shall include multiple measures of educator performance and pro-vide clear, timely, and useful feedback to teachers, principals, and other schools lead-ers, such as by— 
‘‘(I) developing and disseminating high- 
quality evaluation tools, such as classroom observation rubrics, and methods, including training and auditing, for ensuring inter- rater reliability of evaluation results; 
‘‘(II) developing and providing training to 
principals, other school leaders, coaches, mentors, and evaluators on how to accu-rately differentiate performance, provide useful and timely feedback, and use evalua-tion results to inform decisionmaking about professional development, improvement strategies, and personnel decisions; and 
‘‘(III) developing a system for auditing the 
quality of evaluation and support systems. 
‘‘(iii) Improving equitable access to effec-
tive teachers, principals, and other school leaders. 
‘‘(iv) Carrying out programs that establish, 
expand, or improve alternative routes for State certification of teachers (especially for teachers of children with disabilities, English learners, science, technology, engi-neering, mathematics, or other areas where the State demonstrates a shortage of edu-cators), principals, and other school leaders, for— 
‘‘(I) individuals with a baccalaureate or 
master’s degree, or other advanced degree; 
‘‘(II) mid-career professionals from other 
occupations; 
‘‘(III) paraprofessionals; ‘‘(IV) former military personnel; and ‘‘(V) recent graduates of institutions of 
higher education with records of academic distinction who demonstrate the potential to 
become highly effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders. 
‘‘(v) Developing, improving, and imple-
menting mechanisms to assist local edu-cational agencies and schools in effectively recruiting and retaining teachers, principals, and other school leaders who are effective in improving student academic achievement, including highly effective teachers from underrepresented minority groups and teach-ers with disabilities, such as through— 
‘‘(I) opportunities for a cadre of effective 
teachers to lead evidence-based professional development for their peers; 
‘‘(II) career opportunities for teachers to 
grow as leaders, including hybrid roles that allow teachers to voluntarily serve as men-tors or academic coaches while remaining in the classroom; and 
‘‘(III) providing training and support for 
teacher leaders and school leaders who are recruited as part of instructional leadership teams. 
‘‘(vi) Fulfilling the State educational agen-
cy’s responsibilities concerning proper and efficient administration and monitoring of the programs carried out under this part, in-cluding provision of technical assistance to 
local educational agencies. 
‘‘(vii) Developing, or assisting local edu-
cational agencies in developing— 
‘‘(I) teacher advancement initiatives that 
promote professional growth and emphasize multiple career paths, such as school leader-ship, mentoring, involvement with school intervention and support, and instructional coaching; 
‘‘(II) strategies that provide differential 
pay, or other incentives, to recruit and re-tain teachers in high-need academic subjects and teachers, principals, or other school leaders, in low-income schools and school districts, which may include performance- based pay systems; and 
‘‘(III) new teacher, principal, and other 
school leader induction and mentoring pro-grams that are evidence-based and designed to— 
‘‘(aa) improve classroom instruction and 
student learning and achievement; 
‘‘(bb) increase the retention of effective 
teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers; 
‘‘(cc) improve school leadership to improve 
classroom instruction and student learning and achievement; and 
‘‘(dd) provide opportunities for teachers, 
principals, and other school leaders who are experienced, are effective, and have dem-onstrated an ability to work with adult learners to be mentors. 
‘‘(viii) Providing assistance to local edu-
cational agencies for— 
‘‘(I) the development and implementation 
of high-quality professional development programs for principals that enable the prin-cipals to be effective and prepare all stu-dents to meet the challenging State aca-demic standards described in section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(II) the development and support of other 
school leadership programs to develop edu-cational leaders. 
‘‘(ix) Supporting efforts to train teachers, 
principals, and other school leaders to effec-tively integrate technology into curricula and instruction, which may include blended learning projects that include an element of online learning, combined with supervised learning time and student-led learning, in which the elements are connected to provide an integrated learning experience. 
‘‘(x) Providing training, technical assist-
ance, and capacity-building to local edu-cational agencies that receive a subgrant under this part. 
‘‘(xi) Supporting teacher, principal, and 
other school leader residency programs. 
‘‘(xii) Reforming or improving teacher, 
principal, and other school leader prepara-tion programs. 
‘‘(xiii) Supporting the instructional serv-
ices provided by school librarians. 
‘‘(xiv) Supporting the instructional serv-
ices provided by athletic administrators, such as through professional development or relevant State certification or licensure for such administrators. 
‘‘(xv) Developing, or assisting local edu-
cational agencies in developing, strategies that provide teachers, principals, and other school leaders with the skills, credentials, or certifications needed to educate all students in postsecondary education coursework through early college high school or dual or concurrent enrollment courses or programs. 
‘‘(xvi) Providing training for all school per-
sonnel, including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional sup-port personnel, and paraprofessionals, re-garding how to prevent and recognize child sexual abuse. 
‘‘(xvii) Supporting principals, other school 
leaders, teachers, teacher leaders, para-professionals, early childhood education pro-gram directors, and other early childhood 
education program providers to participate in efforts to align and promote quality early learning experiences from prekindergarten through grade 3. 
‘‘(xviii) Developing and providing profes-
sional development and instructional mate-rials for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects, including com-puter science. 
‘‘(xix) Supporting the efforts of teachers, 
principals, and other school leaders to inte-grate academic and career and technical edu-cation content into instructional practices. 
‘‘(xx) Supporting other activities identified 
by the State that are evidence-based and that meet the purpose of this title. 
‘‘(d) S
TATE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under this section for any fiscal year, a State shall submit a plan to the Sec-retary, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each plan described under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will use funds received under this title for State-level activities de-scribed in subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) A description of the State’s system of 
certification, licensing, and professional growth and improvement, such as clinical experience for prospective educators, support for new educators, professional development, professional growth and leadership opportu-nities, and compensation systems for teach-ers, principals, and other educators. 
‘‘(C) A description of how activities under 
this part are aligned with challenging State academic standards and State assessments under section 1111, which may include, as ap-propriate, relevant State early learning and developmental guidelines, as required under section 658E(c)(2)(T) of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858c(c)(2)(T)). 
‘‘(D) A description of how the activities 
using funds under this part are expected to improve student achievement. 
‘‘(E) If a State educational agency plans to 
use funds under this part to improve equi-table access to effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders, a description of how such funds will be used to meet the State’s commitment described in section 1111(c)(1)(F) to ensure equitable access to ef-fective teachers, principals, and school lead-ers. 
‘‘(F) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will monitor the implemen-tation of activities under this part and pro-vide technical assistance to local edu-cational agencies in carrying out such ac-tivities. 
‘‘(G) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will work in consultation with the entity responsible for teacher and principal professional standards, certifi-cation, and licensing for the State, and en-courage collaboration between educator preparation programs, the State, and local educational agencies to promote the readi-ness of new educators entering the profes-sion. 
‘‘(H) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will improve the skills of teachers, principals, and other school leaders in order to enable them to identify students with specific learning needs, particularly students with disabilities, English learners, students who are gifted and talented, and students with low literacy levels, and pro-vide instruction based on the needs of such students. 
‘‘(I) A description of how the State will use 
data and ongoing consultation with and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4723 July 7, 2015 
input from teachers and teacher organiza-
tions, principals, other school leaders, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, par-ents, community partners, and (where appli-cable) institutions of higher education, to continually update and improve the activi-ties supported under this part. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the 
State plan under this subsection, a State shall— 
‘‘(A) involve teachers, teacher organiza-
tions, principals, other school leaders, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, par-ents, community partners, and other organi-zations or partners with relevant and dem-onstrated expertise in programs and activi-ties designed to meet the purpose of this title; 
‘‘(B) seek advice from the individuals, or-
ganizations, or partners described in sub-paragraph (A) regarding how best to improve the State’s activities to meet the purpose of this title; and 
‘‘(C) coordinate the State’s activities under 
this part with other related strategies, pro-grams, and activities being conducted in the State. 
‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Fed-eral Government to mandate, direct, or con-trol any of the following: 
‘‘(1) The development, improvement, or im-
plementation of elements of any teacher, principal, or school leader evaluation sys-tems. 
‘‘(2) Any State or local educational agen-
cy’s definition of teacher, principal, or other school leader effectiveness. 
‘‘(3) Any teacher, principal, or other school 
leader professional standards, certification, or licensing. 
‘‘SEC. 2102. SUBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) A LLOCATION OF FUNDS TO LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From funds reserved by a 
State under section 2101(c)(1) for a fiscal year, the State, acting through the State educational agency, shall award subgrants to eligible local educational agencies from allo-cations described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION FORMULA .—From the funds 
described in paragraph (1), the State edu-cational agency shall allocate to each of the eligible local educational agencies in the State for a fiscal year the sum of— 
‘‘(A) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 20 percent of such funds for such fiscal year as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 in the geographic area served by the agency, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individ-uals in the geographic areas served by all eli-gible local educational agencies in the State, as so determined; and 
‘‘(B) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 80 percent of the funds for such fiscal year as the number of individuals aged 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the geographic area served by the agency, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in the geographic areas served by all the eligible local educational agencies in the State, as so determined. 
‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Of the 
amounts allocated to a local educational agency under paragraph (2), the local edu-cational agency may use not more than 2 percent for the direct administrative costs of carrying out its responsibilities under this part. 
‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to prohibit a consortium of local educational agencies that are designated with a school locale code 
of 41, 42, or 43, or such local educational agencies designated with a school locale code of 41, 42, or 43 that work in cooperation with an educational service agency, from volun-tarily combining allocations received under this part for the collective use of funding by the consortium for activities under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a subgrant under this section, a local edu-cational agency shall conduct a needs assess-ment described in paragraph (2) and submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
‘‘(2) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a subgrant under this section, a local edu-cational agency shall periodically conduct a comprehensive needs assessment of the local educational agency and of all schools served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The needs assess-
ment under subparagraph (A) shall be de-signed to determine the schools with the most acute staffing needs related to— 
‘‘(i) increasing the number of teachers, 
principals, and other school leaders who are effective in improving student academic achievement; 
‘‘(ii) ensuring that low-income and minor-
ity students are not disproportionately served by ineffective teachers, principals, and other school leaders; 
‘‘(iii) ensuring that low-income and minor-
ity students have access to— 
‘‘(I) a high-quality instructional program 
(such as opportunities for high-quality post-secondary education coursework through an early college high school or a dual or concur-rent enrollment program); and 
‘‘(II) class sizes that are appropriate and 
evidence-based; 
‘‘(iv) hiring, retention, and advancement 
and leadership opportunities for effective teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers; 
‘‘(v) supporting and developing all edu-
cators, including preschool, kindergarten, el-ementary, middle, or high school teachers (including special education and career and 
technical education teachers), principals, other school leaders, early childhood direc-tors, specialized instructional support per-sonnel, paraprofessionals, or other staff members who provide or directly support in-struction; 
‘‘(vi) understanding and using data and as-
sessments to improve student learning and classroom practice; 
‘‘(vii) improving student behavior, includ-
ing the response of teachers, principals, and other school leaders to student behavior, in the classroom and school, including the iden-tification of early and appropriate interven-tions, which may include positive behavioral interventions and supports; 
‘‘(viii) teaching students who are English 
learners, children who are in early childhood education programs, children with disabil-ities, American Indian children, Alaskan Na-tive children, and gifted and talented stu-dents; 
‘‘(ix) ensuring that funds are used to sup-
port schools served by the local educational agency that are identified under section 1114(a)(1)(A) and schools with high percent-ages or numbers of children counted under section 1124(c); 
‘‘(x) improving the academic and non-aca-
demic skills of all students that are essential for learning readiness and academic success; and 
‘‘(xi) any other evidence-based factors that 
the local educational agency determines are appropriate to meet the needs of schools 
within the jurisdiction of the local edu-cational agency and meet the purpose of this title. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In conducting a needs 
assessment described in paragraph (2), a local educational agency shall— 
‘‘(i) involve teachers, teacher organiza-
tions, principals, and other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, parents, community partners, and others with relevant and demonstrated expertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this title; and 
‘‘(ii) take into account the activities that 
need to be conducted in order to give teach-ers, principals, and other school leaders the skills to provide students with the oppor-tunity to meet challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(B) C
ONTINUED CONSULTATION .—A local 
educational agency receiving a subgrant under this section shall consult with such in-dividuals and organizations described in sub-paragraph (A) on an ongoing basis in order to— 
‘‘(i) seek advice regarding how best to im-
prove the local educational agency’s activi-ties to meet the purpose of this title; and 
‘‘(ii) coordinate the local educational agen-
cy’s activities under this part with other re-lated strategies, programs, and activities being conducted in the community. 
‘‘(4) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .—Each ap-
plication submitted under paragraph (1) shall be based on the results of the needs assess-ment required under paragraph (2) and shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of the results of the 
comprehensive needs assessment carried out under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) A description of the activities to be 
carried out by the local educational agency under this section and how these activities will be aligned with the challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(C) A description of how such activities 
will comply with the principles of effective-ness described in section 2103(c). 
‘‘(D) A description of the activities, includ-
ing professional development, that will be made available to meet needs identified by the needs assessment described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(E) A description of the local educational 
agency’s systems of hiring and professional growth and improvement, such as induction for teachers, principals, and other school leaders. 
‘‘(F) A description of how the local edu-
cational agency will support efforts to train teachers, principals, and other school leaders to effectively integrate technology into cur-ricula and instruction. 
‘‘(G) A description of how the local edu-
cational agency will prioritize funds to schools served by the agency that are identi-fied under section 1114(a)(1)(A) and have the highest percentage or number of children counted under section 1124(c). 
‘‘(H) Where a local educational agency has 
a significant number of schools identified under section 1114(a)(1)(A), as determined by the State, a description of how the local edu-cational agency will seek the input of the State educational agency in planning and implementing activities under this part. 
‘‘(I) A description of how the local edu-
cational agency will increase and improve opportunities for meaningful teacher leader-ship and for building the capacity of teach-ers. 
‘‘(J) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will comply with section 9501 (regarding participation by private school children and teachers). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4724 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(K) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will coordinate professional development activities authorized under this part with professional development activi-ties provided through other Federal, State, and local programs. 
‘‘SEC. 2103. LOCAL USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A local educational 
agency that receives a subgrant under sec-tion 2102 shall use the funds made available through the subgrant to develop, implement, and evaluate comprehensive, evidence-based programs and activities described in sub-section (b), which may be carried out through a grant or contract with a for-profit or nonprofit entity, in partnership with an institution of higher education, or in part-nership with an Indian tribe or tribal organi-zation (as defined under section 4 of the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)). 
‘‘(b) T
YPES OF ACTIVITIES .—The activities 
described in this subsection— 
‘‘(1) shall meet the needs identified in the 
needs assessment described in section 2102(b)(2); 
‘‘(2) shall be in accordance with the pur-
pose of this title, evidence-based, and con-sistent with the principles of effectiveness described in subsection (c); 
‘‘(3) shall address the learning needs of all 
students, including children with disabil-ities, English learners, and gifted and tal-ented students; and 
‘‘(4) may include, among other programs 
and activities— 
‘‘(A) developing or improving a rigorous, 
transparent, and fair evaluation and support system for teachers, principals, and other school leaders that is based in part on evi-dence of student achievement, which may in-clude student growth, and shall include mul-tiple measures of educator performance and provide clear, timely, and useful feedback to teachers, principals, and other schools lead-ers; 
‘‘(B) developing and implementing initia-
tives to assist in recruiting, hiring, and re-taining highly effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders, particularly in low- income schools with high percentages of in-effective teachers and high percentages of students who do not meet the challenging State academic standards described in sec-tion 1111(b)(1), to improve within-district eq-uity in the distribution of teachers, prin-cipals, and school leaders consistent with the requirements of section 1111(c)(1)(F), such as initiatives that provide— 
‘‘(i) expert help in screening candidates 
and enabling early hiring; 
‘‘(ii) differential and incentive pay for 
teachers, principals, and other school leaders in high-need academic subject areas and spe-cialty areas, which may include perform-ance-based pay systems; 
‘‘(iii) teacher, paraprofessional, principal, 
and other school leader advancement and professional growth, and an emphasis on leadership opportunities, multiple career paths and pay differentiation; 
‘‘(iv) new teacher, principal, and other 
school leader induction and mentoring pro-grams that are designed to— 
‘‘(I) improve classroom instruction and 
student learning and achievement; 
‘‘(II) increase the retention of effective 
teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers; 
‘‘(III) improve school leadership to improve 
classroom instruction and student learning and achievement; and 
‘‘(IV) provide opportunities for mentor 
teachers, principals, and other educators who are experienced, are effective, and have demonstrated an ability to work with adult learners; ‘‘(v) the development and provision of 
training for school leaders, coaches, mentors and evaluators on how to accurately dif-ferentiate performance, provide useful feed-back, and use evaluation results to inform decisionmaking about professional develop-ment, improvement strategies, and personnel decisions; and 
‘‘(vi) a system for auditing the quality of 
evaluation and support systems; 
‘‘(C) recruiting qualified individuals from 
other fields to become teachers, principals, or other school leaders including mid-career professionals from other occupations, former military personnel, and recent graduates of institutions of higher education with a 
record of academic distinction who dem-onstrate potential to become effective teach-ers, principals, or other school leaders; 
‘‘(D) reducing class size to an evidence- 
based level to improve student achievement through the recruiting and hiring of addi-tional effective teachers; 
‘‘(E) providing high-quality, personalized 
professional development for teachers, in-structional leadership teams, principals, and other school leaders, focused on improving teaching and student learning and achieve-ment, including supporting efforts to train teachers, principals, and other school leaders to— 
‘‘(i) effectively integrate technology into 
curricula and instruction (including edu-cation about the harms of copyright piracy); 
‘‘(ii) use data from such technology to im-
prove student achievement; 
‘‘(iii) effectively engage parents, families 
and community partners, and coordinate services between school and community; 
‘‘(iv) help all students develop the aca-
demic and nonacademic skills essential for learning readiness and academic success; and 
‘‘(v) develop policy with school, local edu-
cational agency, community, or State lead-ers; 
‘‘(F) developing programs and activities 
that increase the ability of teachers to effec-tively teach children with disabilities, in-cluding children with significant cognitive disabilities, which may include the use of multi-tier systems of support and positive behavioral intervention and supports, and students who are English learners, so that such children with disabilities and students who are English learners can meet the chal-lenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(G) providing programs and activities to 
increase— 
‘‘(i) the knowledge base of teachers, prin-
cipals, and other school leaders on instruc-tion in the early grades and on strategies to measure whether young children are pro-gressing; and 
‘‘(ii) the ability of principals and other 
school leaders to support teachers, teacher leaders, early childhood educators, and other professionals to meet the needs of students through age 8, which may include providing joint professional learning and planning ac-tivities for school staff and educators in pre-school programs that address the transition to elementary school; 
‘‘(H) providing training, technical assist-
ance, and capacity-building in local edu-cational agencies to assist teachers and school leaders with selecting and imple-menting formative assessments, designing classroom-based assessments, and using data from such assessments to improve instruc-tion and student academic achievement, which may include providing additional time for teachers to review student data and re-spond, as appropriate; 
‘‘(I) supporting teacher, principal, and 
school leader residency programs; ‘‘(J) reforming or improving teacher, prin-
cipal, and other school leader preparation programs; 
‘‘(K) carrying out in-service training for 
school personnel in— 
‘‘(i) the techniques and supports needed for 
early identification of children with trauma histories, and children with, or at risk of, mental illness; 
‘‘(ii) the use of referral mechanisms that 
effectively link such children to appropriate treatment and intervention services in the school and in the community, where appro-priate; and 
‘‘(iii) forming partnerships between school- 
based mental health programs and public or private mental health organizations; 
‘‘(L) providing training to support the 
identification of students who are gifted and talented, including high-ability students who have not been formally identified for gifted education services, and implementing in-structional practices that support the edu-cation of such students, such as— 
‘‘(i) early entrance to kindergarten; ‘‘(ii) enrichment, acceleration, and cur-
riculum compacting activities; and 
‘‘(iii) dual or concurrent enrollment in sec-
ondary school and postsecondary education; 
‘‘(M) supporting the instructional services 
provided by school librarians; 
‘‘(N) providing general liability insurance 
coverage for teachers related to actions per-formed in the scope of their duties; 
‘‘(O) providing training for all school per-
sonnel, including teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional sup-port personnel, and paraprofessionals, re-garding how to prevent and recognize child sexual abuse; 
‘‘(P) developing and providing professional 
development and instructional materials for science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subjects, including computer science; 
‘‘(Q) providing training for teachers, prin-
cipals, and other school leaders to address school climate issues such as school vio-lence, bullying, harassment, drug and alco-hol use and abuse, and rates of chronic ab-senteeism (including both excused and unex-cused absences); 
‘‘(R) increasing time for common planning, 
within and across content areas and grade 
levels; 
‘‘(S) increasing opportunities for teacher- 
designed and implemented professional de-velopment activities, which may include op-portunities for experiential learning through observation; 
‘‘(T) developing feedback mechanisms to 
improve school working conditions; 
‘‘(U) providing high-quality professional 
development for teachers, principals, and other school leaders on effective strategies to integrate academic and career and tech-nical education content, which may include common planning time; and 
‘‘(V) carrying out other evidence-based ac-
tivities identified by the local educational agency that meet the purpose of this title. 
‘‘(c) P
RINCIPLES OF EFFECTIVENESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For a program or activ-
ity supported with funds provided under this part to meet principles of effectiveness, such program or activity shall— 
‘‘(A) be based on an assessment of objective 
data regarding the need for programs and ac-tivities in the schools to be served to— 
‘‘(i) increase the number of teachers, prin-
cipals, and other school leaders who are ef-fective in improving student academic achievement; 
‘‘(ii) ensure that low-income and minority 
students are served by effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders; and 
‘‘(iii) ensure that low-income and minority 
students have access to a high-quality in-structional program; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4725 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(B) be based on established and evidence- 
based criteria— 
‘‘(i) aimed at ensuring that all students re-
ceive a high-quality education taught by ef-fective teachers and attend schools led by ef-fective principals and other school leaders; and 
‘‘(ii) that result in improved student aca-
demic achievement in the school served by the program or activity; and 
‘‘(C) include meaningful and ongoing con-
sultation with and input from teachers, teacher organizations, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional sup-port personnel, parents, community part-ners, and (where applicable) institutions of higher education, in the development of the application and administration of the pro-gram or activity. 
‘‘(2) P
ERIODIC EVALUATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A program or activity 
carried out under this section shall undergo a periodic evaluation to assess its progress toward achieving the goal of providing stu-dents with a high-quality education, taught by effective teachers, in schools led by effec-tive principals and school leaders that re-sults in improved student academic achieve-ment. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF RESULTS .—The results of an 
evaluation described in subparagraph (A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) used to refine, improve, and strengthen 
the program or activity, and to refine the criteria described in paragraph (1)(B); and 
‘‘(ii) made available to the public upon re-
quest, with public notice of such availability provided. 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, or control the principles of effectiveness de-veloped by local educational agencies under paragraph (1) or the specific programs or ac-tivities that will be implemented by a local educational agency. 
‘‘SEC. 2104. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) S TATE REPORT .—Each State edu-
cational agency receiving funds under this part shall annually submit to the Secretary a report that provides— 
‘‘(1) the number and percentage of teach-
ers, principals, and other school leaders in the State and each local educational agency in the State who are licensed or certified, provided such information does not reveal personally identifiable information; 
‘‘(2) the first-time passing rate of teachers 
and principals in the State and each local educational agency in the State on teacher and principal licensure examinations, pro-vided such information does not reveal per-sonally identifiable information; 
‘‘(3) a description of how chosen profes-
sional development activities improved teacher and principal performance; and 
‘‘(4) if funds are used under this part to im-
prove equitable access to teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders for low-in-come and minority students, a description of how funds have been used to improve such access. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REPORT .— 
Each local educational agency receiving funds under this part shall submit to the State educational agency such information as the State requires, which shall include the information described in subsection (a) for the local educational agency. 
‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY .—The reports and infor-
mation provided under subsections (a) and (b) shall be made readily available to the public. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION .—The reports and informa-
tion provided under subsections (a) and (b) shall not reveal personally identifiable infor-mation about any individual. ‘‘SEC. 2105. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES OF DEM-
ONSTRATED EFFECTIVENESS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the funds appro-
priated under section 2003(b) to carry out this section, the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) shall reserve such funds as are nec-
essary to carry out activities under sub-section (b); 
‘‘(2) shall reserve not less than 40 percent 
of the funds appropriated under such section to carry out activities under subsection (c); and 
‘‘(3) shall reserve not less than 40 percent 
of such funds to carry out activities under subsection (d). 
‘‘(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND NATIONAL  
EVALUATION .—From the funds reserved by 
the Secretary under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) shall establish, in a manner consistent 
with section 203 of the Educational Tech-nical Assistance Act of 2002, a comprehensive center on students at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability, which shall— 
‘‘(A) identify or develop free or low-cost 
evidence-based assessment tools for identi-fying students at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability, including dyslexia impacting reading and writing, or developmental delay impacting reading, writing, language processing, comprehen-sion, or executive functioning; 
‘‘(B) identify evidence-based literacy in-
struction, strategies, and accommodations, including assistive technology, designed to meet the specific needs of such students; 
‘‘(C) provide families of such students with 
information to assist such students; 
‘‘(D) identify or develop evidence-based 
professional development for teachers, para-professionals, principals, other school lead-ers, and specialized instructional support personnel to— 
‘‘(i) understand early indicators of stu-
dents at risk of not attaining full literacy skills due to a disability, including dyslexia impacting reading and writing, or develop-mental delay impacting reading, writing, language processing, comprehension, or ex-ecutive functioning; 
‘‘(ii) use evidence-based screening assess-
ments for early identification of such stu-dents beginning not later than kindergarten; and 
‘‘(iii) implement evidence-based instruc-
tion designed to meet the specific needs of such students; and 
‘‘(E) disseminate the products of the com-
prehensive center to regionally diverse State educational agencies, local educational agen-cies, regional educational agencies, and schools, including, as appropriate, through partnerships with other comprehensive cen-ters established under section 203 of the Edu-cational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 and regional educational laboratories established under section 174 of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002; and 
‘‘(2) may— ‘‘(A) provide technical assistance, which 
may be carried out directly or through grants or contracts, to States and local edu-cational agencies carrying out activities under this part; and 
‘‘(B) carry out evaluations of activities by 
States and local educational agencies under this part, which shall be conducted by a third party or by the Institute of Education Sciences. 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAMS OF NATIONAL SIGNIFI -
CANCE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
by the Secretary under subsection (a)(2), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities for the pur-poses of— ‘‘(A) providing teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders from nontraditional preparation and certification routes or path-ways to serve in traditionally underserved local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) providing evidence-based professional 
development activities that addresses lit-eracy, numeracy, remedial, or other needs of local educational agencies and the students the agencies serve; 
‘‘(C) making freely available services and 
learning opportunities to local educational agencies, through partnerships and coopera-tive agreements or by making the services or opportunities publicly accessible through electronic means; or 
‘‘(D) providing teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders with evidence-based pro-fessional enhancement activities, which may include activities that lead to an advanced credential. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM PERIODS AND DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded by the 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this subsection shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew 
a grant awarded under this subsection for 1 additional 2-year period. 
‘‘(C) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding 
grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible enti-ties that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(D) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
award more than 1 grant under this sub-section to an eligible entity during a grant competition. 
‘‘(3) C
OST-SHARING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this subsection shall provide, from non-Federal sources, not less than 25 percent of the funds for the total cost for each year of activities carried out under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) A
CCEPTABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .—An eligi-
ble entity that receives a grant under this subsection may meet the requirement of sub-paragraph (A) by providing contributions in cash or in kind, fairly evaluated, including plant, equipment, and services. 
‘‘(C) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive 
or modify the requirement of subparagraph (A) in cases of demonstrated financial hard-ship. 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICATIONS .—In order to receive a 
grant under this subsection, an eligible enti-ty shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. Such applica-tion shall include, at a minimum, a certifi-cation that the services provided by an eligi-ble entity under the grant to a local edu-cational agency or to a school served by the local educational agency will not result in direct fees for participating students or par-ents. 
‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) an institution of higher education 
that provides course materials or resources that are evidence-based in increasing aca-demic achievement, graduation rates, or rates of postsecondary education matricula-tion; 
‘‘(B) a national nonprofit entity with a 
demonstrated record of raising student aca-demic achievement, graduation rates, and rates of higher education attendance, ma-triculation, or completion, or of effective-ness in providing preparation and profes-sional development activities and programs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4726 July 7, 2015 
for teachers, principals, and other school 
leaders; or 
‘‘(C) a partnership consisting of— ‘‘(i) 1 or more entities described in sub-
paragraph (A) or (B); and 
‘‘(ii) a for-profit entity. 
‘‘(d) S
CHOOL LEADER RECRUITMENT AND  
SUPPORT PROGRAMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
by the Secretary under subsection (a)(3), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities to enable such entities to improve the recruitment, prepa-ration, placement, support, and retention of effective principals and other school leaders in high-need schools, which may include— 
‘‘(A) developing or implementing leader-
ship training programs designed to prepare and support principals and other school lead-ers in high-need schools, including through new or alternative pathways and school lead-er residency programs; 
‘‘(B) developing or implementing programs 
or activities for recruiting, selecting, and de-veloping aspiring or current principals and other school leaders to serve in high-need schools; 
‘‘(C) developing or implementing programs 
for recruiting, developing, and placing school leaders to improve schools identified for intervention and support under section 1114(a)(1)(A), including through cohort-based activities that build effective instructional and school leadership teams and develop a school culture, design, instructional pro-gram, and professional development program focused on improving student learning; 
‘‘(D) providing continuous professional de-
velopment for principals and other school leaders in high-need schools; 
‘‘(E) developing and disseminating infor-
mation on best practices and strategies for effective school leadership in high-need schools, such as training and supporting principals to identify, develop, and maintain school leadership teams using various lead-ership models; and 
‘‘(F) other evidence-based programs or ac-
tivities described in section 2101(c)(3) or sec-tion 2103(b)(4) focused on principals and other school leaders in high-need schools. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM PERIODS AND DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded by the 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this subsection shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew 
a grant awarded under this subsection for 1 additional 2-year period. 
‘‘(C) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding 
grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible enti-ties that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(D) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
award more than 1 grant under this sub-section to an eligible entity during a grant competition. 
‘‘(3) C
OST-SHARING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this subsection shall provide, from non-Federal sources, not less than 25 percent of the funds for the total cost for each year of activities carried out under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) A
CCEPTABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .—An eligi-
ble entity that receives a grant under this subsection may meet the requirement of sub-paragraph (A) by providing contributions in cash or in-kind, fairly evaluated, including plant, equipment, and services. 
‘‘(C) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive 
or modify the requirement of subparagraph (A) in cases of demonstrated financial hard-ship. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity that 
desires a grant under this subsection shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(5) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this subsection, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to an eligible entity with a record of preparing or developing principals who— 
‘‘(A) have improved school-level student 
outcomes; 
‘‘(B) have become principals in high-need 
schools; and 
‘‘(C) remain principals in high-need schools 
for multiple years. 
‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘eligible entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a local educational agency, including 
an educational service agency, that serves a high-need school or a consortium of such agencies; 
‘‘(ii) a State educational agency or a con-
sortium of such agencies; 
‘‘(iii) a State educational agency in part-
nership with 1 or more local educational agencies or educational service agencies that serve a high-need school; or 
‘‘(iv) an entity described in clause (i), (ii), 
or (iii) in partnership with 1 or more non-profit organizations or institutions of higher education; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘high-need school’ means— ‘‘(i) an elementary school in which not less 
than 50 percent of the enrolled students are from families with incomes below the pov-erty line; or 
‘‘(ii) a high school in which not less than 40 
percent of the enrolled students are from families with incomes below the poverty line. 
‘‘SEC. 2106. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds made available under this part 
shall be used to supplement, and not sup-plant, non-Federal funds that would other-
wise be used for activities authorized under this part. 
‘‘PART B—TEACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER 
INCENTIVE PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 2201. PURPOSES; DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this part 
are— 
‘‘(1) to assist States, local educational 
agencies, and nonprofit organizations to de-velop, implement, improve, or expand com-prehensive performance-based compensation systems or human capital management sys-tems for teachers, principals, and other school leaders (especially for teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders in high-need schools) who raise student academic achieve-ment and close the achievement gap between high- and low-performing students; and 
‘‘(2) to study and review performance-based 
compensation systems or human capital management systems for teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders to evaluate the effectiveness, fairness, quality, consist-ency, and reliability of the systems. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency, including 
a charter school that is a local educational agency, or a consortium of local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) a State educational agency or other 
State agency designated by the chief execu-tive of a State to participate under this part; or 
‘‘(C) a partnership consisting of— ‘‘(i) 1 or more agencies described in sub-
paragraph (A) or (B); and 
‘‘(ii) at least 1 nonprofit or for-profit enti-
ty. 
‘‘(2) H
IGH-NEED SCHOOL .—The term ‘high- 
need school’ means a public elementary school or secondary school that is located in 
an area in which the percentage of students from families with incomes below the pov-erty line is 30 percent or more. 
‘‘(3) H
UMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘human capital management 
system’ means a system— 
‘‘(A) by which a local educational agency 
makes and implements human capital deci-sions, such as decisions on preparation, re-cruitment, hiring, placement, retention, dis-missal, compensation, professional develop-ment, tenure, and promotion; and 
‘‘(B) that includes a performance-based 
compensation system. 
‘‘(4) P
ERFORMANCE -BASED COMPENSATION  
SYSTEM .—The term ‘performance-based com-
pensation system’ means a system of com-pensation for teachers, principals, and other school leaders that— 
‘‘(A) differentiates levels of compensation 
based in part on measurable increases in stu-dent academic achievement; and 
‘‘(B) may include— ‘‘(i) differentiated levels of compensation, 
which may include bonus pay, on the basis of the employment responsibilities and success of effective teachers, principals, and other school leaders in hard-to-staff schools or high-need subject areas; and 
‘‘(ii) recognition of the skills and knowl-
edge of teachers, principals, and other school leaders as demonstrated through— 
‘‘(I) successful fulfillment of additional re-
sponsibilities or job functions, such as teach-er leadership roles; and 
‘‘(II) evidence of professional achievement 
and mastery of content knowledge and supe-rior teaching and leadership skills. 
‘‘SEC. 2202. TEACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER IN-
CENTIVE FUND GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From the 
amounts appropriated to carry out this part, the Secretary shall award grants, on a com-petitive basis, to eligible entities to enable the eligible entities to develop, implement, improve, or expand performance-based com-pensation systems or human capital manage-ment systems, in schools served by the eligi-ble entity. 
‘‘(b) D
URATION OF GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded under 
this part shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew 
a grant awarded under this part for a period of up to 2 years if the grantee demonstrates to the Secretary that the grantee is effec-tively utilizing funds. Such renewal may in-clude allowing the grantee to scale up or rep-licate the successful program. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—A local educational agen-
cy may receive (whether individually or as part of a consortium or partnership) a grant under this part only twice, as of the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reason-ably require. The application shall include— 
‘‘(1) a description of the performance-based 
compensation system or human capital man-agement system that the eligible entity pro-poses to develop, implement, improve, or ex-pand through the grant; 
‘‘(2) a description of the most pressing gaps 
or insufficiencies in student access to effec-tive teachers and school leaders in high-need schools, including gaps or inequities in how effective teachers and school leaders are dis-tributed across the local educational agency, as identified using factors such as data on school resources, staffing patterns, school environment, educator support systems, and other school-level factors; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4727 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(3) a description and evidence of the sup-
port and commitment from teachers, prin-cipals, and other school leaders, which may include charter school leaders, in the school (including organizations representing teach-ers, principals, and other school leaders), the community, and the local educational agen-cy to the activities proposed under the grant; 
‘‘(4) a description of how the eligible entity 
will develop and implement a fair, rigorous, valid, reliable, and objective process to evaluate teacher, principal, school leader, and student performance under the system that is based in part on measures of student academic achievement, including the base-line performance against which evaluations of improved performance will be made; 
‘‘(5) a description of the local educational 
agencies or schools to be served under the grant, including such student academic achievement, demographic, and socio-economic information as the Secretary may request; 
‘‘(6) a description of the quality of teach-
ers, principals, and other school leaders in the local educational agency and the schools to be served under the grant and the extent to which the system will increase the quality of teachers, principals, and other school leaders in a high-need school; 
‘‘(7) a description of how the eligible entity 
will use grant funds under this part in each year of the grant, including a timeline for implementation of such activities; 
‘‘(8) a description of how the eligible entity 
will continue the activities assisted under the grant after the grant period ends; 
‘‘(9) a description of the State, local, or 
other public or private funds that will be used to supplement the grant, including funds under part A, and sustain the activi-ties assisted under the grant at the end of the grant period; 
‘‘(10) a description of— 
‘‘(A) the rationale for the project; ‘‘(B) how the proposed activities are evi-
dence-based; and 
‘‘(C) if applicable, the prior experience of 
the eligible entity in developing and imple-menting such activities; and 
‘‘(11) a description of how activities funded 
under this part will be evaluated, monitored, and publically reported. 
‘‘(d) A
WARD BASIS.— 
‘‘(1) P RIORITY .—In awarding a grant under 
this part, the Secretary shall give priority to an eligible entity that concentrates the ac-tivities proposed to be assisted under the grant on teachers, principals, and other school leaders serving in high-need schools. 
‘‘(2) E
QUITABLE DISTRIBUTION .—To the ex-
tent practicable, the Secretary shall ensure an equitable geographic distribution of grants under this part, including the dis-tribution of such grants between rural and urban areas. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this part shall use the grant funds to develop, implement, improve, or expand, in collaboration with teachers, principals, other school leaders, and mem-bers of the public, a performance-based com-pensation system or human capital manage-ment system consistent with this part. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grant funds 
under this part may be used for the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Developing or improving an evalua-
tion and support system, including as part of a human capital management system as ap-plicable, that— 
‘‘(i) reflects clear and fair measures of 
teacher, principal, and other school leader performance, based in part on demonstrated improvement in student academic achieve-ment; and ‘‘(ii) provides teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders with ongoing, differen-tiated, targeted, and personalized support and feedback for improvement, including professional development opportunities de-signed to increase effectiveness. 
‘‘(B) Conducting outreach within a local 
educational agency or a State to gain input on how to construct an evaluation system 
described in subparagraph (A) and to develop support for the evaluation system, including by training appropriate personnel in how to observe and evaluate teachers, principals, and other school leaders. 
‘‘(C) Providing principals and other school 
leaders with— 
‘‘(i) balanced autonomy to make budg-
eting, scheduling, and other school-level de-cisions in a manner that meets the needs of the school without compromising the intent or essential components of the policies of the local educational agency or State; and 
‘‘(ii) authority to make staffing decisions 
that meet the needs of the school, such as building an instructional leadership team that includes teacher leaders or offering op-portunities for teams or pairs of effective teachers or candidates to teach or start teaching in high-need schools together. 
‘‘(D) Implementing, as part of a com-
prehensive performance-based compensation system, a differentiated salary structure, which may include bonuses and stipends, to— 
‘‘(i) teachers who— ‘‘(I)(aa) teach in high-need schools; or ‘‘(bb) teach in high-need subjects; ‘‘(II) raise student academic achievement; 
or 
‘‘(III) take on additional leadership respon-
sibilities; or 
‘‘(ii) principals and other school leaders 
who serve in high-need schools and raise stu-dent academic achievement in the schools. 
‘‘(E) Improving the local educational agen-
cy’s system and process for the recruitment, selection, placement, and retention of effec-tive teachers and school leaders in high-need schools, such as by improving local edu-cational agency policies and procedures to ensure that high-need schools are competi-tive and timely in— 
‘‘(i) attracting, hiring, and retaining effec-
tive educators; 
‘‘(ii) offering bonuses or higher salaries to 
effective teachers; or 
‘‘(iii) establishing or strengthening resi-
dency programs. 
‘‘(F) Instituting career advancement op-
portunities characterized by increased re-sponsibility and pay that reward and recog-nize effective teachers and school leaders in high-need schools and enable them to expand their leadership and results, such as through teacher-led professional development, men-toring, coaching, hybrid roles, administra-tive duties, and career ladders. 
‘‘(f) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each eligi-
ble entity that receives a grant under this part shall provide, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to 50 percent of the amount of the grant (which may be provided in cash or in-kind) to carry out the activities sup-ported by the grant. 
‘‘(g) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Grant 
funds provided under this part shall be used to supplement, not supplant, other Federal or State funds available to carry out activi-ties described in this part. 
‘‘SEC. 2203. REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) A CTIVITIES SUMMARY .—Each eligible 
entity receiving a grant under this part shall provide to the Secretary a summary of the activities assisted under the grant. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall provide 
to Congress an annual report on the imple-mentation of the program carried out under this part, including— ‘‘(1) information on eligible entities that 
received grant funds under this part, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) information provided by eligible enti-
ties to the Secretary in the applications sub-mitted under section 2202(c); 
‘‘(B) the summaries received under sub-
section (a); and 
‘‘(C) grant award amounts; and ‘‘(2) student academic achievement and, as 
applicable, growth data from the schools par-ticipating in the programs supported under the grant. 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATION AND TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the total 
amount reserved under section 2003(c) for this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary may reserve for such fiscal year not more than 1 percent for the cost of the evaluation under paragraph (2) and for technical assistance in carrying out this part. 
‘‘(2) E
VALUATION .—From amounts reserved 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, shall carry out an inde-pendent evaluation to measure the effective-ness of the program assisted under this part. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS .—The evaluation under 
paragraph (2) shall measure— 
‘‘(A) the effectiveness of the program in 
improving student academic achievement; 
‘‘(B) the satisfaction of the participating 
teachers, principals, and other school lead-ers; and 
‘‘(C) the extent to which the program as-
sisted the eligible entities in recruiting and retaining high-quality teachers, principals, and other school leaders, especially in high- need subject areas.’’. 
SEC. 2003. AMERICAN HISTORY AND CIVICS EDU-
CATION. 
Title II (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), as amended 
by section 2002, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART C—AMERICAN HISTORY AND 
CIVICS EDUCATION 
‘‘SEC. 2301. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From amounts appro-
priated to carry out this part, the Secretary is authorized to carry out an American his-tory and civics education program to im-prove— 
‘‘(1) the quality of American history, 
civics, and government education by edu-cating students about the history and prin-ciples of the Constitution of the United States, including the Bill of Rights; and 
‘‘(2) the quality of the teaching of Amer-
ican history, civics, and government in ele-mentary schools and secondary schools, in-cluding the teaching of traditional American history. 
‘‘(b) F
UNDING ALLOTMENT .—From amounts 
made available under section 2305 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use not less than 85 percent for activi-
ties under section 2302; 
‘‘(2) use not less than 10 percent for activi-
ties under section 2303; and 
‘‘(3) use not more than 5 percent for activi-
ties under section 2304. 
‘‘SEC. 2302. TEACHING OF TRADITIONAL AMER-
ICAN HISTORY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amounts re-
served by the Secretary under section 2301(b)(1), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to local educational agencies— 
‘‘(1) to carry out activities to promote the 
teaching of traditional American history in elementary schools and secondary schools as a separate academic subject (not as a compo-nent of social studies); and 
‘‘(2) for the development, implementation, 
and strengthening of programs to teach tra-ditional American history as a separate aca-demic subject (not as a component of social 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4728 July 7, 2015 
studies) within elementary school and sec-
ondary school curricula, including the imple-mentation of activities— 
‘‘(A) to improve the quality of instruction; 
and 
‘‘(B) to provide professional development 
and teacher education activities with respect to American history. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED PARTNERSHIP .—A local edu-
cational agency that receives a grant under subsection (a) shall carry out activities under the grant in partnership with 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(1) An institution of higher education. ‘‘(2) A nonprofit history or humanities or-
ganization. 
‘‘(3) A library or museum. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to receive 
a grant under this section, a local edu-cational agency shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(d) G
RANT TERMS .—Grants awarded under 
subsection (a) shall be for a term of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘SEC. 2303. PRESIDENTIAL AND CONGRESSIONAL 
ACADEMIES FOR AMERICAN HIS-TORY AND CIVICS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amounts re-
served under section 2301(b)(2), the Secretary shall award not more than 12 grants, on a competitive basis, to— 
‘‘(1) eligible entities to establish Presi-
dential Academies for the Teaching of Amer-ican History and Civics (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘Presidential Academies’) in accordance with subsection (e); and 
‘‘(2) eligible entities to establish Congres-
sional Academies for Students of American History and Civics (in this section referred to as the ‘Congressional Academies’) in ac-cordance with subsection (f). 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible entity that 
desires to receive a grant under subsection (a) shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ under this section means— 
‘‘(1) an institution of higher education or 
nonprofit educational organization, museum, library, or research center with dem-onstrated expertise in historical method-ology or the teaching of American history and civics; or 
‘‘(2) a consortium of entities described in 
paragraph (1). 
‘‘(d) G
RANT TERMS .—Grants awarded to eli-
gible entities under subsection (a) shall be for a term of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(e) P
RESIDENTIAL ACADEMIES .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity 
that receives a grant under subsection (a)(1) shall use the grant funds to establish a Pres-idential Academy that offers a seminar or in-stitute for teachers of American history and civics, which— 
‘‘(A) provides intensive professional devel-
opment opportunities for teachers of Amer-ican history and civics to strengthen such teachers’ knowledge of the subjects of Amer-ican history and civics; 
‘‘(B) is led by a team of primary scholars 
and core teachers who are accomplished in the field of American history and civics; 
‘‘(C) is conducted during the summer or 
other appropriate time; and 
‘‘(D) is of not less than 2 weeks and not 
more than 6 weeks in duration. 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION OF TEACHERS .—Each year, 
each Presidential Academy shall select be-tween 50 and 300 teachers of American his-tory and civics from public or private ele-mentary schools and secondary schools to attend the seminar or institute under para-graph (1). ‘‘(3) T
EACHER STIPENDS .—Each teacher se-
lected to participate in a seminar or insti-tute under this subsection shall be awarded a fixed stipend based on the length of the sem-inar or institute to ensure that such teacher does not incur personal costs associated with the teacher’s participation in the seminar or institute. 
‘‘(4) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this subsection, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that coordinate or align their activities with the National Park Service National Centennial Parks initiative 
to develop innovative and comprehensive programs using the resources of the National Parks. 
‘‘(f) C
ONGRESSIONAL ACADEMIES .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity 
that receives a grant under subsection (a)(2) shall use the grant funds to establish a Con-gressional Academy that offers a seminar or institute for outstanding students of Amer-ican history and civics, which— 
‘‘(A) broadens and deepens such students’ 
understanding of American history and civics; 
‘‘(B) is led by a team of primary scholars 
and core teachers who are accomplished in the field of American history and civics; 
‘‘(C) is conducted during the summer or 
other appropriate time; and 
‘‘(D) is of not less than 2 weeks and not 
more than 6 weeks in duration. 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION OF STUDENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each year, each Con-
gressional Academy shall select between 100 and 300 eligible students to attend the sem-inar or institute under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE STUDENTS .—A student shall 
be eligible to attend a seminar or institute offered by a Congressional Academy under this subsection if the student— 
‘‘(i) is recommended by the student’s sec-
ondary school principal or other school lead-er to attend the seminar or institute; and 
‘‘(ii) will be a junior or senior in the aca-
demic year following attendance at the sem-inar or institute. 
‘‘(3) S
TUDENT STIPENDS .—Each student se-
lected to participate in a seminar or insti-tute under this subsection shall be awarded a fixed stipend based on the length of the sem-inar or institute to ensure that such student does not incur personal costs associated with the student’s participation in the seminar or institute. 
‘‘(g) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
receives funds under subsection (a) shall pro-vide, toward the cost of the activities as-sisted under the grant, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to 100 percent of the amount of the grant. 
‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive all 
or part of the matching requirement de-scribed in paragraph (1) for any fiscal year for an eligible entity if the Secretary deter-mines that applying the matching require-ment would result in serious hardship or an inability to carry out the activities de-scribed in subsection (e) or (f). 
‘‘SEC. 2304. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to promote new and existing evidence- based strategies to encourage innovative American history, civics and government, and geography instruction, learning strate-gies, and professional development activities and programs for teachers, principals, and other school leaders, particularly such in-struction, strategies, activities, and pro-grams that benefit low-income students and underserved populations. 
‘‘(b) I
NGENERAL .—From the funds reserved 
by the Secretary under section 2301(b)(3), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible entities for the pur-poses of— ‘‘(1) expanding, developing, implementing, 
evaluating, and disseminating for voluntary use, innovative, evidenced-based approaches or professional development programs in American history, civics and government, and geography, which may include— 
‘‘(A) hands-on civic engagement activities 
for teachers and low-income students; and 
‘‘(B) programs that educate students about 
the history and principles of the Constitu-tion of the United States, including the Bill of Rights and that demonstrate scalability, accountability, and a focus on underserved populations; and 
‘‘(2) developing other innovative ap-
proaches that— 
‘‘(A) improve the quality of student 
achievement in, and teaching of, American history, civics and government, and geog-raphy, in elementary schools and secondary schools; and 
‘‘(B) demonstrate innovation, scalability, 
accountability, and a focus on underserved populations. 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM PERIODS AND DIVERSITY OF  
PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant awarded by the 
Secretary to an eligible entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew 
a grant awarded under this section for 1 ad-ditional 2-year period. 
‘‘(3) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, grants are distributed among eligible enti-ties that will serve geographically diverse areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—In order to receive a 
grant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(e) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the 
term ‘eligible entity’ means an institution of higher education or other nonprofit or for- profit organization with demonstrated exper-tise in the development of evidence-based ap-proaches for improving the quality of Amer-ican history, geography, and civics learning and teaching. 
‘‘SEC. 2305. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 2004. LITERACY EDUCATION. 
Title II (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), as amended 
by sections 2001 through 2003, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART D—LITERACY EDUCATION FOR 
ALL, RESULTS FOR THE NATION 
‘‘SEC. 2401. PURPOSES; DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this part 
are— 
‘‘(1) to improve student academic achieve-
ment in reading and writing by providing Federal support to States to develop, revise, or update comprehensive literacy instruc-tion plans that, when implemented, ensure high-quality instruction and effective strate-gies in reading and writing from early edu-cation through grade 12; and 
‘‘(2) for States to provide targeted sub-
grants to State-designated early childhood education programs and local educational agencies and their public or private partners to implement evidenced-based programs that ensure high-quality comprehensive literacy instruction for students most in need. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) C OMPREHENSIVE LITERACY INSTRUC -
TION.—The term ‘comprehensive literacy in-
struction’ means instruction that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4729 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(A) includes developmentally appropriate, 
contextually explicit, and systematic in-struction, and frequent practice, in reading and writing across content areas; 
‘‘(B) includes age-appropriate, explicit, 
systematic, and intentional instruction in phonological awareness, phonic decoding, vo-cabulary, language structure, reading flu-ency, and reading comprehension; 
‘‘(C) includes age-appropriate, explicit in-
struction in writing, including opportunities for children to write with clear purposes, with critical reasoning appropriate to the topic and purpose, and with specific instruc-tion and feedback from instructional staff; 
‘‘(D) makes available and uses diverse, 
high-quality print materials that reflect the reading and development levels, and inter-ests, of children; 
‘‘(E) uses differentiated instructional ap-
proaches, including individual and small group instruction and discussion; 
‘‘(F) provides opportunities for children to 
use language with peers and adults in order to develop language skills, including devel-oping vocabulary; 
‘‘(G) includes frequent practice of reading 
and writing strategies; 
‘‘(H) uses age-appropriate, valid, and reli-
able screening assessments, diagnostic as-sessments, formative assessment processes, and summative assessments to identify a child’s learning needs, to inform instruction, and to monitor the child’s progress and the effects of instruction; 
‘‘(I) uses strategies to enhance children’s 
motivation to read and write and children’s engagement in self-directed learning; 
‘‘(J) incorporates the principles of uni-
versal design for learning; 
‘‘(K) depends on teachers’ collaboration in 
planning, instruction, and assessing a child’s progress and on continuous professional learning; and 
‘‘(L) links literacy instruction to the chal-
lenging State academic standards under sec-tion 1111(b)(1), including the ability to navi-gate, understand, and write about, complex print and digital subject matter. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means an entity that serves a high percentage of high-need schools and consists of— 
‘‘(A) one or more local educational agen-
cies that— 
‘‘(i) have the highest number or proportion 
of children who are counted under section 1124(c), in comparison to other local edu-cational agencies in the State; 
‘‘(ii) are among the local educational agen-
cies in the State with the highest number or 
percentages of children reading or writing below grade level, based on the most cur-rently available State academic assessment data under section 1111(b)(2); or 
‘‘(iii) serve a significant number or per-
centage of schools that are identified under section 1114(a)(1)(A); 
‘‘(B) one or more State-designated early 
childhood education programs, which may include home-based literacy programs for preschool aged children, that have a dem-onstrated record of providing comprehensive literacy instruction for the age group such program proposes to serve; or 
‘‘(C) a local educational agency, described 
in subparagraph (A), or consortium of such local educational agencies, or a State-des-ignated early childhood education program, which may include home-based literacy pro-grams for preschool aged children, acting in partnership with 1 or more public or private nonprofit organizations or agencies (which may include State-designated early child-hood education programs) that have a dem-onstrated record of effectiveness in— 
‘‘(i) improving literacy achievement of 
children, consistent with the purposes of their participation, from birth through grade 
12; and 
‘‘(ii) providing professional development in 
comprehensive literacy instruction. 
‘‘(3) H
IGH-NEED SCHOOL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-need 
school’ means— 
‘‘(i) an elementary school or middle school 
in which not less than 50 percent of the en-rolled students are children from low-income families; or 
‘‘(ii) a high school in which not less than 40 
percent of the enrolled students are children from low-income families, which may be cal-culated using comparable data from the schools that feed into the high school. 
‘‘(B) L
OW-INCOME FAMILY .—For purposes of 
subparagraph (A), the term ‘low-income fam-ily’ means a family— 
‘‘(i) in which the children are eligible for a 
free or reduced price lunch under the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
‘‘(ii) receiving assistance under the pro-
gram of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families established under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
‘‘(iii) in which the children are eligible to 
receive medical assistance under the Med-icaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). 
‘‘SEC. 2402. COMPREHENSIVE LITERACY STATE 
DEVELOPMENT GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From the 
amounts appropriated to carry out this part and not reserved under subsection (b), the Secretary shall award grants, on a competi-tive basis, to State educational agencies to enable the State educational agencies to— 
‘‘(1) provide subgrants to eligible entities 
serving a diversity of geographic areas, giv-ing priority to entities serving greater num-bers or percentages of disadvantaged chil-dren; and 
‘‘(2) develop or enhance comprehensive lit-
eracy instruction plans that ensure high- quality instruction and effective strategies in reading and writing for children from early childhood education through grade 12, including English learners and children with disabilities. 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATION .—From the amounts ap-
propriated to carry out this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) not more than a total of 5 percent for 
national activities including a national eval-uation, technical assistance and training, data collection, and reporting; 
‘‘(2) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary 
of the Interior to carry out a program de-scribed in this part at schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
‘‘(3) one-half of 1 percent for the outlying 
areas to carry out a program under this part. 
‘‘(c) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—A grant award-
ed under this part shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. Such grant may be re-newed for an additional 2-year period upon the termination of the initial period of the grant if the grant recipient demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that— 
‘‘(1) the State has made adequate progress; 
and 
‘‘(2) renewing the grant for an additional 2- 
year period is necessary to carry out the ob-jectives of the grant described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) S
TATE APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency desiring a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may require. The State educational agency shall collaborate with the State agency responsible for administering early childhood education programs and the State agency responsible for administering child 
care programs in the State in writing and implementing the early childhood education portion of the grant application under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application described 
in paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
‘‘(A) A needs assessment that analyzes lit-
eracy needs across the State and in high- need schools and local educational agencies that serve high-need schools, including iden-tifying the most pressing gaps in literacy proficiency and inequities in student access to effective teachers of literacy, considering each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A). 
‘‘(B) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency, in collaboration with the State literacy team, if applicable, will de-velop a State comprehensive literacy in-struction plan or will revise and update an already existing State comprehensive lit-eracy instruction plan. 
‘‘(C) An implementation plan that includes 
a description of how the State educational agency will carry out the State activities de-scribed in subsection (e). 
‘‘(D) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will use implementation grant funds described in subsection (e)(1) for comprehensive literacy instruction programs as follows: 
‘‘(i) Not less than 15 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local pro-grams and activities pertaining to children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(ii) Not less than 40 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local pro-grams and activities, allocated equitably among the grades of kindergarten through grade 5. 
‘‘(iii) Not less than 40 percent of such grant 
funds shall be used for State and local pro-grams and activities, allocated equitably among grades 6 through 12. 
‘‘(E) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will give priority in award-ing a subgrant under section 2403 to an eligi-ble entity that— 
‘‘(i) serves children from birth through age 
5 who are from families with income levels at or below 200 percent of the Federal pov-erty line; or 
‘‘(ii) is a local educational agency serving 
a high number or percentage of high-need schools. 
‘‘(e) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under this section shall use not less than 95 percent of such grant funds to award subgrants to eligible entities, based on their needs assessment and a competitive application process. 
‘‘(2) R
ESERVATION .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under this section may reserve not more than 5 percent for ac-tivities identified through the needs assess-ment and comprehensive literacy plan de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of sub-section (d)(2), including the following activi-ties: 
‘‘(A) Providing technical assistance, or en-
gaging qualified providers to provide tech-nical assistance, to eligible entities to en-able the eligible entities to design and imple-ment literacy programs. 
‘‘(B) Coordinating with institutions of 
higher education in the State to provide rec-ommendations to strengthen and enhance pre-service courses for students preparing to teach children from birth through grade 12 in explicit, systematic, and intensive instruc-tion in evidence-based literacy methods. 
‘‘(C) Reviewing and updating, in collabora-
tion with teachers, statewide educational and professional organizations representing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4730 July 7, 2015 
teachers, and statewide educational and pro-
fessional organizations representing institu-tions of higher education, State licensure or certification standards in the area of lit-eracy instruction in early education through grade 12. 
‘‘(D) Making publicly available, including 
on the State educational agency’s website, information on promising instructional prac-tices to improve child literacy achievement. 
‘‘(E) Administering and monitoring the im-
plementation of subgrants by eligible enti-ties. 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL USES .—After carrying out 
the activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2), a State educational agency may use any remaining amount to carry out 1 or more of the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Developing literacy coach training 
programs and training literacy coaches. 
‘‘(B) Administration and evaluation of ac-
tivities carried out under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 2403. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES 
IN SUPPORT OF BIRTH THROUGH KINDERGARTEN ENTRY LITERACY. 
‘‘(a) S UBGRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under this part shall, in consultation with the State agen-cies responsible for administering early childhood education programs and services, including the State agency responsible for administering child care programs, and, if applicable, the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care des-ignated or established pursuant to section 642B(b)(1)(A)(i) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837b(b)(1)(A)(i))), use a portion of the grant funds, in accordance with section 2402(d)(2)(D)(i), to award subgrants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to en-able the eligible entities to support high- quality early literacy initiatives for children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION .—The term of a subgrant 
under this section shall be determined by the State educational agency awarding the subgrant and shall in no case exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(3) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE .—Each 
subgrant awarded under this section shall be of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligi-ble entity to carry out high-quality early lit-eracy initiatives for children from birth through kindergarten entry. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .—An eligible en-
tity desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the State educational agency, at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the State educational agency may re-quire. Such application shall include a de-scription of— 
‘‘(1) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
enhance the language and literacy develop-ment and school readiness of children, from birth through kindergarten entry, in early childhood education programs, which shall include an analysis of data that support the proposed use of subgrant funds; 
‘‘(2) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
prepare and provide ongoing assistance to staff in the programs, through high-quality professional development; 
‘‘(3) how the activities assisted under the 
subgrant will be coordinated with com-prehensive literacy instruction at the kin-dergarten through grade 12 levels; 
‘‘(4) how the subgrant funds will be used to 
evaluate the success of the activities as-sisted under the subgrant in enhancing the early language and literacy development of children from birth through kindergarten entry; and 
‘‘(5) such other information as the State 
educational agency may require. 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS .—An eligible en-
tity that receives a subgrant under this sec-tion shall use the subgrant funds, consistent with the entity’s approved application under 
subsection (b), to— 
‘‘(1) carry out high-quality professional de-
velopment opportunities for early childhood educators, teachers, principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals, specialized in-structional support personnel, and instruc-tional leaders; 
‘‘(2) train providers and personnel to de-
velop and administer high-quality early childhood education literacy initiatives; and 
‘‘(3) coordinate the involvement of fami-
lies, early childhood education program staff, principals, other school leaders, and teachers in literacy development of children served under the subgrant. 
‘‘SEC. 2404. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES 
IN SUPPORT OF KINDERGARTEN THROUGH GRADE 12 LITERACY. 
‘‘(a) S UBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) S UBGRANTS .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under this part shall use a portion of the grant funds, in ac-cordance with clauses (ii) and (iii) of section 2402(d)(2)(D), to award subgrants, on a com-petitive basis, to eligible entities to enable the eligible entities to carry out the author-ized activities described in subsections (b) 
and (c). 
‘‘(2) D
URATION .—The term of a subgrant 
under this section shall be determined by the State educational agency awarding the subgrant and shall in no case exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(3) S
UFFICIENT SIZE AND SCOPE .—A State 
educational agency shall award subgrants under this section of sufficient size and scope to allow the eligible entities to carry out high-quality comprehensive literacy instruc-tion in each grade level for which the subgrant funds are provided. 
‘‘(4) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .—An eligible enti-
ty desiring to receive a subgrant under this section shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the State educational agency may re-quire. Such application shall include, for each school that the eligible entity identifies as participating in a subgrant program under this section, the following information: 
‘‘(A) A description of the eligible entity’s 
needs assessment conducted to identify how subgrant funds will be used to inform and improve comprehensive literacy instruction at the school. 
‘‘(B) How the school, the local educational 
agency, or a provider of high-quality profes-sional development will provide ongoing high-quality professional development to all teachers, principals, other school leaders, and other instructional leaders served by the school. 
‘‘(C) How the school will identify children 
in need of literacy interventions or other support services. 
‘‘(D) An explanation of how the school will 
integrate comprehensive literacy instruction into core academic subjects. 
‘‘(E) A description of how the school will 
coordinate comprehensive literacy instruc-tion with early childhood education and after-school programs and activities in the area served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS FOR KINDER -
GARTEN THROUGH GRADE 5.—An eligible enti-
ty that receives a subgrant under this sec-tion shall use the subgrant funds to carry out the following activities pertaining to children in kindergarten through grade 5: 
‘‘(1) Developing and implementing a com-
prehensive literacy instruction plan across content areas for such children that— 
‘‘(A) serves the needs of all children, in-
cluding children with disabilities and English learners, especially children who are reading or writing below grade level; 
‘‘(B) provides intensive, supplemental, ac-
celerated, and explicit intervention and sup-port in reading and writing for children 
whose literacy skills are below grade level; and 
‘‘(C) supports activities that are provided 
primarily during the regular school day but which may be augmented by after-school and out-of-school time instruction. 
‘‘(2) Providing high-quality professional 
development opportunities for teachers, lit-eracy coaches, literacy specialists, English as a second language specialists (as appro-priate), principals, other school leaders, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, paraprofessionals, and other program staff. 
‘‘(3) Training principals, specialized in-
structional support personnel, and other school district personnel to support, develop, administer, and evaluate high-quality kin-dergarten through grade 5 literacy initia-tives. 
‘‘(4) Coordinating the involvement of early 
childhood education program staff, prin-cipals, other instructional leaders, teachers, teacher literacy teams, English as a second language specialists (as appropriate), special educators, and school personnel in the lit-eracy development of children served under this subsection. 
‘‘(5) Engaging families and encouraging 
family literacy experiences and practices to support literacy development. 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS FOR GRADES 6 
THROUGH 12.—An eligible entity that receives 
a subgrant under this section shall use subgrant funds to carry out the following ac-tivities pertaining to children in grades 6 through 12: 
‘‘(1) Developing and implementing a com-
prehensive literacy instruction plan de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) for children in grades 6 through 12. 
‘‘(2) Training principals, specialized in-
struction support personnel, and other school district personnel to support, develop, administer, and evaluate high-quality com-prehensive literacy instruction initiatives for grades 6 through 12. 
‘‘(3) Assessing the quality of adolescent 
comprehensive literacy instruction in core academic subjects, and career and technical education subjects where such career and technical education subjects provide for the integration of core academic subjects. 
‘‘(4) Providing time for teachers to meet to 
plan evidence-based adolescent comprehen-sive literacy instruction in core academic subjects, and career and technical education subjects where such career and technical education subjects provide for the integra-tion of core academic subjects. 
‘‘(5) Coordinating the involvement of prin-
cipals, other instructional leaders, teachers, teacher literacy teams, English as a second language specialists (as appropriate), para-professionals, special educators, and school personnel in the literacy development of children served under this subsection. 
‘‘(d) A
LLOWABLE USES.—An eligible entity 
that receives a subgrant under this section may, in addition to carrying out the activi-ties described in subsection (b) or (c), use subgrant funds to carry out the following ac-tivities pertaining to children in kinder-garten through grade 12: 
‘‘(1) Recruiting, placing, training, and com-
pensating literacy coaches. 
‘‘(2) Connecting out-of-school learning op-
portunities to in-school learning in order to improve the literacy achievement of the children. 
‘‘(3) Training families and caregivers to 
support the improvement of adolescent lit-eracy. 
‘‘(4) Providing for a multitier system of 
support. 
‘‘(5) Forming a school literacy leadership 
team to help implement, assess, and identify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4731 July 7, 2015 
necessary changes to the literacy initiatives 
in 1 or more schools to ensure success. 
‘‘(6) Providing time for teachers (and other 
literacy staff, as appropriate, such as school librarians) to meet to plan comprehensive literacy instruction. 
‘‘SEC. 2405. NATIONAL EVALUATION AND INFOR-
MATION DISSEMINATION. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL EVALUATION .—From funds 
reserved under section 2402(b)(1), the Direc-tor of the Institute of Education Sciences shall conduct a national evaluation of the grant and subgrant programs assisted under this part. Such evaluation shall include evi-dence-based research that applies rigorous and systematic procedures to obtain valid knowledge relevant to the implementation and effect of the programs and shall directly coordinate with individual State evaluations of the programs’ implementation and im-pact. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM IMPROVEMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall— 
‘‘(1) provide the findings of the evaluation 
conducted under this section to State edu-cational agencies and subgrant recipients for use in program improvement; 
‘‘(2) make such findings publicly available, 
including on the websites of the Department and the Institute of Education Sciences; and 
‘‘(3) submit such findings to the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
‘‘SEC. 2406. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Grant funds provided under this part shall 
be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal or State funds available to carry out activities described in this part.’’. 
SEC. 2005. IMPROVING SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, 
ENGINEERING, AND MATHEMATICS INSTRUCTION AND STUDENT ACHIEVEMENT. 
Title II (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), as amended 
by sections 2001 through 2004, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART E—IMPROVING SCIENCE, TECH-
NOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATHE-MATICS INSTRUCTION AND STUDENT ACHIEVEMENT 
‘‘SEC. 2501. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to improve 
student academic achievement in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science, by— 
‘‘(1) improving instruction in such subjects 
through grade 12; 
‘‘(2) improving student engagement in, and 
increasing student access to, such subjects; 
‘‘(3) improving the quality and effective-
ness of classroom instruction by recruiting, training, and supporting highly rated teach-ers and providing robust tools and supports for students and teachers in such subjects; 
‘‘(4) increasing student access to high-qual-
ity informal and after-school programs that target the identified subjects and improving the coordination of such programs with classroom instruction in the identified sub-jects; and 
‘‘(5) closing student achievement gaps, and 
preparing more students to be college and career ready, in such subjects. 
‘‘SEC. 2502. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBLE SUBGRANTEE .—The term ‘eli-
gible subgrantee’ means— 
‘‘(A) a high-need local educational agency; ‘‘(B) an educational service agency serving 
more than 1 high-need local educational agency; 
‘‘(C) a consortium of high-need local edu-
cational agencies; or 
‘‘(D) an entity described in subparagraph 
(A) or (C) of paragraph (2) that has signed a memorandum of agreement with an entity described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of 
this paragraph to implement the require-ments of this part in partnership with such entity. 
‘‘(2) O
UTSIDE PARTNER .—The term ‘outside 
partner’ means an entity that has expertise and a demonstrated record of success in im-proving student learning and engagement in the identified subjects described in section 2504(b)(2), including any of the following: 
‘‘(A) A nonprofit or community-based orga-
nization, which may include a cultural orga-nization, such as a museum or learning cen-ter. 
‘‘(B) A business. ‘‘(C) An institution of higher education. ‘‘(D) An educational service agency. ‘‘(3) STEM 
MASTER TEACHER CORPS .—The 
term ‘STEM master teacher corps’ means a State-led effort to elevate the status of the science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics teaching profession by recognizing, rewarding, attracting, and retaining out-standing science, technology, engineering, and mathematics teachers, particularly in high-need and rural schools, by— 
‘‘(A) selecting candidates to be master 
teachers in the corps on the basis of— 
‘‘(i) content knowledge based on a screen-
ing examination; and 
‘‘(ii) pedagogical knowledge of and success 
in teaching; 
‘‘(B) offering such teachers opportunities 
to— 
‘‘(i) work with one another in scholarly 
communities; 
‘‘(ii) participate in and lead high-quality 
professional development; and 
‘‘(C) providing such teachers with addi-
tional appropriate and substantial com-pensation for the work described in subpara-graph (B) and in the master teacher commu-nity. 
‘‘SEC. 2503. GRANTS; ALLOTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From amounts made 
available to carry out this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award grants to State educational agencies, through allot-ments described in subsection (b), to enable State educational agencies to carry out the activities described in section 2505. 
‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall allot to each State— 
‘‘(A) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 35 percent of the amount avail-able to carry out this part for such year, as the number of individuals ages 5 through 17 in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individ-uals in all such States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(B) an amount that bears the same rela-
tionship to 65 percent of the amount avail-able to carry out this part for such year as the number of individuals ages 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the pov-erty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in all such States, as so de-termined. 
‘‘(2) F
UNDING MINIMUM .—No State receiving 
an allotment under this subsection may re-ceive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year. 
‘‘(c) R
EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If a 
State does not successfully apply for an al-lotment under this part, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this section. 
‘‘SEC. 2504. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State desiring an 
allotment under section 2503(b) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, 
in such manner, and accompanied by such in-formation as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—At a minimum, an appli-
cation submitted under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the needs, including 
assets, identified by the State educational agency based on a State analysis, which shall include— 
‘‘(A) an analysis of science, technology, en-
gineering, and mathematics education qual-ity and outcomes in the State, which may include results from a pre-existing analysis; 
‘‘(B) labor market information regarding 
the industry and business workforce needs within the State; and 
‘‘(C) an analysis of the quality of pre-serv-
ice preparation at all public institutions of higher education (including alternative pathways to teacher licensure or certifi-cation) for individuals preparing to teach science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subjects in the State. 
‘‘(2) An identification of the specific sub-
jects that the State educational agency will address through the activities described in section 2505, consistent with the needs iden-tified under paragraph (1) (referred to in this part as ‘identified subjects’). 
‘‘(3) A description, in a manner that ad-
dresses any needs identified under paragraph (1), of— 
‘‘(A) how grant funds will be used by the 
State educational agency to improve in-struction in the identified subjects; 
‘‘(B) the process that the State educational 
agency will use for awarding subgrants, in-cluding how relevant stakeholders will be in-volved; 
‘‘(C) how the State’s proposed project will 
ensure an increase in access for students who are members of groups underrepresented in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subject fields to high-quality courses in 1 or more of the identified subjects; and 
‘‘(D) how the State educational agency will 
continue to involve stakeholders in edu-cation reform efforts related to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics instruction. 
‘‘SEC. 2505. AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—Each State 
educational agency that receives an allot-ment under this part shall use the grant funds reserved under subsection (d)(2) to carry out each of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Increasing access for students through 
grade 12 who are members of groups under-represented in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics subject fields to high- quality courses in the identified subjects. 
‘‘(2) Implementing evidence-based pro-
grams of instruction based on high-quality standards and assessments in the identified subjects. 
‘‘(3) Providing professional development 
and other comprehensive systems of support for teachers and school leaders to promote high-quality instruction and instructional leadership in the identified subjects. 
‘‘(b) P
ERMISSIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Each State 
educational agency that receives an allot-ment under this part may use the grant funds reserved under subsection (d)(2) to carry out 1 or more of the following activi-ties: 
‘‘(1) Recruiting qualified teachers and in-
structional leaders who are trained in identi-fied subjects, including teachers who have transitioned into the teaching profession from a careers in the science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics fields. 
‘‘(2) Providing induction and mentoring 
services to new teachers in identified sub-jects. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4732 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(3) Developing instructional supports for 
identified subjects, such as curricula and as-sessments, which shall be evidence-based and aligned with challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(4) Supporting the development of a 
State-wide STEM master teacher corps. 
‘‘(c) S
UBGRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency that receives a grant under this part shall use the amounts not reserved under subsection (d) to award subgrants, on a com-petitive basis, to eligible subgrantees to en-able the eligible subgrantees to carry out the activities described in paragraph (4). 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM SUBGRANT .—A State edu-
cational agency shall award subgrants under this subsection that are of sufficient size and scope to support high-quality, evidence- based, effective programs that are consistent with the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(3) S
UBGRANTEE APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible subgrantee 
desiring a subgrant under this subsection shall submit an application to the State edu-cational agency at such time, in such man-ner, and accompanied by such information as the State educational agency may require. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS OF SUBGRANTEE APPLICA -
TION.—At a minimum, the application de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) shall include the following: 
‘‘(i) A description of the activities that the 
eligible subgrantee will carry out, and how such activities will improve teaching and student academic achievement in the State’s identified subjects. 
‘‘(ii) A description of how the eligible sub-
grantee will use funds provided under this subsection to serve students and teachers in high-need schools. 
‘‘(iii) A description of how funds provided 
under this subsection will be coordinated with other Federal, State, and local pro-grams and activities, including career and technical education programs authorized under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-nical Education Act of 2006. 
‘‘(iv) If the eligible subgrantee is working 
with outside partners, a description of how such outside partners will be involved in im-proving instruction and increasing access to high-quality learning experiences in the State’s identified subjects. 
‘‘(4) S
UBGRANTEE USE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUIRED USE OF FUNDS .—Each sub-
grantee under this subsection shall use the subgrant funds to carry out activities for students through grade 12, as described in the subgrantee’s application, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) high-quality teacher and instructional 
leader recruitment, support, and evaluation in the State’s identified subjects; 
‘‘(ii) professional development, which may 
include development and support for instruc-tional coaches, to enable teachers and in-structional leaders to increase student achievement in identified subjects; 
‘‘(iii) activities to— ‘‘(I) improve the content knowledge of 
teachers in the State’s identified subjects; 
‘‘(II) facilitate professional collaboration, 
which may include providing time for such collaborations with school personnel, after- school program personnel, and personnel of informal programs that target the identified subjects; and 
‘‘(III) improve the integration of informal 
and after-school programs that target the identified subjects with classroom instruc-tion, such as through the use of strategic partnerships with science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics researchers, and other professionals from relevant fields who may be able to assist in activities focused in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics; and ‘‘(iv) the development, adoption, and im-
provement of high-quality curricula and in-structional supports that— 
‘‘(I) are aligned with the challenging State 
academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(II) the eligible subgrantee will use to im-
prove student academic achievement in the identified subjects. 
‘‘(B) A
LLOWABLE USE OF FUNDS .—In addi-
tion to the required activities described in subparagraph (A), each eligible subgrantee that receives a subgrant under this sub-section may also use the subgrant funds to— 
‘‘(i) support the participation of low-in-
come students in nonprofit competitions re-lated to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects (such as robotics, science research, invention, mathematics, computer science, and technology competi-tions); 
‘‘(ii) broaden secondary school students’ 
access to, and interest in, careers that re-quire academic preparation in 1 or more identified subjects; 
‘‘(iii) broaden the access of secondary 
school students to early college high school or dual or concurrent enrollment courses in science, technology, engineering, or mathe-matics subjects, including providing profes-sional development to teachers and leaders related to this work; 
‘‘(iv) partner with established after-school 
and science, technology, engineering, and mathematics networks to provide technical assistance to after-school programs to im-prove their practice, such as through devel-oping quality standards and appropriate learning outcomes for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics programming in after-school programs; 
‘‘(v) provide hands-on learning and expo-
sure to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics research facilities and busi-nesses through in-person or virtual distance- learning experiences; 
‘‘(vi) support the use of field-based or serv-
ice learning that enables students to use the local environment and community as a learning resource and to enhance the stu-dents’ understanding of the identified sub-jects through environmental science edu-cation; and 
‘‘(vii) address science, technology, engi-
neering, and mathematics needs identified in the State plan under section 102 of the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3112), or by a local workforce develop-ment board under section 107(d), or in the local plan submitted under section 108, of such Act (29 U.S.C. 3122(d), 3123), for the State, local area (as defined in section 3 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 3102)), or region (as so de-fined) that the eligible subgrantee is serving. 
‘‘(C) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—A State may re-
quire an eligible subgrantee receiving a subgrant under this subsection to dem-onstrate that such subgrantee has obtained a commitment from 1 or more outside partners to match, using non-Federal funds, a portion of the amount of subgrant funds, in an amount determined by the State. 
‘‘(d) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency that receives an allotment under this part may use not more than 5 percent of grant funds for— 
‘‘(A) administrative costs; ‘‘(B) monitoring the implementation of 
subgrants; 
‘‘(C) providing technical assistance to eli-
gible subgrantees; and 
‘‘(D) evaluating subgrants in coordination 
with the evaluation described in section 2506(c). 
‘‘(2) R
ESERVATION .—Each State educational 
agency that receives an allotment under this part shall reserve not less than 15 and not more than 20 percent of grant funds, inclu-
sive of the amount described in paragraph (1), for additional State activities, consistent with subsections (a) and (b). 
‘‘SEC. 2506. PERFORMANCE METRICS; REPORT; 
EVALUATION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PERFORMANCE  
METRICS .—The Secretary, acting through the 
Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall establish performance metrics to evaluate the effectiveness of the activities carried out under this part. 
‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each State edu-
cational agency that receives an allotment under this part shall prepare and submit an annual report to the Secretary, which shall include information relevant to the perform-ance metrics described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) acting through the Director of the In-
stitute of Education Sciences, and in con-sultation with the Director of the National Science Foundation— 
‘‘(A) evaluate the implementation and im-
pact of the activities supported under this part, including progress measured by the metrics established under subsection (a); 
‘‘(B) identify best practices to improve in-
struction in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics subjects; and 
‘‘(C) ensure that the Department is taking 
appropriate action to avoid unnecessary du-plication of efforts between the activities being supported under this part and other programmatic activities supported by the Department or by other Federal agencies; and 
‘‘(2) disseminate, in consultation with the 
National Science Foundation, research on best practices to improve instruction in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subjects. 
‘‘SEC. 2507. SUPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds received under this part shall be 
used to supplement, and not supplant, funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this part.’’. 
SEC. 2006. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Title II (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.), as amended 
by sections 2001 through 2005, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART F—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 2601. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘(a) P ROHIBITION AGAINST FEDERAL MAN-
DATES , DIRECTION , ORCONTROL .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s— 
‘‘(1) instructional content or materials, 
curriculum, program of instruction, aca-demic standards, or academic assessments; 
‘‘(2) teacher, principal, or other school 
leader evaluation system; 
‘‘(3) specific definition of teacher, prin-
cipal, or other school leader effectiveness; or 
‘‘(4) teacher, principal, or other school 
leader professional standards, certification, or licensing. 
‘‘(b) S
CHOOL OR DISTRICT EMPLOYEES .— 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to alter or otherwise affect the rights, rem-edies, and procedures afforded school or school district employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agreements, memoranda of understanding, or other agree-ments between such employees and their em-ployers.’’. 
TITLE III—LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION FOR 
ENGLISH LEARNERS AND IMMIGRANT STUDENTS 
SEC. 3001. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Title III (20 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4733 July 7, 2015 
(1) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘ LIM-
ITED ENGLISH PROFICIENT ’’ and inserting 
‘‘ENGLISH LEARNERS ’’; 
(2) in part A— (A) by striking section 3122; (B) redesignating sections 3123, 3124, 3125, 
3126, 3127, 3128, and 3129 as sections 3122, 3123, 3124, 3125, 3126, 3127, and 3128, respectively; and 
(C) by striking subpart 4; (3) by striking part B; (4) by redesignating part C as part B; and (5) in part B, as redesignated by paragraph 
(4)— 
(A) by redesignating section 3301 as section 
3201; 
(B) by striking section 3302; and (C) by redesignating sections 3303 and 3304 
as sections 3202 and 3203, respectively. 
SEC. 3002. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 3001 (20 U.S.C. 6801) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 3001. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this title such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 3003. ENGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION, 
LANGUAGE ENHANCEMENT, AND ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT. 
Part A of title III (20 U.S.C. 6811 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 3102, by striking paragraphs 
(1) through (9) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) to help ensure that English learners, 
including immigrant children and youth, at-tain English proficiency, and develop high levels of academic achievement in English; 
‘‘(2) to assist all English learners, includ-
ing immigrant children and youth, to achieve at high levels in academic subjects so that children who are English learners can meet the same challenging State aca-
demic standards that all children are ex-pected to meet, consistent with section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(3) to assist early childhood educators, 
teachers, principals and other school leaders, State educational agencies, and local edu-cational agencies in establishing, imple-menting, and sustaining effective language instruction educational programs designed to assist in teaching English learners, in-cluding immigrant children and youth; 
‘‘(4) to assist early childhood educators, 
teachers, principals and other school leaders, State educational agencies, and local edu-cational agencies to develop and enhance their capacity to provide effective instruc-tion programs designed to prepare English learners, including immigrant children and youth, to enter all-English instruction set-tings; 
‘‘(5) to promote parental, family, and com-
munity participation in language instruction educational programs for the parents, fami-lies, and communities of English learners; and 
‘‘(6) to provide incentives to grantees to 
implement policies and practices that will lead to significant improvements in the in-struction and achievement of English learn-ers.’’; 
(2) in section 3111— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graphs (A) through (D) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Establishing and implementing, with 
timely and meaningful consultation with local educational agencies representing the geographic diversity of the State, standard-ized statewide entrance and exit procedures, including a requirement that all students who may be English learners are assessed for such status within 30 days of enrollment in a school in the State. ‘‘(B) Providing effective teacher and prin-
cipal preparation, professional development activities, and other evidence-based activi-ties related to the education of English learners, which may include assisting teach-ers, principals, and other educators in— 
‘‘(i) meeting State and local certification 
and licensing requirements for teaching English learners; and 
‘‘(ii) improving teaching skills in meeting 
the diverse needs of English learners, includ-ing how to implement effective programs and curricula on teaching English learners. 
‘‘(C) Planning, evaluation, administration, 
and interagency coordination related to the subgrants referred to in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(D) Providing technical assistance and 
other forms of assistance to eligible entities that are receiving subgrants from a State educational agency under this subpart, in-cluding assistance in— 
‘‘(i) identifying and implementing effective 
language instruction educational programs and curricula for teaching English learners, including those in early childhood settings; 
‘‘(ii) helping English learners meet the 
same State academic standards that all chil-dren are expected to meet; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing, and imple-
menting, measures of English proficiency; and 
‘‘(iv) strengthening and increasing parent, 
family, and community engagement in pro-grams that serve English learners. 
‘‘(E) Providing recognition, which may in-
clude providing financial awards, to recipi-ents of subgrants under section 3115 that have significantly improved the achievement and progress of English learners in meeting— 
‘‘(i) annual timelines and goals for progress 
established under section 1111(c)(1)(K) based on the State’s English language proficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G); and 
‘‘(ii) the challenging State academic stand-
ards described in section 1111(b)(1).’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘D
IRECT ’’ 
before ‘‘A DMINISTRATIVE ’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘direct’’ before ‘‘adminis-
trative costs’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘section 3001(a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 3001’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by inserting 
‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; 
(III) in subparagraph (C)— (aa) by striking ‘‘3303’’ both places it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘3202’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘not more than 0.5 percent 
of such amount shall be reserved for evalua-tion activities conducted by the Secretary and’’; and 
(cc) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod; and 
(IV) by striking subparagraph (D); (ii) by striking paragraphs (2) and (4); (iii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(iv) in paragraph (2)(A), as redesignated by 
clause (iii)— 
(I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘section 3001(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 3001’’; and 
(II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient’’ and all that follows through ‘‘States;’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners in the State bears to the number of English learners in all States, as determined by the Secretary under paragraph (3);’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) U
SE OF DATA FOR DETERMINATIONS .—In 
making State allotments under paragraph (2)(A) for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) determine the number of English 
learners in a State and in all States, using the most accurate, up-to-date data, which 
shall be— 
‘‘(i) data available from the American 
Community Survey conducted by the De-partment of Commerce, which may be multiyear estimates; 
‘‘(ii) the number of students being assessed 
for English language proficiency, based on the State’s English language proficiency as-sessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G), which may be multiyear estimates; or 
‘‘(iii) a combination of data available 
under clauses (i) and (ii); and 
‘‘(B) determine the number of immigrant 
children and youth in the State and in all States based only on data available from the American Community Survey conducted by the Department of Commerce, which may be multiyear estimates.’’; 
(3) in section 3113— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘reason-
ably’’ before ‘‘require’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘making’’ 
and inserting ‘‘awarding’’; and 
(ii) by striking paragraphs (2) through (6) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) describe how the agency will establish 
and implement, with timely and meaningful consultation with local educational agencies representing the geographic diversity of the State, standardized, statewide entrance and exit procedures, including an assurance that all students who may be English learners are assessed for such status within 30 days of en-rollment in a school in the State; 
‘‘(3) provide an assurance that— ‘‘(A) the agency will ensure that eligible 
entities receiving a subgrant under this sub-part comply with the requirement in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(ix) to annually assess in English all English learners who have been in the United States for 3 or more years; 
‘‘(B) the agency will ensure that eligible 
entities receiving a subgrant under this sub-part annually assess the English proficiency of all English learners participating in a pro-gram funded under this subpart, consistent with section 1111(b)(2)(G); 
‘‘(C) in awarding subgrants under section 
3114, the agency will address the needs of school systems of all sizes and in all geo-graphic areas, including school systems with rural and urban schools; 
‘‘(D) subgrants to eligible entities under 
section 3114(d)(1) will be of sufficient size and scope to allow such entities to carry out ef-fective language instruction educational pro-grams for English learners; 
‘‘(E) the agency will require an eligible en-
tity receiving a subgrant under this subpart 
to use the subgrant in ways that will build such recipient’s capacity to continue to offer effective language instruction educational programs that assist English learners in meeting challenging State academic stand-ards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(F) the agency will monitor each eligible 
entity receiving a subgrant under this sub-part for compliance with applicable Federal fiscal requirements; and 
‘‘(G) the plan has been developed in con-
sultation with local educational agencies, teachers, administrators of programs imple-mented under this subpart, parents of English learners, and other relevant stake-holders; 
‘‘(4) describe how the agency will coordi-
nate its programs and activities under this subpart with other programs and activities under this Act and other Acts, as appro-priate; 
‘‘(5) describe how each eligible entity will 
be given the flexibility to teach English learners— 
‘‘(A) using a high-quality, effective lan-
guage instruction curriculum for teaching English learners; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4734 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(B) in the manner the eligible entities de-
termine to be the most effective; 
‘‘(6) describe how the agency will assist eli-
gible entities in meeting— 
‘‘(A) annual timelines and goals for 
progress established under section 1111(c)(1)(K) based on the State’s English lan-guage proficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G); and 
‘‘(B) the challenging State academic stand-
ards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(7) describe how the agency will assist eli-
gible entities in decreasing the number of English learners who have not yet acquired English proficiency within 5 years of their initial classification as an English learner; 
‘‘(8) describe how the agency will ensure 
that the unique needs of the State’s popu-lation of English learners and immigrant children and youth are being addressed; and 
‘‘(9) describe how the agency will monitor 
and evaluate the progress of each eligible en-tity receiving funds under this subpart to-ward meeting the timelines and goals for English proficiency required under section 1111(c)(1)(K) and the steps the State will take to further assist eligible entities if such strategies funded under this part are not ef-fective in making such progress and meeting academic goals established under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(i) for English learners, such as providing technical assistance and modifying such strategies.’’; 
(C) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking 
‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
(D) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘, objec-
tives,’’; 
(4) in section 3114— (A) in subsection (a)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘section 3111(c)(3)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 3111(c)(2)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient 
children’’ both places the term appears and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 3111(c)(3)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 3111(c)(2)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘preceding the fiscal year’’; (5) by striking section 3115 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3115. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES OF SUBGRANTS .—A State 
educational agency may make a subgrant to an eligible entity from funds received by the agency under this subpart only if the entity agrees to expend the funds to improve the education of English learners by assisting the children to learn English and meet the challenging State academic standards de-scribed in section 1111(b)(1). In carrying out activities with such funds, the eligible entity shall use effective approaches and meth-odologies for teaching English learners and immigrant children and youth for the fol-lowing purposes: 
‘‘(1) Developing and implementing new lan-
guage instruction educational programs and academic content instruction programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth, including early childhood education programs, elementary school programs, and secondary school programs. 
‘‘(2) Carrying out highly focused, innova-
tive, locally designed activities to expand or enhance existing language instruction edu-cational programs and academic content in-struction programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth. 
‘‘(3) Implementing, within an individual 
school, schoolwide programs for restruc-turing, reforming, and upgrading all relevant programs, activities, and operations relating to language instruction educational pro-grams and academic content instruction for English learners and immigrant children and youth. 
‘‘(4) Implementing, within the entire juris-
diction of a local educational agency, agen-cy-wide programs for restructuring, reform-
ing, and upgrading all relevant programs, ac-tivities, and operations relating to language instruction educational programs and aca-demic content instruction for English learn-ers and immigrant children and youth. 
‘‘(b) D
IRECT ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .— 
Each eligible entity receiving funds under section 3114(a) for a fiscal year may use not more than 2 percent of such funds for the cost of administering this subpart. 
‘‘(c) R
EQUIRED SUBGRANTEE ACTIVITIES .— 
An eligible entity receiving funds under sec-tion 3114(a) shall use the funds— 
‘‘(1) to increase the English language pro-
ficiency of English learners by providing ef-fective language instruction educational pro-grams that meet the needs of English learn-ers and are based on high-quality research demonstrating success in increasing— 
‘‘(A) English language proficiency; and ‘‘(B) student academic achievement; ‘‘(2) to provide effective professional devel-
opment to classroom teachers (including teachers in classroom settings that are not the settings of language instruction edu-cational programs), principals, other school leaders, administrators, and other school or community-based organizational personnel, that is— 
‘‘(A) designed to improve the instruction 
and assessment of English learners; 
‘‘(B) designed to enhance the ability of 
such teachers, principals, and other school leaders to understand and implement appro-priate curricula, assessment practices, and instruction strategies for English learners; 
‘‘(C) effective in increasing children’s 
English language proficiency or substan-tially increasing the subject matter knowl-edge, teaching knowledge, and teaching skills of such teachers; and 
‘‘(D) of sufficient intensity and duration 
(which shall not include activities such as 1- day or short-term workshops and con-ferences) to have a positive and lasting im-pact on the teachers’ performance in the classroom, except that this subparagraph shall not apply to an activity that is one component of a long-term, comprehensive professional development plan established by a teacher and the teacher’s supervisor based on an assessment of the needs of the teacher, the supervisor, the students of the teacher, and any local educational agency employing the teacher, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(3) to provide and implement effective 
parent, family, and community engagement activities in order to enhance or supplement language instruction educational programs for English Learners. 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZED SUBGRANTEE ACTIVITIES .— 
Subject to subsection (c), an eligible entity receiving funds under section 3114(a) may use the funds to achieve 1 of the purposes de-scribed in subsection (a) by undertaking 1 or more of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Upgrading program objectives and ef-
fective instructional strategies. 
‘‘(2) Improving the instructional program 
for English learners by identifying, acquir-ing, and upgrading curricula, instruction materials, educational software, and assess-ment procedures. 
‘‘(3) Providing to English learners— ‘‘(A) tutorials and academic or career and 
technical education; and 
‘‘(B) intensified instruction. ‘‘(4) Developing and implementing effective 
preschool, elementary school, or secondary school language instruction educational pro-grams that are coordinated with other rel-evant programs and services. 
‘‘(5) Improving the English language pro-
ficiency and academic achievement of English learners. 
‘‘(6) Providing community participation 
programs, family literacy services, and par-ent and family outreach and training activi-
ties to English learners and their families— 
‘‘(A) to improve the English language 
skills of English learners; and 
‘‘(B) to assist parents and families in help-
ing their children to improve their academic achievement and becoming active partici-pants in the education of their children. 
‘‘(7) Improving the instruction of English 
learners, including English learners with a disability, by providing for— 
‘‘(A) the acquisition or development of edu-
cational technology or instructional mate-
rials; 
‘‘(B) access to, and participation in, elec-
tronic networks for materials, training, and communication; and 
‘‘(C) incorporation of the resources de-
scribed in subparagraphs (A) and (B) into curricula and programs, such as those funded under this subpart. 
‘‘(8) Carrying out other activities that are 
consistent with the purposes of this section. 
‘‘(e) A
CTIVITIES BY AGENCIES EXPERIENCING  
SUBSTANTIAL INCREASES IN IMMIGRANT CHIL-
DREN AND YOUTH .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity receiv-
ing funds under section 3114(d)(1) shall use the funds to pay for activities that provide enhanced instructional opportunities for im-migrant children and youth, which may in-clude— 
‘‘(A) family literacy, parent and family 
outreach, and training activities designed to assist parents and families to become active participants in the education of their chil-dren; 
‘‘(B) recruitment of, and support for per-
sonnel, including early childhood educators, teachers, paraprofessionals who have been specifically trained, or are being trained, to provide services to immigrant children and youth; 
‘‘(C) provision of tutorials, mentoring, and 
academic or career counseling for immigrant children and youth; 
‘‘(D) identification and acquisition of cur-
ricular materials, educational software, and technologies to be used in the program car-ried out with funds; 
‘‘(E) basic instruction services that are di-
rectly attributable to the presence of immi-grant children and youth in the local edu-cational agency involved, including the pay-ment of costs of providing additional class-room supplies, costs of transportation, or such other costs as are directly attributable to such additional basic instructional serv-ices; 
‘‘(F) other instructional services that are 
designed to assist immigrant children and youth to achieve in elementary schools and secondary schools in the United States, such as programs of introduction to the edu-cational system and civics education; and 
‘‘(G) activities, coordinated with commu-
nity-based organizations, institutions of higher education, private sector entities, or other entities with expertise in working with immigrants, to assist parents and families of immigrant children and youth by offering comprehensive community services. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION OF SUBGRANTS .—The dura-
tion of a subgrant made by a State edu-cational agency under section 3114(d)(1) shall be determined by the agency in its discre-tion. 
‘‘(f) S
ELECTION OF METHOD OF INSTRUC -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To receive a subgrant 
from a State educational agency under this subpart, an eligible entity shall select one or more methods or forms of effective instruc-tion to be used in the programs and activi-ties undertaken by the entity to assist English learners to attain English language 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4735 July 7, 2015 
proficiency and meet challenging State aca-
demic standards described in section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(2) C
ONSISTENCY .—Such selection shall be 
consistent with sections 3124 through 3126. 
‘‘(g) S UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Federal 
funds made available under this subpart shall be used so as to supplement the level of Federal, State, and local public funds that, in the absence of such availability, would have been expended for programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth and in no case to supplant such Federal, State, and local public funds.’’; 
(6) in section 3116— (A) in subsection (b), by striking para-
graphs (1) through (6) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) describe the high-quality programs 
and activities proposed to be developed, im-plemented, and administered under the subgrant and how these activities will help English learners increase their English lan-guage proficiency and meet the challenging State academic standards described in sec-tion 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) describe how the eligible entity will 
ensure that elementary schools and sec-ondary schools receiving funds under this subpart assist English learners in meeting— 
‘‘(A) annual timelines and goals for 
progress established under 1111(c)(1)(K) based on the State’s English language proficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G); and 
‘‘(B) the challenging State academic stand-
ards described in section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(3) describe how the eligible entity will 
promote parent, family, and community en-gagement in the education of English learn-ers; 
‘‘(4) describe how language instruction edu-
cational programs carried out under the subgrant will ensure that English learners being served by the programs develop English proficiency and demonstrate such proficiency through academic content mas-tery; 
‘‘(5) contain assurances that— ‘‘(A) each local educational agency that is 
included in the eligible entity is complying with section 1112(d)(2) prior to, and through-out, each school year as of the date of appli-cation, and will continue to comply with such section throughout each school year for which the grant is received; 
‘‘(B) the eligible entity complies with any 
State law, including State constitutional law, regarding the education of English learners, consistent with sections 3125 and 3126; 
‘‘(C) the eligible entity has based its pro-
posed plan on high-quality research on teaching English learners; 
‘‘(D) the eligible entity consulted with 
teachers, researchers, school administrators, parents and family members, community members, public or private entities, and in-stitutions of higher education, in developing and implementing such plan; and 
‘‘(E) the eligible entity will, if applicable, 
coordinate activities and share relevant data under the plan with local Head Start and Early Head Start agencies, including mi-grant and seasonal Head Start agencies, and other early childhood education providers.’’; 
(B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(C) by striking subsection (d); (7) by striking section 3121 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3121. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a subgrant from a State educational agency under subpart 1 shall provide such agency, at the conclusion of every second fis-cal year during which the subgrant is re-ceived, with a report, in a form prescribed by 
the agency, on the activities conducted and children served under such subpart that in-cludes— 
‘‘(1) a description of the programs and ac-
tivities conducted by the entity with funds received under subpart 1 during the 2 imme-diately preceding fiscal years; 
‘‘(2) the number and percentage of English 
learners in the programs and activities who meet the annual State-determined goals for progress established under section 1111(c)(1)(K), including disaggregated, at a minimum, by— 
‘‘(A) long-term English learners; and ‘‘(B) English learners with a disability; ‘‘(3) the number and percentage of English 
learners in the programs and activities at-taining English language proficiency based on State English language proficiency stand-ards established under section 1111(b)(1)(F) by the end of each school year, as deter-mined by the State’s English language pro-ficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(G); 
‘‘(4) the number and percentage of English 
learners who exit the language instruction educational programs based on their attain-ment of English language proficiency; 
‘‘(5) the number and percentage of English 
learners meeting challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1) for each of the 4 years after such children are no longer receiving services under this part, in-cluding disaggregated, at a minimum, by— 
‘‘(A) long-term English learners; and ‘‘(B) English learners with a disability; ‘‘(6) the number and percentage of English 
learners who have not attained English lan-guage proficiency within 5 years of initial classification as an English learner; and 
‘‘(7) any other information as the State 
educational agency may require. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—A report provided by an eli-
gible entity under subsection (a) shall be used by the entity and the State educational agency for improvement or programs and ac-tivities under this part. 
‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR SPECIALLY QUALI-
FIED AGENCIES .—Each specially qualified 
agency receiving a grant under this part shall provide the reports described in sub-section (a) to the Secretary subject to the same requirements as apply to eligible enti-ties providing such evaluations to State edu-cational agencies under such subsection.’’; 
(8) in section 3122, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(2)— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘evaluations’’ and inserting 
‘‘reports’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘children who are limited 
English proficient’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient 
children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘children who are limited 
English proficient’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 
3111(b)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3111(b)(2)(D)’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘major 
findings of scientifically based research car-ried out under this part’’ and inserting ‘‘find-ings of the evaluation related to English learners carried out under section 9601’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (8)— (I) by striking ‘‘of limited English pro-
ficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘of English learners’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘into classrooms where in-
struction is not tailored for limited English proficient children’’; and (v) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘title’’ and 
inserting ‘‘part’’; 
(9) in section 3123, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(2)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘children of limited 
English proficiency’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient 
children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; 
(10) in section 3124, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(2)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘limited 
English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; 
(11) in section 3128, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(2), by striking ‘‘limited English proficient children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(12) by striking section 3131 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3131. NATIONAL PROFESSIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT PROJECT. 
‘‘The Secretary shall use funds made avail-
able under section 3111(c)(1)(C) to award grants on a competitive basis, for a period of not more than 5 years, to institutions of higher education or public or private entities with relevant experience and capacity (in consortia with State educational agencies or local educational agencies) to provide for professional development, capacity building, or evidence-based activities that will im-prove classroom instruction for English learners and assist educational personnel working with such children to meet high professional standards, including standards for certification and licensure as teachers who work in language instruction edu-cational programs or serve English learners. Grants awarded under this section may be used— 
‘‘(1) for preservice or inservice effective 
professional development programs that will assist local schools and may assist institu-tions of higher education to upgrade the qualifications and skills of educational per-sonnel who are not certified or licensed, es-pecially educational paraprofessionals, and for other activities to increase teacher and school leader effectiveness; 
‘‘(2) for the development of curricula or 
other instructional strategies appropriate to the needs of the consortia participants in-volved; 
‘‘(3) to support strategies that strengthen 
and increase parent, family, and community member engagement in the education of English learners; 
‘‘(4) to develop, share, and disseminate ef-
fective practices in the instruction of English learners and in increasing the stu-dent academic achievement of English learn-ers, such as through the use of technology- based programs; 
‘‘(5) in conjunction with other Federal 
need-based student financial assistance pro-grams, for financial assistance, and costs re-lated to tuition, fees, and books for enrolling in courses required to complete the degree involved, to meet certification or licensing requirements for teachers who work in lan-guage instruction educational programs or serve English learners; and 
‘‘(6) as appropriate, to support strategies 
that promote school readiness of English learners and their transition from early childhood education programs, such as Head Start or State-run preschool programs to el-ementary school programs.’’. 
SEC. 3004. OTHER PROVISIONS. 
Part B of title III, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(4), is amended— 
(1) in section 3201, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(5)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4736 July 7, 2015 
(A) by striking paragraphs (3), (4), and (5); 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) one or more local educational agen-
cies; or 
‘‘(B) one or more local educational agen-
cies, in collaboration with an institution of higher education, educational service agen-cy, community-based organization, or State educational agency. 
‘‘(4) E
NGLISH LEARNER WITH A DISABILITY .— 
The term ‘English learner with a disability’ means an English learner who is also a child with a disability, as that term is defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act.’’; 
(C) by redesignating paragraphs (6) 
through (8) as paragraphs (5) through (7), re-spectively; 
(D) in paragraph (7)(A), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘a limited English proficient child’’ and inserting ‘‘an English learner’’; 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(8) L
ONG-TERM ENGLISH LEARNER .—The 
term ‘long-term English learner’ means an English learner who has attended schools in the United States for not less than 5 years and who has not yet exited from English learner status by the culmination of the fifth year of services.’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (13), by striking ‘‘, as de-
fined in section 3141,’’; and 
(2) in section 3202, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(5)— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘limited English proficient chil-dren’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘lim-
ited English proficient children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘English learners, including English learners with a disability (as defined in sec-tion 3141), that includes information on best practices on instructing and serving English learners’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘lim-
ited English proficient children’’ and insert-ing ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(3) in section 3203, as redesignated by sec-
tion 3001(5)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient 
individuals’’ and inserting ‘‘English learn-ers’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient 
children’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’. 
SEC. 3005. AMERICAN COMMUNITY SURVEY RE-
SEARCH. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Director of the Institute 
of Education Sciences and the Secretary of Education, in consultation with the Director of the Bureau of the Census, shall conduct research on the accuracy of the American Community Survey language items for as-sessing population prevalence of English learner children and youth, including— 
(1) the strength of such survey’s associa-
tion with more comprehensive English lan-guage proficiency measures; 
(2) the effects on responses of situational, 
cultural, demographic, and socioeconomic factors; 
(3) placement of the item in the question-
naire; and 
(4) the ability of adult responders to make 
English language proficiency distinctions. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Director of the 
Bureau of the Census shall use the results of the study described in subsection (a) to im-prove the accuracy of the American Commu-nity Survey language items for assessing population prevalence of English learner stu-dents. TITLE IV—SAFE AND HEALTHY STUDENTS 
SEC. 4001. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating subpart 3 of part A as 
subpart 5 of part F of title IX, as redesig-nated by section 9106(1), and moving that subpart to follow subpart 4 of part F of title IX, as redesignated by sections 2001 and 9106(1); 
(2) by redesignating section 4141 as section 
9561; 
(3) by redesignating section 4155 as section 
9537 and moving that section so as to follow section 9536; 
(4) by redesignating part C as subpart 6 of 
part F of title IX, as redesignated by section 9106(1), and moving that subpart to follow subpart 5 of part F of title IX, as redesig-nated by section 9106(1) and paragraph (1); 
(5) by redesignating sections 4301, 4302, 
4303, and 4304, as sections 9571, 9572, 9573, and 9574, respectively; and 
(6) by striking the title heading and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘TITLE IV—SAFE AND HEALTHY 
STUDENTS’’. 
SEC. 4002. GRANTS TO STATES AND LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
Part A of title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART A—GRANTS TO STATES AND LOCAL 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES 
‘‘SEC. 4101. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to improve 
students’ safety, health, well-being, and aca-demic achievement during and after the school day by— 
‘‘(1) increasing the capacity of local edu-
cational agencies, schools, and local commu-nities to improve conditions for learning through the creation of safe, healthy, sup-portive, and drug-free environments; 
‘‘(2) carrying out programs designed to im-
prove school safety and promote students’ physical and mental health and well-being; 
‘‘(3) preventing and reducing substance use 
and abuse, school violence, harassment, and bullying; and 
‘‘(4) strengthening parent and community 
engagement to ensure a healthy, safe, and supportive school environment. 
‘‘SEC. 4102. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCE .—The term 
‘controlled substance’ means a drug or other substance identified under Schedule I, II, III, IV, or V in section 202(c) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812(c)). 
‘‘(2) D
RUG.—The term ‘drug’ includes con-
trolled substances, the illegal use of alcohol or tobacco (including smokeless tobacco products and electronic cigarettes), and the harmful, abusive, or addictive use of sub-stances, including inhalants and anabolic steroids. 
‘‘(3) D
RUG AND VIOLENCE PREVENTION .—The 
term ‘drug and violence prevention’ means— 
‘‘(A) with respect to drugs, prevention, 
early intervention, rehabilitation referral, or education related to the illegal use of drugs, such as raising awareness about the evi-dence-based consequences of drug use; and 
‘‘(B) with respect to violence, the pro-
motion of school safety, such that students and school personnel are free from violent and disruptive acts, including sexual harass-ment and abuse, and victimization associ-ated with prejudice and intolerance, on school premises, going to and from school, and at school-sponsored activities, through the creation and maintenance of a school en-vironment that is free of weapons and fosters individual responsibility and respect for the rights of others. 
‘‘(4) S
CHOOL -BASED MENTAL HEALTH SERV -
ICES PROVIDER .—The term ‘school-based men-tal health services provider’ includes a State 
licensed or State certified school counselor, school psychologist, school social worker, or other State licensed or certified mental health professional qualified under State law to provide such mental health services to children and adolescents, including children in early childhood education programs. 
‘‘(5) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘SEC. 4103. FORMULA GRANTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATIONS .—From the total 
amount appropriated under section 4108 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) not more than 5 percent for national 
activities, which the Secretary may carry out directly or through grants, contracts, or agreements with public or private entities or individuals, or other Federal agencies, such as providing technical assistance to States and local educational agencies carrying out activities under this part or conducting a na-tional evaluation; 
‘‘(2) one-half of 1 percent for allotments for 
the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, to be distrib-uted among those outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with the purpose of this part; 
‘‘(3) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary 
of the Interior for programs under this part in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
‘‘(4) such funds as may be necessary for the 
Project School Emergency Response to Vio-lence program (referred to as ‘Project SERV’), which is authorized to provide edu-cation-related services to local educational agencies and institutions of higher education in which the learning environment has been disrupted due to a violent or traumatic cri-sis, and which funds shall remain available for obligation until expended. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A LLOTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In accordance with sub-
paragraph (B), the Secretary shall allot among each of the States the total amount made available to carry out this part for any fiscal year and not reserved under subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF STATE ALLOTMENT  
AMOUNTS .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Sec-
retary shall allot the amount made available under subparagraph (A) for a fiscal year among the States in proportion to the num-ber of individuals, aged 5 to 17, who reside within the State and are from families with incomes below the poverty line for the most recent fiscal year for which satisfactory data are available, compared to the number of such individuals who reside in all such States for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) S
MALL STATE MINIMUM .—No State re-
ceiving an allotment under paragraph (1) shall receive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under such paragraph. 
‘‘(3) P
UERTO RICO .—The amount allotted 
under subparagraph (A) to the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico for a fiscal year may not exceed one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under such subparagraph. 
‘‘(4) R
EALLOTMENT .—If a State does not re-
ceive an allotment under this part for a fis-cal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the re-maining States in accordance with this sec-tion. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE USE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives 
an allotment under this section shall reserve not less than 95 percent of the amount allot-ted to such State under subsection (b), for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4737 July 7, 2015 
each fiscal year, for subgrants to local edu-
cational agencies, which may include con-sortia of such agencies, under section 4104. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—A State edu-
cational agency shall use not more than 1 percent of the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) for the adminis-trative costs of carrying out its responsibil-ities under this part. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—A State edu-
cational agency shall use the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) and not reserved under paragraph (1) for ac-tivities and programs designed to meet the purposes of this part, which— 
‘‘(A) shall include— ‘‘(i) providing training, technical assist-
ance, and capacity building to local edu-cational agencies that are recipients of a subgrant under section 4104, which may in-clude identifying and disseminating best practices for professional development and capacity building for teachers, administra-tors, and specialized instructional support personnel in schools that are served by local educational agencies under this part; and 
‘‘(ii) publicly reporting on how funds made 
available under this part are being expended by local educational agencies under section 4104; and 
‘‘(B) may include— ‘‘(i) identifying and eliminating State bar-
riers to the coordination and integration of programs, initiatives, and funding streams that meet the purposes of this part, so that local educational agencies can better coordi-nate with other agencies, schools and com-munity-based services and programs; 
‘‘(ii) assisting local educational agencies to 
expand access to or coordination of resources for school-based counseling and mental health programs, such as through school- based mental health services partnership programs described in section 4105(a)(4)(C); 
‘‘(iii) supporting programs and activities 
that offer a variety of well-rounded edu-cational experiences to students; 
‘‘(iv) supporting activities that promote 
physical and mental health and well-being for students and staff; 
‘‘(v) designing and implementing a grant 
process for local entities that wish to use funds to reduce exclusionary discipline prac-
tices in elementary schools and secondary schools, in a manner consistent with State or federally identified best practices on the subject; 
‘‘(vi) assisting in the creation of a con-
tinuum of evidence-based or promising prac-tices in the reduction of juvenile delin-quency; 
‘‘(vii) promoting gender equity in edu-
cation by supporting local educational agen-cies in meeting the requirements of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.); 
‘‘(viii) providing local educational agencies 
with evidence-based resources— 
‘‘(I) addressing— ‘‘(aa) student athletic safety, such as de-
veloping a plan for concussion safety and re-covery practices (which may include policies that prohibit student athletes suspected of having a concussion from returning to play the same day); 
‘‘(bb) cardiac conditions such as cardio-
myopathy; and 
‘‘(cc) exposure to excessive heat and hu-
midity; and 
‘‘(II) relating to the development of rec-
ommended guidelines for an emergency ac-tion plan for youth athletics; and 
‘‘(ix) other activities identified by the 
State that meet the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(d) S
TATE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under this section for any fiscal year, a State shall submit a plan to the Sec-retary, at such time and in such manner as 
the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each plan submitted by a 
State under this section shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will use funds received under this part for State-level activities. 
‘‘(B) A description of program objectives 
and outcomes for activities under this part. 
‘‘(C) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will review existing re-sources and programs across the State and will coordinate any new plans and resources under this part with such existing programs and resources. 
‘‘(D) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will monitor the implemen-tation of activities under this part and pro-vide technical assistance to local edu-cational agencies in carrying out such ac-tivities. 
‘‘(3) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each State receiving 
a grant under this part shall annually pre-pare and submit a report to the Secretary, which shall include— 
‘‘(A) how the State and local educational 
agencies used funds provided under this part; and 
‘‘(B) the degree to which the State and 
local educational agencies have made progress toward meeting the objectives and outcomes described in the plan submitted by the State under paragraph (2)(B). 
‘‘SEC. 4104. SUBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) A LLOCATIONS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives an 
allotment under this part for a fiscal year shall provide the amount made available under section 4103(c)(1) for subgrants to local educational agencies, which may include consortia of such agencies, in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(2) F
UNDS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CIES.—From the funds reserved by a State 
under section 4103(c)(1), the State shall allo-
cate to each local educational agency or con-sortium of such agencies in the State an amount that bears the same relationship to such funds as the number of individuals aged 5 to 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the geographic area served by the agency, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of such individuals in the geographic areas served by all the local educational agencies in the State, as so determined. 
‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Of the 
amount received under paragraph (2), a local educational agency or consortium of such agencies may use not more than 2 percent for the direct administrative costs of car-rying out its responsibilities under this part. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a subgrant under this section, a local edu-cational agency or consortium of such agen-cies shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reason-ably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency or consortium of such agencies shall conduct a needs assessment described in paragraph (3), and develop its application, through consultation with parents, teachers, principals, school leaders, specialized in-structional support personnel, early child-hood educators, students, community-based organizations, local government representa-tives (which may include a local law enforce-ment agency, local juvenile court, local child welfare agency, or local public housing agen-cy), Indian tribes or tribal organizations (if 
applicable) that may be located in the region served by the local educational agency, and others with relevant and demonstrated ex-pertise in programs and activities designed to meet the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTINUED CONSULTATION .—On an on-
going basis, the local educational agency or consortium of such agencies shall consult with the individuals and organizations de-scribed in subparagraph (A) in order to seek advice regarding how best— 
‘‘(i) to improve the local activities in order 
to meet the purpose of this part; and 
‘‘(ii) to coordinate such activities under 
this part with other related strategies, pro-grams, and activities being conducted in the community. 
‘‘(3) N
EEDS ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a subgrant under this section, a local edu-cational agency or consortium of such agen-cies shall conduct a comprehensive needs as-sessment of the local educational agency or agencies proposed to be served and of all schools within the jurisdiction of the local educational agency or agencies proposed to be served. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In conducting the 
needs assessment required under subpara-graph (A), the local educational agency or consortium of such agencies shall— 
‘‘(i) take into account applicable and avail-
able school-level data on indicators or meas-ures of school quality, climate and safety, and discipline, including those described in section 1111(d)(1)(C)(v); and 
‘‘(ii) take into account risk factors in the 
community, school, family, or peer-indi-vidual domains that— 
‘‘(I) are known through prospective, longi-
tudinal research efforts to be predictive of drug use, violent behavior, harassment, dis-ciplinary issues, and to have an effect on the physical and mental health and well-being of youth in the school and community; and 
‘‘(II) may include using available State and 
local data on incidence, prevalence, and per-ception of such risk factors. 
‘‘(4) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under this subsection shall be based on the needs assessment described in para-graph (3) and shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) The results of the needs assessment 
described in paragraph (3) and an identifica-tion of each school that will be served by a subgrant under this section. 
‘‘(B) A description of the activities that 
the local educational agency or consortium of such agencies will carry out under this part and how these activities are aligned 
with the results of the needs assessment con-ducted under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(C) A description of the performance indi-
cators that the local educational agency or consortium of such agencies will use to evaluate the effectiveness of the activities carried out under this section. 
‘‘(D) a description of the programs or ac-
tivities that the local educational agency or consortium of such agencies will carry out under this part to assist schools in facili-tating safe relationship behavior between and among students, as determined nec-essary by the local educational agency to meet the purposes of this part and which may include— 
‘‘(i) providing age-appropriate education 
and training, and 
‘‘(ii) improving instructional practices on 
developing effective communication skills, and on how to recognize and prevent coer-cion, violence, or abuse, including teen and dating violence, stalking, domestic abuse, and sexual violence and harassment. 
‘‘(E) An assurance that such activities will 
comply with the principles of effectiveness described in section 4105(b), and foster a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4738 July 7, 2015 
healthy, safe, and supportive school environ-
ment that improves students’ safety, health, and well-being during and after the school day. 
‘‘(F) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency or consortium of such agen-cies will prioritize the distribution of funds to schools served by the local educational agency or consortium of such agencies that— 
‘‘(i) are among the schools with the great-
est needs as identified through the needs as-sessment conducted under paragraph (3); 
‘‘(ii) have the highest percentages or num-
bers of children counted under section 1124(c); 
‘‘(iii) are identified under section 
1114(a)(1)(A); or 
‘‘(iv) are identified as a persistently dan-
gerous public elementary school or sec-ondary school under section 9532. 
‘‘(G) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency or consortium of such agen-cies will comply with section 9501 (regarding equitable participation by private school children and teachers). 
‘‘SEC. 4105. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AU-
THORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ACTIVI -
TIES.—A local educational agency or consor-
tium of such agencies that receives a subgrant under section 4104 shall use the subgrant funds to develop, implement, and evaluate comprehensive programs and ac-tivities, which are coordinated with other schools and community-based services and programs and may be conducted in partner-ship with nonprofit organizations with a demonstrated record of success in imple-menting activities, that are in accordance with the purpose of this part and— 
‘‘(1) foster safe, healthy, supportive, and 
drug-free environments that support student academic achievement; 
‘‘(2) are consistent with the principles of 
effectiveness described in subsection (b); 
‘‘(3) promote the involvement of parents in 
the activity or program, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(4) may include, among other programs 
and activities— 
‘‘(A) drug and violence prevention activi-
ties and programs (including programs to educate students against the use of alcohol, tobacco, marijuana, smokeless tobacco prod-ucts, and electronic cigarettes), including professional development and training for school and specialized instructional support personnel and interested community mem-bers in prevention, education, early identi-fication, and intervention mentoring, and, where appropriate, rehabilitation referral, as related to drug and violence prevention; 
‘‘(B) programs that support extended learn-
ing opportunities, including before- and after-school programs and activities, pro-grams during summer recess periods, and ex-panded learning time; 
‘‘(C) in accordance with subsections (c) and 
(d), school-based mental health services, in-cluding early identification of mental-health symptoms, drug use and violence, and appro-priate referrals to direct individual or group counseling services provided by qualified school or community-based mental health services providers; 
‘‘(D) in accordance with subsections (c) and 
(d), school-based mental health services partnership programs that— 
‘‘(i) are conducted in partnership with a 
public or private mental-health entity or health care entity, which may also include a child welfare agency, family-based mental health entity, trauma network, or other community-based entity; and 
‘‘(ii) provide comprehensive school-based 
mental health services and supports and staff development for school and community personnel working in the school that are based on trauma-informed and evidence practices, are coordinated (where appro-
priate) with early intervening services car-ried out under the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, are provided by quali-fied mental and behavioral health profes-sionals who are certified or licensed by the State involved and practicing within their area of expertise, and may include— 
‘‘(I) the early identification of social, emo-
tional, or behavioral problems, or substance use disorders, and the provision of early in-tervening services; 
‘‘(II) notwithstanding section 4107, the 
treatment or referral for treatment of stu-dents with social, emotional, or behavioral health problems, or substance use disorders; 
‘‘(III) the development and implementation 
of programs to assist children in dealing with trauma and violence; and 
‘‘(IV) the development of mechanisms, 
based on best practices, for children to re-port incidents of violence or plans by other children or adults to commit violence; 
‘‘(E) emergency planning and intervention 
services following traumatic crisis events; 
‘‘(F) programs that train school personnel 
to identify warning signs of youth drug abuse and suicide; 
‘‘(G) mentoring programs and activities for 
children who— 
‘‘(i) are at risk of academic failure, drop-
ping out of school, or involvement in crimi-nal or delinquent activities, drug use and abuse; or 
‘‘(ii) lack strong positive role models; ‘‘(H) early childhood, elementary school, 
and secondary school counseling programs, including college and career guidance pro-grams, such as— 
‘‘(i) postsecondary education and career 
awareness and exploration activities; 
‘‘(ii) efforts to enhance the use of informa-
tion about local workforce needs in postsec-ondary education and career guidance pro-grams, which may include training coun-selors to effectively utilize labor market in-formation in assisting students with postsec-ondary education and career planning; 
‘‘(iii) the development of personalized 
learning plans for students; and 
‘‘(iv) financial literacy and Federal finan-
cial aid awareness activities; 
‘‘(I) programs or activities that support a 
healthy, active lifestyle, including nutri-tional education and regular, structured physical education programs for early child-hood, elementary school, and secondary school students; 
‘‘(J) implementation of schoolwide positive 
behavioral interventions and supports, in-cluding through coordination with similar 
activities carried out under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, in order to improve academic outcomes for students and reduce the need for suspensions, expulsions, and other actions that remove students from instruction; 
‘‘(K) programs and activities that offer a 
variety of well-rounded educational experi-ence for students, such as those that— 
‘‘(i) use music and the arts as tools to pro-
mote constructive student engagement, problem solving, and conflict resolution; or 
‘‘(ii) further students’ understanding and 
knowledge of computer science from elemen-tary school through secondary school; 
‘‘(L) systems of high-capacity, integrated 
student supports; 
‘‘(M) strategies that establish learning en-
vironments to further students’ academic and nonacademic skills essential for school readiness and academic success, such as by providing integrated systems of student and family supports and building teacher, prin-cipal, and other school leader capacity; 
‘‘(N) bullying and harassment prevention 
programs or activities, including profes-sional development and training for school and specialized instructional support per-
sonnel in the prevention, early identifica-tion, and early intervention, as related to bullying and harassment; 
‘‘(O) programs or activities designed to in-
crease school safety and improve school cli-mate, which may include training for school personnel related to conflict prevention and resolution practices and raising awareness of issues such as— 
‘‘(i) suicide prevention; ‘‘(ii) effective and trauma-informed prac-
tices in classroom management; 
‘‘(iii) crisis management techniques; ‘‘(iv) conflict resolution practices; ‘‘(v) human trafficking (defined, for pur-
poses of this subparagraph, as an act or prac-tice described in paragraph (9) or (10) of sec-tion 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)); and 
‘‘(vi) school-based violence prevention 
strategies; 
‘‘(P) programs or activities that integrate 
health and safety practices into school or athletic programs, such as developing a plan for concussion safety and recovery or cardiac safety or implementing an excessive heat ac-tion plan to be used during school-sponsored athletic activities; 
‘‘(Q) pay-for-success initiatives that 
produce a measurable, clearly defined out-come that results in social benefit and direct cost savings to the local, State, or Federal Government; 
‘‘(R) programs or activities to connect 
youth who are involved in, or are at risk of involvement in, juvenile delinquency or street gang activity to evidence-based and promising prevention and intervention prac-tices related to juvenile delinquency and criminal street gang activity; 
‘‘(S) child sexual abuse awareness and pre-
vention programs or activities, such as pro-grams or activities designed to provide— 
‘‘(i) age-appropriate and developmentally- 
appropriate instruction for early childhood education program, elementary school, and secondary school students in child sexual abuse awareness and prevention, including how to recognize child sexual abuse and how to safely report child sexual abuse; and 
‘‘(ii) information to parents and guardians 
of early childhood education program, ele-
mentary school, and secondary school stu-dents about child sexual abuse awareness and prevention, including how to recognize child sexual abuse and how to discuss child sexual abuse with a child; 
‘‘(T) the development and implementation 
of a school asthma management plan; 
‘‘(U) assisting schools in educating chil-
dren facing substance abuse in the home, which may include providing professional de-velopment, training, and technical assist-ance to elementary schools and secondary schools that serve communities with high rates of substance abuse; 
‘‘(V) instructional and support activities 
and programs, such as activities and pro-grams addressing chronic disease manage-ment, led by school nurses, nurse practi-tioners, social workers, and other appro-priate specialists or professionals to help maintain the well-being of students; 
‘‘(W) programs and activities that facili-
tate safe relationship behavior between and among students; and 
‘‘(X) other activities and programs identi-
fied as necessary by the local educational agency through the needs assessment con-ducted under section 4104(b)(3) that will in-crease student achievement and otherwise meet the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(b) P
RINCIPLES OF EFFECTIVENESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For a program or activ-
ity developed or carried out under this part to meet principles of effectiveness, such pro-gram or activity shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4739 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(A) be based upon an assessment of objec-
tive data regarding the need for programs and activities in the early childhood, ele-mentary school, secondary school, or com-munity to be served to— 
‘‘(i) improve school safety and promote 
students’ physical and mental health and well-being, healthy eating and nutrition, and physical fitness; and 
‘‘(ii) strengthen parent and community en-
gagement to ensure a healthy, safe, and sup-portive school environment; 
‘‘(B) be based upon established State re-
quirements and evidence-based criteria aimed at ensuring a healthy, safe, and sup-portive school environment for students in the early childhood, elementary school, sec-ondary school, or community that will be served by the program; and 
‘‘(C) include meaningful and ongoing con-
sultation with and input from teachers, prin-cipals, school leaders, and parents in the de-velopment of the application and adminis-tration of the program or activity. 
‘‘(2) P
ERIODIC EVALUATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The program or activity 
shall undergo a periodic independent, third- party evaluation to assess the extent to which the program or activity has helped the local educational agency or school provide students with a healthy, safe, and supportive school environment that promotes school safety and students’ physical and mental health and well-being. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF RESULTS .—The local edu-
cational agency or consortium of such agen-cies shall ensure that the results of the peri-odic evaluations described under subpara-graph (A) are— 
‘‘(i) used to refine, improve, and strengthen 
the program or activity, and to refine locally determined criteria described under para-graph (1)(B); and 
‘‘(ii) made available to the public and the 
State. 
‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed to authorize the Secretary or any other officer or employee of the Federal Government to mandate, direct, or control, the principles of effectiveness de-veloped or utilized by a local educational agency under this subsection. 
‘‘(c) P
ARENTAL CONSENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency receiving a subgrant under this part shall obtain prior written, informed consent from the parent of each child who is under 18 years of age to participate in any mental- health assessment service or treatment that is funded under this part and conducted in connection with an elementary school or sec-ondary school under this part. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1), the written, informed consent de-scribed in such paragraph shall not be re-quired in— 
‘‘(A) an emergency, where it is necessary 
to protect the immediate health and safety of the student, other students, or school per-sonnel; or 
‘‘(B) other instances where parental con-
sent cannot be reasonably obtained, as de-fined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) P
RIVACY .—Each local educational 
agency receiving a subgrant under this part shall ensure that student mental health records are accorded the privacy protections provided under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly referred to as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘SEC. 4106. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds made available under this part 
shall be used to supplement, and not sup-plant, non-Federal funds that would other-wise be used for activities authorized under this part. ‘‘SEC. 4107. PROHIBITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P ROHIBITED USE OF FUNDS .—No funds 
under this part may be used for— 
‘‘(1) construction; or ‘‘(2) medical services or drug treatment or 
rehabilitation, except for integrated student supports or referral to treatment for im-pacted students, which may include students who are victims of, or witnesses to, crime or who illegally use drugs. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON MANDATORY MEDICA -
TION.—No child shall be required to obtain a 
prescription for a substance covered by the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) as a condition of receiving an evalua-tion, services, or attending a school receiv-ing assistance under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 4108. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 4003. 21ST CENTURY COMMUNITY LEARNING 
CENTERS. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—Part B of title 
IV (20 U.S.C. 7171 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART B—21ST CENTURY COMMUNITY 
LEARNING CENTERS 
‘‘SEC. 4201. PURPOSE; DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this part is 
to provide opportunities for communities to establish or expand activities in community learning centers that— 
‘‘(1) provide opportunities for academic en-
richment, including providing tutorial serv-ices to help students, particularly students who attend low-performing schools, to meet challenging State academic standards de-scribed in section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) offer students a broad array of addi-
tional services, programs, and activities, such as youth development activities, serv-ice learning, nutrition and health education, drug and violence prevention programs, counseling programs, art, music, physical fitness and wellness programs, technology education programs, financial literacy pro-grams, environmental literacy programs, mathematics, science, career and technical programs, internship or apprenticeship pro-grams, and other ties to an in-demand indus-try sector or occupation for high school stu-dents that are designed to reinforce and com-plement the regular academic program of participating students; and 
‘‘(3) offer families of students served by 
community learning centers opportunities for active and meaningful engagement in their children’s education, including oppor-tunities for literacy and related educational development. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) C OMMUNITY LEARNING CENTER .—The 
term ‘community learning center’ means an entity that— 
‘‘(A) assists students to meet challenging 
State academic standards described in sec-tion 1111(b)(1) by providing the students with academic enrichment activities and a broad array of other activities (such as programs and activities described in subsection (a)(2)) during nonschool hours or periods when school is not in session (such as before and after school or during summer recess) that— 
‘‘(i) reinforce and complement the regular 
academic programs of the schools attended by the students served; and 
‘‘(ii) are targeted to the students’ academic 
needs and aligned with the instruction stu-dents receive during the school day; and 
‘‘(B) offers families of students served by 
such center opportunities for literacy, and related educational development and oppor-tunities for active and meaningful engage-ment in their children’s education. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED PROGRAM .—The term ‘covered 
program’ means a program for which — 
‘‘(A) the Secretary made a grant under 
part B of title IV (as such part was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015); and 
‘‘(B) the grant period had not ended on 
that date of enactment. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means a local educational agency, community-based organization, Indian tribe or tribal organization (as such terms are de-fined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)), another public or private entity, or a consor-tium of 2 or more such agencies, organiza-tions, or entities. 
‘‘(4) E
XTERNAL ORGANIZATION .—The term 
‘external organization’ means— 
‘‘(A) a nonprofit organization with a record 
of success in running or working with after school programs; or 
‘‘(B) in the case of a community where 
there is no such organization, a nonprofit or-ganization in the community that enters into a formal agreement or partnership with an organization described in subparagraph (A) to receive mentoring and guidance. 
‘‘(5) R
IGOROUS PEER -REVIEW PROCESS .—The 
term ‘rigorous peer-review process’ means a process by which— 
‘‘(A) employees of a State educational 
agency who are familiar with the 21st cen-tury community learning center program under this part review all applications that the State receives for awards under this part for completeness and applicant eligibility; 
‘‘(B) the State educational agency selects 
peer reviewers for such applications, who shall— 
‘‘(i) be selected for their expertise in pro-
viding effective academic, enrichment, youth development, and related services to chil-dren; and 
‘‘(ii) not include any applicant, or rep-
resentative of an applicant, that has sub-mitted an application under this part for the current application period; and 
‘‘(C) the peer reviewers described in sub-
paragraph (B) review and rate the applica-tions to determine the extent to which the applications meet the requirements under sections 4204(b) and 4205. 
‘‘(6) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘SEC. 4202. ALLOTMENTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION .—From the funds appro-
priated under section 4206 for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) such amounts as may be necessary to 
make continuation awards to grant recipi-ents under covered programs (under the terms of those grants); 
‘‘(2) not more than 1 percent for national 
activities, which the Secretary may carry out directly or through grants and contracts, such as providing technical assistance to eli-gible entities carrying out programs under this part or conducting a national evalua-tion; and 
‘‘(3) not more than 1 percent for payments 
to the outlying areas and the Bureau of In-dian Affairs, to be allotted in accordance with their respective needs for assistance under this part, as determined by the Sec-retary, to enable the outlying areas and the Bureau to carry out the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) D ETERMINATION .—From the funds ap-
propriated under section 4206 for any fiscal year and remaining after the Secretary makes reservations under subsection (a), the Secretary shall allot to each State for the fiscal year an amount that bears the same relationship to the remainder as the amount the State received under subpart 2 of part A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4740 July 7, 2015 
of title I for the preceding fiscal year bears 
to the amount all States received under that subpart for the preceding fiscal year, except that no State shall receive less than an amount equal to one-half of 1 percent of the total amount made available to all States under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) R
EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If a 
State does not receive an allotment under this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allot-ment to the remaining States in accordance with this part. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE USE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives 
an allotment under this part shall reserve not less than 93 percent of the amount allot-ted to such State under subsection (b), for each fiscal year for awards to eligible enti-ties under section 4204. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—A State edu-
cational agency may use not more than 2 percent of the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) for— 
‘‘(A) the administrative costs of carrying 
out its responsibilities under this part; 
‘‘(B) establishing and implementing a rig-
orous peer-review process for subgrant appli-cations described in section 4204(b) (includ-ing consultation with the Governor and other State agencies responsible for admin-istering youth development programs and adult learning activities); and 
‘‘(C) awarding of funds to eligible entities 
(in consultation with the Governor and other State agencies responsible for administering youth development programs and adult learning activities). 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—A State edu-
cational agency may use not more than 5 percent of the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) for the following activities: 
‘‘(A) Monitoring and evaluation of pro-
grams and activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘(B) Providing capacity building, training, 
and technical assistance under this part. 
‘‘(C) Comprehensive evaluation (directly, 
or through a grant or contract) of the effec-tiveness of programs and activities assisted 
under this part. 
‘‘(D) Providing training and technical as-
sistance to eligible entities that are appli-cants for or recipients of awards under this part. 
‘‘(E) Ensuring that any eligible entity that 
receives an award under this part from the State aligns the activities provided by the program with State academic standards. 
‘‘(F) Ensuring that any such eligible entity 
identifies and partners with external organi-zations, if available, in the community. 
‘‘(G) Working with teachers, principals, 
parents, the local workforce, the local com-munity, and other stakeholders to review and improve State policies and practices to support the implementation of effective pro-grams under this part. 
‘‘(H) Coordinating funds received under 
this part with other Federal and State funds to implement high-quality programs. 
‘‘(I) Providing a list of prescreened exter-
nal organizations, as described in section 4203(a)(11). 
‘‘SEC. 4203. STATE APPLICATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under section 4202 for any fiscal year, a State shall submit to the Secretary, at such time as the Secretary may require, an application that— 
‘‘(1) designates the State educational agen-
cy as the agency responsible for the adminis-tration and supervision of programs assisted under this part; 
‘‘(2) describes how the State educational 
agency will use funds received under this part, including funds reserved for State-level activities; ‘‘(3) contains an assurance that the State 
educational agency— 
‘‘(A) will make awards under this part to 
eligible entities that serve students who pri-marily attend schools that have been identi-fied under section 1114(a)(1)(A) and other schools determined by the local educational agency to be in need of intervention and sup-port and the families of such students; and 
‘‘(B) will further give priority to eligible 
entities that propose in the application to serve students described in subclauses (I) and (II) of section 4204(i)(1)(A)(i); 
‘‘(4) describes the procedures and criteria 
the State educational agency will use for re-viewing applications and awarding funds to eligible entities on a competitive basis, which shall include procedures and criteria that take into consideration the likelihood that a proposed community learning center will help participating students meet State and local content and student academic achievement standards; 
‘‘(5) describes how the State educational 
agency will ensure that awards made under this part are— 
‘‘(A) of sufficient size and scope to support 
high-quality, effective programs that are consistent with the purpose of this part; and 
‘‘(B) in amounts that are consistent with 
section 4204(h); 
‘‘(6) describes the steps the State edu-
cational agency will take to ensure that pro-grams implement effective strategies, in-cluding providing ongoing technical assist-ance and training, evaluation, dissemination of promising practices, and coordination of professional development for staff in specific content areas as well as youth development; 
‘‘(7) describes how programs under this 
part will be coordinated with programs under this Act, and other programs as appro-priate; 
‘‘(8) contains an assurance that the State 
educational agency— 
‘‘(A) will make awards for programs for a 
period of not less than 3 years and not more than 5 years; and 
‘‘(B) will require each eligible entity seek-
ing such an award to submit a plan describ-ing how the activities to be funded through the award will continue after funding under this part ends; 
‘‘(9) contains an assurance that funds ap-
propriated to carry out this part will be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Fed-eral, State, and local public funds expended to provide programs and activities author-ized under this part and other similar pro-grams; 
‘‘(10) contains an assurance that the State 
educational agency will require eligible enti-ties to describe in their applications under section 4204(b) how the transportation needs of participating students will be addressed; 
‘‘(11) describes how the State will 
prescreen external organizations that could provide assistance in carrying out the activi-ties under this part, and develop and make available to eligible entities a list of exter-nal organizations that successfully com-pleted the prescreening process; 
‘‘(12) provides— ‘‘(A) an assurance that the application was 
developed in consultation and coordination with appropriate State officials, including the chief State school officer, and other State agencies administering before- and after-school (or summer school) programs, the heads of the State health and mental health agencies or their designees, statewide after-school networks (where applicable) and representatives of teachers, local edu-cational agencies, and community-based or-ganizations; and 
‘‘(B) a description of any other representa-
tives of teachers, parents, students, or the business community that the State has se-lected to assist in the development of the ap-
plication, if applicable; 
‘‘(13) describes the results of the State’s 
needs and resources assessment for before- and after-school activities, which shall be based on the results of on-going State eval-uation activities; 
‘‘(14) describes how the State educational 
agency will evaluate the effectiveness of pro-grams and activities carried out under this part, which shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) a description of the performance indi-
cators and performance measures that will be used to evaluate programs and activities with emphasis on alignment with the regular academic program of the school and the aca-demic needs of participating students, in-cluding performance indicators and meas-ures that— 
‘‘(i) are able to track student success and 
improvement over time; 
‘‘(ii) include State assessment results and 
other indicators of student success and im-provement, such as improved attendance during the school day, better classroom grades, regular (or consistent) program at-tendance, and on-time advancement to the next grade level; and 
‘‘(iii) for high school students, may include 
indicators such as career competencies, suc-cessful completion of internships or appren-ticeships, or work-based learning opportuni-ties; 
‘‘(B) a description of how data collected for 
the purposes of subparagraph (A) will be col-lected; and 
‘‘(C) public dissemination of the evalua-
tions of programs and activities carried out under this part; and 
‘‘(15) provides for timely public notice of 
intent to file an application and an assur-ance that the application will be available for public review after submission. 
‘‘(b) D
EEMED APPROVAL .—An application 
submitted by a State educational agency pursuant to subsection (a) shall be deemed to be approved by the Secretary unless the Sec-retary makes a written determination, prior to the expiration of the 120-day period begin-ning on the date on which the Secretary re-ceived the application, that the application is not in compliance with this part. 
‘‘(c) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall 
not finally disapprove the application, ex-cept after giving the State educational agen-cy notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(d) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary finds 
that the application is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with this part, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(1) give the State educational agency no-
tice and an opportunity for a hearing; and 
‘‘(2) notify the State educational agency of 
the finding of noncompliance and, in such notification— 
‘‘(A) cite the specific provisions in the ap-
plication that are not in compliance; and 
‘‘(B) request additional information, only 
as to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
‘‘(e) R
ESPONSE .—If the State educational 
agency responds to the Secretary’s notifica-tion described in subsection (d)(2) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the agency received the notification, and re-submits the application with the requested information described in subsection (d)(2)(B), the Secretary shall approve or disapprove such application prior to the later of— 
‘‘(1) the expiration of the 45-day period be-
ginning on the date on which the application is resubmitted; or 
‘‘(2) the expiration of the 120-day period de-
scribed in subsection (b). 
‘‘(f) F
AILURE TORESPOND .—If the State 
educational agency does not respond to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4741 July 7, 2015 
Secretary’s notification described in sub-
section (d)(2) during the 45-day period begin-ning on the date on which the agency re-ceived the notification, such application shall be deemed to be disapproved. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not 
impose a priority or preference for States or eligible entities that seek to use funds made available under this part to extend the reg-ular school day. 
‘‘SEC. 4204. LOCAL COMPETITIVE SUBGRANT PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) C OMMUNITY LEARNING CENTERS .—A 
State that receives funds under this part for a fiscal year shall provide the amount made available under section 4202(c)(1) to award subgrants to eligible entities for community learning centers in accordance with this part. 
‘‘(2) E
XPANDED LEARNING PROGRAM ACTIVI -
TIES.—A State that receives funds under this 
part for a fiscal year may also use funds under section 4202(c)(1) to support those en-richment and engaging academic activities described in section 4205(a) that— 
‘‘(A) are included as part of an expanded 
learning program that provide students at least 300 additional program hours before, during, or after the traditional school day; 
‘‘(B) supplement but do not supplant 
school day requirements; and 
‘‘(C) are awarded to entities that meet the 
requirements of subsection (i). 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a subgrant under this part, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the State edu-cational agency at such time, in such man-ner, and including such information as the State educational agency may reasonably re-quire. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) shall include— 
‘‘(A) a description of the activities to be 
funded, including— 
‘‘(i) an assurance that the program will 
take place in a safe and easily accessible fa-cility; 
‘‘(ii) a description of how students partici-
pating in the program carried out by the community learning center will travel safely to and from the center and home, if applica-ble; and 
‘‘(iii) a description of how the eligible enti-
ty will disseminate information about the community learning center (including its lo-cation) to the community in a manner that is understandable and accessible; 
‘‘(B) a description of how such activities 
are expected to improve student academic achievement as well as overall student suc-cess; 
‘‘(C) a demonstration of how the proposed 
program will coordinate Federal, State, and local programs and make the most effective use of public resources; 
‘‘(D) an assurance that the proposed pro-
gram was developed and will be carried out— 
‘‘(i) in active collaboration with the 
schools the students attend (including through the sharing of relevant student data among the schools), all participants in the eligible entity, and any partnership entities described in subparagraph (H), while com-plying with applicable laws relating to pri-vacy and confidentiality; and 
‘‘(ii) in alignment with State and local 
content and student academic achievement standards; 
‘‘(E) a description of how the activities will 
meet the measures of effectiveness described in section 4205(b); 
‘‘(F) an assurance that the program will 
target students who primarily attend schools eligible for schoolwide programs under sec-tion 1113(b) and the families of such stu-dents; ‘‘(G) an assurance that subgrant funds 
under this part will be used to increase the level of State, local, and other non-Federal funds that would, in the absence of funds under this part, be made available for pro-grams and activities authorized under this part, and in no case supplant Federal, State, local, or non-Federal funds; 
‘‘(H) a description of the partnership be-
tween a local educational agency, a commu-nity-based organization, and another public entity or private entity, if appropriate; 
‘‘(I) an evaluation of the community needs 
and available resources for the community learning center and a description of how the program proposed to be carried out in the center will address those needs (including the needs of working families); 
‘‘(J) a demonstration that the eligible enti-
ty will use best practices, including research or evidence-based practices, to provide edu-cational and related activities that will com-plement and enhance academic performance, achievement, postsecondary and workforce preparation, and positive youth development of the students; 
‘‘(K) a description of a preliminary plan for 
how the community learning center will con-tinue after funding under this part ends; 
‘‘(L) an assurance that the community will 
be given notice of an intent to submit an ap-plication and that the application and any waiver request will be available for public re-view after submission of the application; 
‘‘(M) if the eligible entity plans to use vol-
unteers in activities carried out through the community learning center, a description of how the eligible entity will encourage and use appropriately qualified persons to serve as the volunteers; and 
‘‘(N) such other information and assur-
ances as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
‘‘(c) A
PPROVAL OF CERTAIN APPLICATIONS .— 
The State educational agency may approve an application under this part for a program to be located in a facility other than an ele-mentary school or secondary school only if the program will be at least as available and accessible to the students to be served as if the program were located in an elementary school or secondary school. 
‘‘(d) P
ERMISSIVE LOCAL MATCH .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency may require an eligible entity to match subgrant funds awarded under this part, except that such match may not exceed the amount of the subgrant and may not be derived from other Federal or State funds. 
‘‘(2) S
LIDING SCALE .—The amount of a 
match under paragraph (1) shall be estab-lished based on a sliding scale that takes into account— 
‘‘(A) the relative poverty of the population 
to be targeted by the eligible entity; and 
‘‘(B) the ability of the eligible entity to ob-
tain such matching funds. 
‘‘(3) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—Each State 
educational agency that requires an eligible entity to match funds under this subsection shall permit the eligible entity to provide all or any portion of such match in the form of in-kind contributions. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATION .—Notwithstanding this 
subsection, a State educational agency shall not consider an eligible entity’s ability to match funds when determining which eligi-ble entities will receive subgrants under this part. 
‘‘(e) P
EERREVIEW .—In reviewing local ap-
plications under this part, a State edu-cational agency shall use a rigorous peer-re-view process or other methods of ensuring the quality of such applications. 
‘‘(f) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—To the extent 
practicable, a State educational agency shall 
distribute subgrant funds under this part eq-uitably among geographic areas within the State, including urban and rural commu-
nities. 
‘‘(g) D
URATION OF AWARDS .—Subgrants 
under this part shall be awarded for a period of not less than 3 years and not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(h) A
MOUNT OF AWARDS .—A subgrant 
awarded under this part may not be made in an amount that is less than $50,000. 
‘‘(i) P
RIORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In awarding subgrants 
under this part, a State educational agency shall give priority to applications— 
‘‘(A) proposing to target services to— ‘‘(i) students who primarily attend schools 
that— 
‘‘(I) have been identified under section 
1114(a) and other schools determined by the local educational agency to be in need of intervention and support to improve student academic achievement and other outcomes; and 
‘‘(II) enroll students who may be at risk for 
academic failure, dropping out of school, in-volvement in criminal or delinquent activi-ties, or who lack strong positive role models; and 
‘‘(ii) the families of students described in 
clause (i); 
‘‘(B) submitted jointly by eligible entities 
consisting of not less than 1— 
‘‘(i) local educational agency receiving 
funds under part A of title I; and 
‘‘(ii) another eligible entity; and ‘‘(C) demonstrating that the activities pro-
posed in the application— 
‘‘(i) are, as of the date of the submission of 
the application, not accessible to students who would be served; or 
‘‘(ii) would expand accessibility to high- 
quality services that may be available in the community. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—The State educational 
agency shall provide the same priority under paragraph (1) to an application submitted by a local educational agency if the local edu-cational agency demonstrates that it is un-able to partner with a community-based or-ganization in reasonable geographic prox-imity and of sufficient quality to meet the requirements of this part. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—A State educational 
agency may not impose a priority or pref-erence for eligible entities that seek to use funds made available under this part to ex-tend the regular school day. 
‘‘(j) R
ENEWABILITY OF AWARDS .—A State 
educational agency may renew a subgrant provided under this part to an eligible enti-ty, based on the eligible entity’s perform-ance during the original subgrant period. 
‘‘SEC. 4205. LOCAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Each eligible 
entity that receives an award under section 4204 may use the award funds to carry out a broad array of activities that advance stu-dent academic achievement and support stu-dent success, including— 
‘‘(1) academic enrichment learning pro-
grams, mentoring programs, remedial edu-cation activities, and tutoring services, that are aligned with— 
‘‘(A) State and local content and student 
academic achievement standards; and 
‘‘(B) local curricula that are designed to 
improve student academic achievement; 
‘‘(2) core academic subject education ac-
tivities, including such activities that enable students to be eligible for credit recovery or attainment; 
‘‘(3) literacy education programs, including 
financial literacy programs and environ-mental literacy programs; 
‘‘(4) programs that support a healthy, ac-
tive lifestyle, including nutritional edu-cation and regular, structured physical ac-tivity programs; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4742 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(5) services for individuals with disabil-
ities; 
‘‘(6) programs that provide after-school ac-
tivities for students who are English learners that emphasize language skills and academic achievement; 
‘‘(7) cultural programs; ‘‘(8) telecommunications and technology 
education programs; 
‘‘(9) expanded library service hours; ‘‘(10) parenting skills programs that pro-
mote parental involvement and family lit-eracy; 
‘‘(11) programs that provide assistance to 
students who have been truant, suspended, or expelled to allow the students to improve their academic achievement; 
‘‘(12) drug and violence prevention pro-
grams and counseling programs; 
‘‘(13) programs that build skills in science, 
technology, engineering, and mathematics (referred to in this paragraph as ‘STEM’) and that foster innovation in learning by sup-porting nontraditional STEM education teaching methods; and 
‘‘(14) programs that partner with in-de-
mand fields of the local workforce or build career competencies and career readiness and ensure that local workforce and career readiness skills are aligned with the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 and the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act. 
‘‘(b) M
EASURES OF EFFECTIVENESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For a program or activ-
ity developed pursuant to this part to meet the measures of effectiveness, monitored by the State educational agency as described in section 4203(a)(14), such program or activity shall— 
‘‘(A) be based upon an assessment of objec-
tive data regarding the need for before- and after-school programs (including during summer recess periods) and activities in the schools and communities; 
‘‘(B) be based upon an established set of 
performance measures aimed at ensuring the availability of high-quality academic enrich-ment opportunities; 
‘‘(C) if appropriate, be based upon evi-
dence-based research that the program or ac-tivity will help students meet the State and local student academic achievement stand-ards; 
‘‘(D) ensure that measures of student suc-
cess align with the regular academic pro-gram of the school and the academic needs of participating students and include perform-ance indicators and measures described in section 4203(a)(14)(A); and 
‘‘(E) collect the data necessary for the 
measures of student success described in sub-paragraph (D). 
‘‘(2) P
ERIODIC EVALUATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The program or activity 
shall undergo a periodic evaluation in con-junction with the State educational agency’s overall evaluation plan as described in sec-tion 4203(a)(14), to assess the program’s progress toward achieving the goal of pro-viding high-quality opportunities for aca-demic enrichment and overall student suc-cess. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF RESULTS .—The results of eval-
uations under subparagraph (A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) used to refine, improve, and strengthen 
the program or activity, and to refine the performance measures; 
‘‘(ii) made available to the public upon re-
quest, with public notice of such availability provided; and 
‘‘(iii) used by the State to determine 
whether a subgrant is eligible to be renewed under section 4204(j). 
‘‘SEC. 4206. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021.’’. 
(b) T RANSITION .—The recipient of a 
multiyear grant award under part B of title IV of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7171 et seq.), as such Act was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such award. 
SEC. 4004. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AND SEC-
ONDARY SCHOOL COUNSELING PRO-GRAMS. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as amended 
by section 4001, is further amended by insert-ing after part B the following: 
‘‘PART C—ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AND 
SECONDARY SCHOOL COUNSELING PRO-GRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 4301. ELEMENTARY SCHOOL AND SEC-
ONDARY SCHOOL COUNSELING PRO-GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to award grants to eligible entities to enable such agencies to establish or expand elementary school and secondary school counseling programs that comply with the requirements of subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(A) give special consideration to applica-
tions describing programs that— 
‘‘(i) demonstrate the greatest need for new 
or additional counseling services among chil-dren in the schools served by the eligible en-tity, in part by providing information on current ratios, as of the date of application for a grant under this section, of students to school counselors, students to school social workers, and students to school psycholo-gists; 
‘‘(ii) propose promising and innovative ap-
proaches for initiating or expanding school counseling; and 
‘‘(iii) show strong potential for replication 
and dissemination; and 
‘‘(B) give priority to— ‘‘(i) schools that serve students in rural 
and remote areas; 
‘‘(ii) schools in need of intervention and 
support and schools that are the persistently lowest-achieving schools; or 
‘‘(iii) schools with a high percentage of stu-
dents aged 5 through 17 who— 
‘‘(I) are in poverty, as counted in the most 
recent census data approved by the Sec-retary; 
‘‘(II) are eligible for a free or reduced price 
lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.); 
‘‘(III) are in families receiving assistance 
under the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act; or 
‘‘(IV) are eligible to receive medical assist-
ance under the Medicaid program. 
‘‘(3) E
QUITABLE DISTRIBUTION .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall ensure an equitable geographic dis-tribution among the regions of the United States and among eligible entities located in urban, rural, and suburban areas. 
‘‘(4) D
URATION .—A grant under this section 
shall be awarded for a period not to exceed 3 years. 
‘‘(5) M
AXIMUM GRANT .—A grant awarded 
under this section shall not exceed $400,000 for any fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this section shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may rea-sonably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application for a 
grant under this section shall— ‘‘(A) describe the school population to be 
targeted by the program, the particular counseling needs of such population, and the current school counseling resources avail-able for meeting such needs; 
‘‘(B) include the information described in 
subparagraphs (B) through (D) of section 4104(b)(4), with respect to the grant under this part; 
‘‘(C) document that the eligible entity has 
personnel qualified to develop, implement, and administer the program; and 
‘‘(D) document how the eligible entity will 
engage in meaningful consultation with par-ents and families in the development of such program. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Each eligible entity 
receiving a grant under this part shall use grant funds to develop, implement, and evaluate comprehensive, evidence-based, school counseling programs through activi-ties that incorporate evidence-based prac-tices, such as— 
‘‘(1) the implementation of a comprehen-
sive school counseling program to meet the counseling and educational needs of all stu-dents; 
‘‘(2) increasing the range, availability, 
quantity, and quality of counseling services, provided by qualified school counselors, school psychologists, school social workers, and other qualified school-based mental health services providers, in the elementary schools and secondary schools of the eligible entity; 
‘‘(3) the implementation of innovative ap-
proaches to increase children’s under-standing of peer and family relationships, peer and family interaction, work and self, decisionmaking, or academic and career planning; 
‘‘(4) the implementation of academic, post-
secondary education and career planning programs; 
‘‘(5) the initiation of partnerships with 
community groups, social service agencies, or other public or private non-profit entities in collaborative efforts to enhance the pro-gram and promote school-linked integration of services, as long as the eligible entity doc-uments how such partnership supplements, not supplants, existing school-employed school-based mental health services pro-viders and services, in accordance with sub-section (f); 
‘‘(6) the implementation of a team ap-
proach to school counseling in the schools served by the eligible entity by working to-ward ratios of school counselors, school so-cial workers, and school psychologists to students recommended to enable such per-sonnel to effectively address the needs of students; and 
‘‘(7) any other activity determined nec-
essary by the eligible entity that meets the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE  
COSTS.—Not more than 4 percent of the 
amounts made available under this section for any fiscal year may be used for adminis-trative costs to carry out this section. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
assistance is made available to eligible enti-ties under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make publicly available a report— 
‘‘(1) evaluating the programs assisted pur-
suant to each grant under this section; and 
‘‘(2) outlining the information from eligi-
ble entities regarding the ratios of students to— 
‘‘(A) school counselors; ‘‘(B) school social workers; and ‘‘(C) school psychologists. 
‘‘(f) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available under this section shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4743 July 7, 2015 
Federal, State, or local funds used for pro-
viding school-based counseling and mental health services to students. 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency; ‘‘(B) an educational service agency serving 
more than 1 local educational agency; or 
‘‘(C) a consortium of local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘(2) S
CHOOL -BASED MENTAL HEALTH SERV -
ICES PROVIDER .—The term ‘school-based men-
tal health services provider’ has the meaning given the term in section 4102. 
‘‘(3) S
CHOOL COUNSELOR .—The term ‘school 
counselor’ means an individual who meets the criteria for licensure or certification as a school counselor in the State where the indi-vidual is employed. 
‘‘(4) S
CHOOL PSYCHOLOGIST .—The term 
‘school psychologist’ means an individual who is licensed or certified in school psy-chology by the State in which the individual is employed. 
‘‘(5) S
CHOOL SOCIAL WORKER .—The term 
‘school social worker’ means an individual who is licensed or certified as a school social worker for the State in which the individual is employed. 
‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 4005. PHYSICAL EDUCATION PROGRAM. 
Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), as amended 
by sections 4001 and 4004, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART D—PHYSICAL EDUCATION 
PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 4401. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to award 
grants and contracts to initiate, expand, and improve physical education programs for all students in kindergarten through grade 12. 
‘‘SEC. 4402. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—From amounts made 
available to carry out this part, the Sec-retary is authorized to award grants or con-tracts to local educational agencies and community-based organizations to pay the Federal share of the costs of initiating, ex-panding, and improving physical education programs (including after-school programs) for students in kindergarten through grade 12, by— 
‘‘(1) providing materials and support to en-
able students to participate actively in phys-ical education activities; and 
‘‘(2) providing funds for staff and teacher 
training and education relating to physical education. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—A physical edu-
cation program that receives assistance under this part may provide for 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(1) Fitness education and assessment to 
help students understand, improve, or main-tain their physical well-being. 
‘‘(2) Instruction in a variety of motor skills 
and physical activities designed to enhance the physical, mental, and social or emotional development of every student. 
‘‘(3) Development of, and instruction in, 
cognitive concepts about motor skill and physical fitness that support a lifelong healthy lifestyle. 
‘‘(4) Opportunities to develop positive so-
cial and cooperative skills through physical activity participation. 
‘‘(5) Instruction in healthy eating habits 
and good nutrition. 
‘‘(6) Opportunities for professional develop-
ment for teachers of physical education to stay abreast of the latest research, issues, and trends in the field of physical education. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE.—For purposes of this 
part, extracurricular activities, such as team sports and Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program activities, shall not be considered as part of the curriculum of a physical edu-cation program assisted under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 4403. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S UBMISSION .—Each local educational 
agency or community-based organization de-siring a grant or contract under this part shall submit to the Secretary an application that contains a plan to initiate, expand, or improve physical education programs in order to make progress toward meeting State standards for physical education. 
‘‘(b) P
RIVATE SCHOOL AND HOME-SCHOOLED  
STUDENTS .—An application for a grant or 
contract under this part may provide for the participation, in the activities funded under this part, of— 
‘‘(1) students enrolled in private nonprofit 
elementary schools or secondary schools, and their parents and teachers; or 
‘‘(2) home-schooled students, and their par-
ents and teachers. 
‘‘SEC. 4404. REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT TO THE SECRETARY .— 
In order to continue receiving funding after the first year of a multiyear grant or con-tract under this part, the administrator of the grant or contract for the local edu-cational agency or community-based organi-zation shall submit to the Secretary an an-nual report that— 
‘‘(1) describes the activities conducted dur-
ing the preceding year; and 
‘‘(2) demonstrates that progress has been 
made toward meeting State standards for physical education. 
‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Not more 
than 5 percent of the funds made available under this part to a local educational agency or community-based organization for any fis-cal year may be used for administrative ex-penses. 
‘‘SEC. 4405. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) F EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share 
under this part may not exceed— 
‘‘(1) 90 percent of the total cost of a pro-
gram for the first year for which the pro-gram receives assistance under this part; and 
‘‘(2) 75 percent of such cost for the second 
and each subsequent such year. 
‘‘(b) P
ROPORTIONALITY .—To the extent 
practicable, the Secretary shall ensure that grants awarded under this part are equitably distributed among local educational agen-cies, and community-based organizations, serving urban and rural areas. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
June 1, 2017, the Secretary shall submit a re-port to Congress that— 
‘‘(1) describes the programs assisted under 
this part; 
‘‘(2) documents the success of such pro-
grams in improving physical fitness; and 
‘‘(3) makes such recommendations as the 
Secretary determines appropriate for the continuation and improvement of the pro-grams assisted under this part. 
‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Amounts 
made available to the Secretary to carry out this part shall remain available until ex-pended. 
‘‘SEC. 4406. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds made available under this part 
shall be used to supplement, and not sup-plant, any other Federal, State, or local funds available for physical education activi-ties. 
‘‘SEC. 4407. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. TITLE V—EMPOWERING PARENTS AND EX-
PANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH IN-NOVATION 
SEC. 5001. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.) is amended— (1) by striking the title heading and insert-
ing ‘‘ EMPOWERING PARENTS AND EX-
PANDING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH INNO-VATION ’’; 
(2) by striking part A; (3) by striking subparts 2 and 3 of part B; (4) by striking part D; (5) by redesignating parts B and C as parts 
A and B, respectively; 
(6) in part A, as redesignated by paragraph 
(5), by striking ‘‘ Subpart 1—Charter School 
Programs ’’; 
(7) by redesignating sections 5201 through 
5211 as sections 5101 through 5111, respec-tively; 
(8) by redesignating sections 5301 through 
5307 as sections 5201 through 5207, respec-tively; 
(9) by striking sections 5308 and 5310; and (10) by redesignating sections 5309 and 5311 
as sections 5208 and 5209, respectively. 
SEC. 5002. PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
Part A of title V (20 U.S.C. 7221 et seq.), as 
redesignated by section 5001(5), is amended— 
(1) by striking sections 5101 through 5105, 
as redesignated by section 5001(7), and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5101. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this part to— ‘‘(1) provide financial assistance for the 
planning, program design, and initial imple-mentation of charter schools; 
‘‘(2) increase the number of high-quality 
charter schools available to students across the United States; 
‘‘(3) evaluate the impact of such schools on 
student achievement, families, and commu-nities, and share best practices among char-ter schools and other public schools; 
‘‘(4) encourage States to provide support to 
charter schools for facilities financing in an amount more nearly commensurate to the amount the States have typically provided for traditional public schools; 
‘‘(5) expand opportunities for children with 
disabilities, students who are English learn-ers, and other traditionally underserved stu-dents to attend charter schools and meet the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(6) support efforts to strengthen the char-
ter school authorizing process to improve performance management, including trans-parency, monitoring, including financial au-dits, and evaluation of such schools. 
‘‘SEC. 5102. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to carry out a charter school program that supports charter schools that serve early childhood, elementary school, and sec-ondary school students by— 
‘‘(1) supporting the startup of charter 
schools, the replication of high-quality char-ter schools, and the expansion of high-qual-ity charter schools; 
‘‘(2) assisting charter schools in accessing 
credit to acquire and renovate facilities for school use; and 
‘‘(3) carrying out national activities to 
support— 
‘‘(A) the startup of charter schools, the 
replication of high-quality charter schools, and the expansion of high-quality charter 
schools; 
‘‘(B) the dissemination of best practices of 
charter schools for all schools; 
‘‘(C) the evaluation of the impact of the 
charter school program under this part on schools participating in such program; and 
‘‘(D) stronger charter school authorizing. 
‘‘(b) F
UNDING ALLOTMENT .—From the 
amount made available under section 5111 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4744 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(1) reserve 12.5 percent to support charter 
school facilities assistance under section 5104; 
‘‘(2) reserve not less than 25 percent to 
carry out national activities under section 5105; and 
‘‘(3) use the remaining amount after the 
reservations under paragraphs (1) and (2) to carry out section 5103. 
‘‘(c) P
RIOR GRANTS AND SUBGRANTS .—The 
recipient of a grant or subgrant under this part (as such part was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015) shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such grant or subgrant. 
‘‘SEC. 5103. GRANTS TO SUPPORT HIGH-QUALITY 
CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) S TATE ENTITY DEFINED .—For purposes 
of this section, the term ‘State entity’ means— 
‘‘(1) a State educational agency; ‘‘(2) a State charter school board; ‘‘(3) a Governor of a State; or ‘‘(4) a charter school support organization. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From the 
amount available under section 5102(b)(3), the Secretary shall award, on a competitive basis, grants to State entities having appli-cations approved under subsection (f) to en-able such entities to— 
‘‘(1) award subgrants to eligible applicants 
to enable such eligible applicants to— 
‘‘(A) open new charter schools; ‘‘(B) replicate high-quality charter school 
models; or 
‘‘(C) expand high-quality charter schools; 
and 
‘‘(2) provide technical assistance to eligible 
applicants and authorized public chartering agencies in carrying out the activities de-scribed in paragraph (1), and work with au-thorized public chartering agencies in the State to improve authorizing quality, includ-ing developing capacity for, and conducting, fiscal oversight and auditing of charter schools. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE ENTITY USES OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State entity receiving 
a grant under this section shall— 
‘‘(A) use not less than 90 percent of the 
grant funds to award subgrants to eligible applicants, in accordance with the quality charter school program described in the State entity’s application pursuant to sub-section (f), for the purposes described in sub-paragraphs (A) through (C) of subsection (b)(1); 
‘‘(B) reserve not less than 7 percent of such 
funds to carry out the activities described in subsection (b)(2); and 
‘‘(C) reserve not more than 3 percent of 
such funds for administrative costs, which may include the administrative costs of pro-viding technical assistance. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS AND GRANTS .—A State enti-
ty may use a grant received under this sec-tion to carry out the activities described in paragraph (1)(B) directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements. 
‘‘(3) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(A) U SE OF LOTTERY MECHANISMS .—Noth-
ing in this Act shall prohibit the Secretary from awarding grants to State entities, or State entities from awarding subgrants to el-igible applicants, that use a weighted lot-tery, or an equivalent lottery mechanism, to give better chances for school admission to all or a subset of educationally disadvan-taged students if— 
‘‘(i) the use of a weighted lottery in favor 
of such students is not prohibited by State law, and such State law is consistent with the laws described in section 5110(2)(G); and 
‘‘(ii) such weighted lottery is not used for 
the purpose of creating schools exclusively to serve a particular subset of students. ‘‘(B) S
TUDENTS WITH SPECIAL NEEDS .—Noth-
ing in this paragraph shall be construed to prohibit schools from specializing in pro-viding specific services for students with a demonstrated need for such services, such as students who need specialized instruction in reading, spelling, or writing. 
‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM PERIODS ; PEERREVIEW ; DIS-
TRIBUTION OF SUBGRANTS ; WAIVERS .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM PERIODS .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTS .—A grant awarded by the Sec-
retary to a State entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years, and may be renewed by the Secretary for one additional 2-year period. 
‘‘(B) S
UBGRANTS .—A subgrant awarded by a 
State entity under this section— 
‘‘(i) shall be for a period of not more than 
3 years, of which an eligible applicant may use not more than 18 months for planning and program design; and 
‘‘(ii) may be renewed by the State entity 
for one additional 2-year period. 
‘‘(2) P
EER REVIEW .—The Secretary, and 
each State entity awarding subgrants under this section, shall use a peer-review process to review applications for assistance under 
this section. 
‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION OF SUBGRANTS .—Each 
State entity awarding subgrants under this section shall award subgrants in a manner that, to the extent practicable and applica-ble, ensures that such subgrants— 
‘‘(A) prioritize eligible applicants that plan 
to serve a significant number of students from low-income families; 
‘‘(B) are distributed throughout different 
areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas; and 
‘‘(C) will assist charter schools rep-
resenting a variety of educational ap-proaches. 
‘‘(4) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive 
any statutory or regulatory requirement over which the Secretary exercises adminis-trative authority under this Act with respect to charter schools supported under this part, except any such requirement relating to the elements of a charter school described in sec-tion 5110(2), if— 
‘‘(A) the waiver is requested in an approved 
application under this section; and 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that grant-
ing such waiver will promote the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS .—A State entity may not re-
ceive more than 1 grant under this section at a time. 
‘‘(2) S
UBGRANTS .—An eligible applicant 
may not receive more than 1 subgrant under this section for each individual charter school for each grant period or renewal pe-riod, unless the eligible applicant dem-onstrates to the State entity that such indi-vidual charter school has demonstrated a strong track record of positive results over the course of the grant period regarding the elements described in subparagraphs (A) and (D) of section 5110(8). 
‘‘(f) A
PPLICATIONS .—A State entity desiring 
to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary may require. The application shall in-clude the following: 
‘‘(1) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROGRAM .—A descrip-
tion of the State entity’s objectives in run-ning a quality charter school program under this section and how the objectives of the program will be carried out, including— 
‘‘(A) a description of how the State entity 
will— 
‘‘(i) support the opening of new charter 
schools and, if applicable, the replication of high-quality charter schools and the expan-sion of high-quality charter schools, includ-ing the proposed number of charter schools to be opened, replicated, or expanded under 
the State entity’s program; 
‘‘(ii) inform eligible charter schools, devel-
opers, and authorized public chartering agen-cies of the availability of funds under the program; 
‘‘(iii) work with eligible applicants to en-
sure that the eligible applicants access all Federal funds that such applicants are eligi-ble to receive, and help the charter schools supported by the applicants and the students attending those charter schools— 
‘‘(I) participate in the Federal programs in 
which the schools and students are eligible to participate; and 
‘‘(II) receive the commensurate share of 
Federal funds the schools and students are eligible to receive under such programs; 
‘‘(iv) in the case of a State entity that is 
not a State educational agency— 
‘‘(I) work with the State educational agen-
cy and the charter schools in the State to maximize charter school participation in Federal and State programs for charter schools; and 
‘‘(II) work with the State educational 
agency to operate the State entity’s program under this section, if applicable; 
‘‘(v) ensure that each eligible applicant 
that receives a subgrant under the State en-tity’s program— 
‘‘(I) is opening or expanding schools that 
meet the definition of a charter school under section 5110; and 
‘‘(II) is prepared to continue to operate 
such charter schools once the subgrant funds under this section are no longer available; 
‘‘(vi) support charter schools in local edu-
cational agencies with schools that have been identified by the State under section 1114(a)(1)(A); 
‘‘(vii) work with charter schools to pro-
mote inclusion of all students and support all students upon enrollment in order to pro-mote retention of students in the school; 
‘‘(viii) work with charter schools on re-
cruitment practices, including efforts to en-gage groups that may otherwise have limited opportunities to attend charter schools; 
‘‘(ix) share best and promising practices 
among charter schools and other public schools; 
‘‘(x) ensure that charter schools receiving 
funds under the State entity’s program meet the educational needs of their students, in-cluding children with disabilities and stu-dents who are English learners; and 
‘‘(xi) support efforts to increase charter 
school quality initiatives, including meeting the quality authorizing elements described in paragraph (2)(D); 
‘‘(B) a description of how the State will 
monitor and hold authorized public char-tering agencies accountable to ensure high- quality authorizing activity, such as by es-tablishing authorizing standards and by ap-proving, reapproving, and revoking the au-thority of an authorized public chartering agency based on the performance of the char-ter schools authorized by such agency in the areas of student achievement, student safe-ty, financial and operational management, and compliance with all applicable statutes, except that nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed to require a State to alter State law, policies, or procedures regarding State practices for holding accountable au-thorized public chartering agencies; 
‘‘(C) a description of the extent to which 
the State entity— 
‘‘(i) is able to meet and carry out the prior-
ities described in subsection (g)(2); 
‘‘(ii) is working to develop or strengthen a 
cohesive statewide system to support the opening of new charter schools and, if appli-cable, the replication of high-quality charter schools, and the expansion of high-quality charter schools; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4745 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(iii) will solicit and consider input from 
parents and other members of the commu-nity on the implementation and operation of each charter school receiving funds under the State entity’s charter school program under this section; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the State entity 
will award subgrants, on a competitive basis, including— 
‘‘(i) a description of the application each 
eligible applicant desiring to receive a subgrant will be required to submit, which application shall include— 
‘‘(I) a description of the roles and respon-
sibilities of eligible applicants, and of any charter management organizations or other organizations with which the eligible appli-cant will partner to open charter schools, in-cluding the administrative and contractual roles and responsibilities of such partners; 
‘‘(II) a description of the quality controls 
agreed to between the eligible applicant and the authorized public chartering agency in-volved, such as a contract or performance agreement, financial audits to ensure ade-quate fiscal oversight, how a school’s per-formance on the State’s accountability sys-tem and impact on student achievement (which may include student academic growth) will be one of the most important factors for renewal or revocation of the school’s charter, and procedures to be fol-lowed in the case of the closure or dissolu-tion of a charter school; 
‘‘(III) a description of how the autonomy 
and flexibility granted to a charter school is consistent with the definition of a charter school in section 5110; 
‘‘(IV) a description of the eligible appli-
cant’s planned activities and expenditures of subgrant funds for purposes of opening a new charter school, replicating a high-quality charter school, or expanding a high-quality charter school, and how the eligible appli-cant will maintain fiscal sustainability after the end of the subgrant period; and 
‘‘(V) a description of how the eligible appli-
cant will ensure that each charter school the eligible applicant operates will engage par-ents as partners in the education of their children; and 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the State entity 
will review applications from eligible appli-cants; 
‘‘(E) in the case of a State entity that part-
ners with an outside organization to carry out the entity’s quality charter school pro-gram, in whole or in part, a description of the roles and responsibilities of the partner; 
‘‘(F) a description of how the State entity 
will help the charter schools receiving funds 
under the State entity’s program address the transportation needs of the schools’ stu-dents; and 
‘‘(G) a description of how the State in 
which the State entity is located addresses charter schools in the State’s open meetings and open records laws. 
‘‘(2) A
SSURANCES .—Assurances that— 
‘‘(A) each charter school receiving funds 
through the State entity’s program will have a high degree of autonomy over budget and operations, including autonomy over per-sonnel decisions; 
‘‘(B) the State entity will support charter 
schools in meeting the educational needs of their students, as described in paragraph (1)(A)(x); 
‘‘(C) the State entity will ensure that the 
authorized public chartering agency of any charter school that receives funds under the entity’s program— 
‘‘(i) ensures that the charter school under 
the authority of such agency is meeting the requirements of this Act, part B of the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act, title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; and ‘‘(ii) adequately monitors and provides 
adequate technical assistance to each char-ter school under the authority of such agen-cy in recruiting, enrolling, retaining, and meeting the needs of all students, including children with disabilities and students who are English learners; 
‘‘(D) the State entity will promote quality 
authorizing, consistent with State law, such as through providing technical assistance to support each authorized public chartering agency in the State to improve such agen-cy’s ability to monitor the charter schools authorized by the agency, including by— 
‘‘(i) using annual performance data, which 
may include graduation rates and student academic growth data, as appropriate, to measure a school’s progress toward becoming a high-quality charter school; 
‘‘(ii) reviewing the schools’ independent, 
annual audits of financial statements con-ducted in accordance with generally accept-ed accounting principles, and ensuring that any such audits are publically reported; and 
‘‘(iii) holding charter schools accountable 
to the academic, financial, and operational quality controls agreed to between the char-ter school and the authorized public char-tering agency involved, such as through re-newal, non-renewal, or revocation of the school’s charter; and 
‘‘(E) the State entity will ensure that each 
charter school in the State makes publicly available, consistent with the dissemination requirements of the annual State report card, including on the website of the school, information to help parents make informed decisions about the education options avail-able to their children, including information on the educational program, student support services, parent contract requirements (as applicable), including any financial obliga-tions or fees, enrollment criteria (as applica-ble), and annual performance and enrollment data for each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A). 
‘‘(3) R
EQUESTS FOR WAIVERS .— 
‘‘(A) F EDERAL STATUTE AND REGULATION .— 
A request and justification for waivers of any Federal statutory or regulatory provi-sions that the State entity believes are nec-essary for the successful operation of the charter schools that will receive funds under 
the entity’s program under this section. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE AND LOCAL RULES .—A descrip-
tion of any State or local rules, generally ap-plicable to public schools, that will be waived, or otherwise not apply, to such schools or, in the case of a State entity de-fined in subsection (a)(4), a description of how the State entity will work with the State to request necessary waivers, if appli-cable. 
‘‘(g) S
ELECTION CRITERIA ; PRIORITY .— 
‘‘(1) S ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
shall award grants to State entities under this section on the basis of the quality of the applications submitted under subsection (f), after taking into consideration— 
‘‘(A) the degree of flexibility afforded by 
the State’s public charter school law and how the State entity will work to maximize the flexibility provided to charter schools under such law; 
‘‘(B) the proposed number of new charter 
schools to be opened, and, if applicable, the number of high-quality charter schools to be replicated or expanded under the program, and the number of new students to be served by such schools; 
‘‘(C) the likelihood that the schools 
opened, replicated, or expanded by eligible applicants receiving subgrant funds will in-crease the academic achievement of the school’s students and progress toward be-coming high-quality charter schools; 
‘‘(D) the quality of the State entity’s plan 
to— ‘‘(i) monitor the eligible applicants receiv-
ing subgrants under the State entity’s pro-gram; and 
‘‘(ii) provide technical assistance and sup-
port for— 
‘‘(I) the eligible applicants receiving sub-
grants under the State entity’s program; and 
‘‘(II) quality authorizing efforts in the 
State; and 
‘‘(E) the State entity’s plan to solicit and 
consider input from parents and other mem-bers of the community on the implementa-tion and operation of the charter schools in the State. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to a State entity to the extent that the entity meets the following criteria: 
‘‘(A) The State entity is located in a State 
that— 
‘‘(i) allows at least one entity that is not 
the local educational agency to be an au-thorized public chartering agency for each developer seeking to open a charter school in the State; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a State in which local 
educational agencies are the only authorized public chartering agencies, the State has an appeals process for the denial of an applica-tion for a charter school. 
‘‘(B) The State entity is located in a State 
that ensures that charter schools receive eq-uitable financing, as compared to traditional public schools, in a prompt manner. 
‘‘(C) The State entity is located in a State 
that provides charter schools one or more of the following: 
‘‘(i) Funding for facilities. ‘‘(ii) Assistance with facilities acquisition. ‘‘(iii) Access to public facilities. ‘‘(iv) The ability to share in bonds or mill 
levies. 
‘‘(v) The right of first refusal to purchase 
public school buildings. 
‘‘(vi) Low- or no-cost leasing privileges. ‘‘(D) The State entity is located in a State 
that uses best practices from charter schools to help improve struggling schools and local educational agencies. 
‘‘(E) The State entity supports charter 
schools that support at-risk students through activities such as dropout preven-tion or dropout recovery. 
‘‘(F) The State entity ensures that each 
charter school has a high degree of auton-omy over the charter school’s budget and op-erations, including autonomy over personnel decisions. 
‘‘(G) The State entity has taken steps to 
ensure that all authorizing public chartering agencies implement best practices for char-ter school authorizing. 
‘‘(h) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS .—An eligible 
applicant receiving a subgrant under this section shall use such funds to carry out ac-tivities related to opening a new charter school, replicating a high-quality charter school, or expanding a high-quality charter school, which may include— 
‘‘(1) supporting the acquisition, expansion, 
or preparation of a charter school building to meet increasing enrollment needs, including financing the development of a new building and ensuring that a school building complies with applicable statutes and regulations; 
‘‘(2) paying costs associated with hiring ad-
ditional teachers to serve additional stu-dents; 
‘‘(3) providing transportation to students 
to and from the charter school; 
‘‘(4) providing instructional materials, im-
plementing teacher and principal or other school leader professional development pro-grams, and hiring additional nonteaching staff; 
‘‘(5) supporting any necessary activities 
that assist the charter school in carrying out this section, such as preparing individuals to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4746 July 7, 2015 
serve as members of the charter school’s 
board; and 
‘‘(6) providing early childhood education 
programs for children, including direct sup-port to, and coordination with, school- or community-based early childhood education programs. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Each 
State entity receiving a grant under this sec-tion shall submit to the Secretary, at the end of the third year of the grant period and at the end of any renewal period, a report that includes the following: 
‘‘(1) The number of students served by each 
subgrant awarded under this section and, if applicable, the number of new students served during each year of the grant period. 
‘‘(2) The number and amount of subgrants 
awarded under this section to carry out each of the following: 
‘‘(A) The opening of new charter schools. ‘‘(B) The replication of high-quality char-
ter schools. 
‘‘(C) The expansion of high-quality charter 
schools. 
‘‘(3) The progress the State entity made to-
ward meeting the priorities described in sub-paragraphs (E) through (G) of subsection (g)(2). 
‘‘(4) A description of— ‘‘(A) how the State entity complied with, 
and ensured that eligible applicants com-plied with, the assurances described in the State entity’s application; 
‘‘(B) how the State entity worked with au-
thorized public chartering agencies, and how the agencies worked with the management company or leadership of the schools that re-ceive subgrant funds, if applicable; and 
‘‘(C) how each recipient of a subgrant 
under this section uses the subgrant funds on early childhood education programs de-scribed in subsection (h)(6), if such recipient chooses to use such funds on such programs. 
‘‘SEC. 5104. FACILITIES FINANCING ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 5102(b)(1), the Secretary shall use not less than 50 percent to award not less than 3 grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities that have the high-est-quality applications approved under sub-section (d) to demonstrate innovative meth-ods of helping charter schools to address the cost of acquiring, constructing, and ren-ovating facilities by enhancing the avail-ability of loans or bond financing. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—For the 
purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a public entity, such as a State or 
local governmental entity; 
‘‘(B) a private nonprofit entity; or ‘‘(C) a consortium of entities described in 
subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTEE SELECTION .—The Secretary 
shall evaluate each application submitted under subsection (d), and shall determine whether the application is sufficient to merit approval. 
‘‘(c) G
RANT CHARACTERISTICS .—Grants 
under subsection (a) shall be of sufficient size, scope, and quality so as to ensure an ef-fective demonstration of an innovative means of enhancing credit for the financing of charter school acquisition, construction, or renovation. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity desir-
ing to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary in such form as the Secretary may reason-ably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall contain— 
‘‘(A) a statement identifying the activities 
that the eligible entity proposes to carry out with funds received under subsection (a), in-
cluding how the eligible entity will deter-mine which charter schools will receive as-sistance, and how much and what types of assistance charter schools will receive; 
‘‘(B) a description of the involvement of 
charter schools in the application’s develop-ment and the design of the proposed activi-ties; 
‘‘(C) a description of the eligible entity’s 
expertise in capital market financing; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the proposed ac-
tivities will leverage the maximum amount of private-sector financing capital relative to the amount of government funding used and otherwise enhance credit available to charter schools, including how the entity will offer a combination of rates and terms more favorable than the rates and terms that a charter school could receive without assistance from the entity under this sec-tion; 
‘‘(E) a description of how the eligible enti-
ty possesses sufficient expertise in education to evaluate the likelihood of success of a charter school program for which facilities financing is sought; and 
‘‘(F) in the case of an application sub-
mitted by a State governmental entity, a de-scription of the actions that the entity has taken, or will take, to ensure that charter schools within the State receive the funding that charter schools need to have adequate 
facilities. 
‘‘(e) C
HARTER SCHOOL OBJECTIVES .—An eli-
gible entity receiving a grant under this sec-tion shall use the funds deposited in the re-serve account established under subsection (f) to assist one or more charter schools to access private-sector capital to accomplish one or more of the following objectives: 
‘‘(1) The acquisition (by purchase, lease, 
donation, or otherwise) of an interest (in-cluding an interest held by a third party for the benefit of a charter school) in improved or unimproved real property that is nec-essary to commence or continue the oper-ation of a charter school. 
‘‘(2) The construction of new facilities, in-
cluding predevelopment costs, or the renova-tion, repair, or alteration of existing facili-ties, necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(3) The predevelopment costs that are re-
quired to assess sites for purposes of para-graph (1) or (2) and that are necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(f) R
ESERVE ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—To assist charter 
schools in accomplishing the objectives de-scribed in subsection (e), an eligible entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall, in accordance with State and local law, di-rectly or indirectly, alone or in collabora-tion with others, deposit the funds received under subsection (a) (other than funds used for administrative costs in accordance with subsection (g)) in a reserve account estab-lished and maintained by the eligible entity for this purpose. Amounts deposited in such account shall be used by the eligible entity for one or more of the following purposes: 
‘‘(A) Guaranteeing, insuring, and rein-
suring bonds, notes, evidences of debt, loans, and interests therein, the proceeds of which are used for an objective described in sub-section (e). 
‘‘(B) Guaranteeing and insuring leases of 
personal and real property for an objective described in such subsection. 
‘‘(C) Facilitating financing by identifying 
potential lending sources, encouraging pri-vate lending, and other similar activities that directly promote lending to, or for the benefit of, charter schools. 
‘‘(D) Facilitating the issuance of bonds by 
charter schools, or by other public entities for the benefit of charter schools, by pro-
viding technical, administrative, and other appropriate assistance (including the re-cruitment of bond counsel, underwriters, and potential investors and the consolidation of multiple charter school projects within a single bond issue). 
‘‘(2) I
NVESTMENT .—Funds received under 
this section and deposited in the reserve ac-count established under paragraph (1) shall be invested in obligations issued or guaran-teed by the United States or a State, or in other similarly low-risk securities. 
‘‘(3) R
EINVESTMENT OF EARNINGS .—Any 
earnings on funds received under subsection (a) shall be deposited in the reserve account established under paragraph (1) and used in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE  
COSTS.—An eligible entity may use not more 
than 2.5 percent of the funds received under subsection (a) for the administrative costs of carrying out its responsibilities under this section (excluding subsection (k)). 
‘‘(h) A
UDITS AND REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) F INANCIAL RECORD MAINTENANCE AND  
AUDIT .—The financial records of each eligible 
entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall be maintained in accordance with gen-erally accepted accounting principles and shall be subject to an annual audit by an independent public accountant. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTEE ANNUAL REPORTS .—Each eli-
gible entity receiving a grant under sub-section (a) annually shall submit to the Sec-retary a report of the entity’s operations and activities under this section. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each annual report sub-
mitted under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) a copy of the most recent financial 
statements, and any accompanying opinion on such statements, prepared by the inde-pendent public accountant reviewing the fi-nancial records of the eligible entity; 
‘‘(ii) a copy of any report made on an audit 
of the financial records of the eligible entity that was conducted under paragraph (1) dur-ing the reporting period; 
‘‘(iii) an evaluation by the eligible entity 
of the effectiveness of its use of the Federal funds provided under subsection (a) in leveraging private funds; 
‘‘(iv) a listing and description of the char-
ter schools served during the reporting pe-riod, including the amount of funds used by each school, the type of project facilitated by the grant, and the type of assistance pro-vided to the charter schools; 
‘‘(v) a description of the activities carried 
out by the eligible entity to assist charter schools in meeting the objectives set forth in subsection (e); and 
‘‘(vi) a description of the characteristics of 
lenders and other financial institutions par-ticipating in the activities carried out by the eligible entity under this section (excluding subsection (k)) during the reporting period. 
‘‘(C) S
ECRETARIAL REPORT .—The Secretary 
shall review the reports submitted under subparagraph (A) and shall provide a com-prehensive annual report to Congress on the activities conducted under this section (ex-cluding subsection (k)). 
‘‘(i) N
OFULLFAITH AND CREDIT FOR GRANT -
EEOBLIGATION .—No financial obligation of 
an eligible entity entered into pursuant to this section (such as an obligation under a guarantee, bond, note, evidence of debt, or loan) shall be an obligation of, or guaranteed in any respect by, the United States. The full faith and credit of the United States is not 
pledged to the payment of funds that may be required to be paid under any obligation made by an eligible entity pursuant to any provision of this section. 
‘‘(j) R
ECOVERY OF FUNDS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4747 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in ac-
cordance with chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code, shall collect— 
‘‘(A) all of the funds in a reserve account 
established by an eligible entity under sub-section (f)(1) if the Secretary determines, not earlier than 2 years after the date on which the eligible entity first received funds under this section (excluding subsection (k)), that the eligible entity has failed to make sub-stantial progress in carrying out the pur-poses described in subsection (f)(1); or 
‘‘(B) all or a portion of the funds in a re-
serve account established by an eligible enti-ty under subsection (f)(1) if the Secretary de-termines that the eligible entity has perma-nently ceased to use all or a portion of the funds in such account to accomplish any pur-pose described in such subsection. 
‘‘(2) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec-
retary shall not exercise the authority pro-vided in paragraph (1) to collect from any el-igible entity any funds that are being prop-erly used to achieve one or more of the pur-poses described in subsection (f)(1). 
‘‘(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—This subsection shall 
not be construed to impair or affect the au-thority of the Secretary to recover funds under part D of the General Education Provi-sions Act. 
‘‘(k) P
ER-PUPIL FACILITIES AIDPROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF PER -PUPIL FACILITIES AID  
PROGRAM .—In this subsection, the term ‘per- 
pupil facilities aid program’ means a pro-gram in which a State makes payments, on a per-pupil basis, to charter schools to pro-vide the schools with financing— 
‘‘(A) that is dedicated solely to funding 
charter school facilities; or 
‘‘(B) a portion of which is dedicated for 
funding charter school facilities. 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 5102(b)(1) and remaining after the Secretary makes grants under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall make grants, on a competitive basis, to States to pay for the Federal share of the cost of establishing or enhancing, and administering, per-pupil facilities aid programs. 
‘‘(B) P
ERIOD .—The Secretary shall award 
grants under this subsection for periods of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(C) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost described in subparagraph (A) for a per-pupil facilities aid program shall be not more than— 
‘‘(i) 90 percent of the cost, for the first fis-
cal year for which the program receives as-sistance under this subsection; 
‘‘(ii) 80 percent for the second such year; ‘‘(iii) 60 percent for the third such year; ‘‘(iv) 40 percent for the fourth such year; 
and 
‘‘(v) 20 percent for the fifth such year. ‘‘(D) S
TATE SHARE .—A State receiving a 
grant under this subsection may partner with 1 or more organizations, and such orga-nizations may provide not more than 50 per-cent of the State share of the cost of estab-lishing or enhancing, and administering, the per-pupil facilities aid program. 
‘‘(E) M
ULTIPLE GRANTS .—A State may re-
ceive more than 1 grant under this sub-section, so long as the amount of such grant funds provided to charter schools increases with each successive grant. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subsection shall use the funds made available through the grant to establish or enhance, and administer, a per- pupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State of the applicant. 
‘‘(B) E
VALUATIONS ; TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ; 
DISSEMINATION .—From the amount made 
available to a State through a grant under this subsection for a fiscal year, the State may reserve not more than 5 percent to 
carry out evaluations, to provide technical assistance, and to disseminate information. 
‘‘(C) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—In ac-
cordance with the method of determination described in section 1117, funds made avail-able under this subsection shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, State and local public funds expended to provide per- pupil facilities aid programs, operations fi-nancing programs, or other programs, for charter schools. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) V OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—No State 
may be required to participate in a program carried out under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE LAW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a grant under this subsection, a State shall establish or enhance, and administer, a per- pupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State, that— 
‘‘(I) is specified in State law; and ‘‘(II) provides annual financing, on a per- 
pupil basis, for charter school facilities. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—A State that is re-
quired under State law to provide its charter schools with access to adequate facility space may be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection if the State agrees to use the funds to develop a per-pupil facilities aid program consistent with the require-ments of this subsection. 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to re-
ceive a grant under this subsection, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘SEC. 5105. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 5102(b)(2), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use not less than 80 percent of such 
funds to award grants in accordance with subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) use the remainder of such funds to— ‘‘(A) disseminate technical assistance to 
State entities in awarding subgrants under section 5103(b)(1)(A); 
‘‘(B) disseminate best practices regarding 
public charter schools; 
‘‘(C) evaluate the impact of the charter 
school program carried out under this part, including the impact on student achieve-ment; and 
‘‘(D) award grants, on a competitive basis, 
for the purpose of carrying out the activities described in section 5103(h), to eligible appli-cants that desire to open a charter school, replicate a high-quality charter school, or expand a high-quality charter school in— 
‘‘(i) a State that did not apply for a grant 
under section 5103; or 
‘‘(ii) a State that did not receive a grant 
under section 5103. 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS FOR THE REPLICATION AND EX-
PANSION OF HIGH-QUALITY CHARTER  
SCHOOLS .—The Secretary shall make grants, 
on a competitive basis, to eligible entities having applications approved under para-graph (2) to enable such entities to replicate a high-quality charter school or expand a high-quality charter school. 
‘‘(1) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligi-ble entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a charter management organization 
that, at the time of the application, operates or manages one or more high-quality charter schools; or 
‘‘(B) a nonprofit organization that oversees 
and coordinates the activities of a group of such charter management organizations. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—An eligi-
ble entity desiring to receive a grant under this subsection shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such 
manner as the Secretary may require. The application shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of the eligible entity’s 
objectives for implementing a high-quality charter school program with funding under this subsection, including a description of the proposed number of high-quality charter schools to be replicated or expanded with funding under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) A description of the educational pro-
gram that the eligible entity will implement in the charter schools that the eligible enti-ty proposes to replicate or expand, including information on how the program will enable all students to meet the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1), the grade levels or ages of students who will be served, and the instructional practices that will be used. 
‘‘(C) A multi-year financial and operating 
model for the eligible entity, including a de-scription of how the operation of the charter schools to be replicated or expanded will be sustained after the grant under this sub-section has ended. 
‘‘(D) A description of how the eligible enti-
ty will inform all students in the commu-nity, including children with disabilities, students who are English learners, and other educationally disadvantaged students, about the charter schools to be replicated or ex-panded with funding under this subsection. 
‘‘(E) For each charter school currently op-
erated or managed by the eligible entity— 
‘‘(i) student assessment results for all stu-
dents and for each category of students de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi); and 
‘‘(ii) attendance and student retention 
rates for the most recently completed school year and, if applicable, the most recent available 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates (as such rates were cal-culated on the day before enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015). 
‘‘(F) Information on any significant com-
pliance issues encountered, within the last 3 years, by any school operated or managed by the eligible entity, including in the areas of student safety and financial management. 
‘‘(G) A request and justification for any 
waivers of Federal statutory or regulatory requirements that the eligible entity be-lieves are necessary for the successful oper-ation of the charter schools to be replicated or expanded with funding under this sub-section. 
‘‘(3) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
shall select eligible entities to receive grants under this subsection, on the basis of the 
quality of the applications submitted under paragraph (2), after taking into consider-ation such factors as— 
‘‘(A) the degree to which the eligible entity 
has demonstrated success in increasing aca-demic achievement and attainment for all students attending the charter schools the eligible entity operates or manages; 
‘‘(B) the degree to which the eligible entity 
has demonstrated success in increasing aca-demic achievement and attainment for each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A); 
‘‘(C) the quality of the eligible entity’s fi-
nancial and operating model as described under paragraph (2)(C), including the quality of the eligible entity’s plan for sustaining the operation of the charter schools to be replicated or expanded after the grant under this subsection has ended; 
‘‘(D) a determination that the eligible enti-
ty has not operated or managed a significant proportion of charter schools that— 
‘‘(i) have been closed; ‘‘(ii) have had a school charter revoked due 
to problems with statutory or regulatory compliance; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4748 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(iii) have had the school’s affiliation with 
the eligible entity revoked; and 
‘‘(E) a determination that the eligible enti-
ty has not experienced significant problems with statutory or regulatory compliance that could lead to the revocation of a school’s charter. 
‘‘(4) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that operate or manage charter schools that, in the aggre-gate, serve students at least 60 percent of whom are eligible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act. 
‘‘(5) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Except as 
otherwise provided in this subsection, grants awarded under subsection (a)(2)(D) and this subsection shall have the same terms and conditions as grants awarded to State enti-ties under section 5103.’’; 
(2) in section 5106 (20 U.S.C. 7221e), as re-
designated by section 5001(7), by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) N
EW OR SIGNIFICANTLY EXPANDING  
CHARTER SCHOOLS .—For purposes of imple-
menting the hold harmless protections in sections 1122(c) and 1125A(g)(3) for a newly opened or significantly expanded charter school under subsection (a), a State edu-cational agency shall calculate a hold-harm-less base for the prior year that, as applica-ble, reflects the new or significantly ex-panded enrollment of the charter school.’’; 
(3) in section 5108 (20 U.S.C. 7221g), as re-
designated by section 5001(7), by inserting ‘‘as quickly as possible and’’ before ‘‘to the extent practicable’’; 
(4) in section 5110 (20 U.S.C. 7221i), as redes-
ignated by section 5001(7)— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), 
and (3) as paragraphs (2), (5), and (6), respec-tively; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (1), and moving such paragraph so as 
to precede paragraph (2), as redesignated by subparagraph (A); 
(C) in paragraph (2), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (A)— 
(i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘, and 
part B’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly referred to as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’), and part B’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (H) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(H) is a school to which parents choose to 
send their children, and that— 
‘‘(i) admits students on the basis of a lot-
tery, if more students apply for admission than can be accommodated; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a school that has an af-
filiated charter school (such as a school that is part of the same network of schools), auto-matically enrolls students who are enrolled in the immediate prior grade level of the af-filiated charter school and, for any addi-tional student openings or student openings created through regular attrition in student enrollment in the affiliated charter school and the enrolling school, admits students on the basis of a lottery as described in clause (i);’’; 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (I) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(I) agrees to comply with the same Fed-
eral and State audit requirements as do other elementary schools and secondary schools in the State, unless such State audit requirements are waived by the State;’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(v) in subparagraph (L), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(vi) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(M) may serve students in early childhood 
education programs or postsecondary stu-dents.’’; 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (2), as re-
designated by subparagraph (A), the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(3) C
HARTER MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION .— 
The term ‘charter management organization’ means a nonprofit organization that oper-ates or manages multiple charter schools by centralizing or sharing certain functions or resources. 
‘‘(4) C
HARTER SCHOOL SUPPORT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘charter school support or-
ganization’ means a nonprofit, nongovern-mental entity that is not an authorized pub-lic chartering agency and provides, on a statewide basis— 
‘‘(A) assistance to developers during the 
planning, program design, and initial imple-mentation of a charter school; and 
‘‘(B) technical assistance to operating 
charter schools.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (6)(B), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘under section 5203(d)(3)’’; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) E
XPANSION OF A HIGH -QUALITY CHARTER  
SCHOOL .—The term ‘expansion of a high-qual-
ity charter school’ means increasing the en-rollment at a high-quality charter school by not less than 50 percent or adding 2 or more grades to a high-quality charter school. 
‘‘(8) H
IGH-QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘high-quality charter school’ means a charter school that— 
‘‘(A) shows evidence of strong academic re-
sults, which may include strong student aca-demic growth, as determined by a State; 
‘‘(B) has no significant issues in the areas 
of student safety, financial and operational management, or statutory or regulatory compliance; 
‘‘(C) has demonstrated success in signifi-
cantly increasing student academic achieve-ment, including graduation rates where ap-plicable, for all students served by the char-ter school; and 
‘‘(D) has demonstrated success in increas-
ing student academic achievement, including graduation rates where applicable, for each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), except that such dem-onstration is not required in a case in which the number of students in a group is insuffi-cient to yield statistically reliable informa-tion or the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
‘‘(9) R
EPLICATION OF A HIGH -QUALITY CHAR -
TER SCHOOL .—The term ‘replication of a 
high-quality charter school’ means the open-ing of a charter school— 
‘‘(A) under an existing charter or an addi-
tional charter, if permitted by State law; 
‘‘(B) based on the model of a high-quality 
charter school; and 
‘‘(C) that will be operated or managed by 
the same nonprofit organization that oper-ates or manages such high-quality charter school under an existing charter.’’; and 
(5) by striking section 5111 (20 U.S.C. 7221j), 
as redesignated by section 5001(7), and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5111. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 5003. MAGNET SCHOOLS ASSISTANCE. 
Part B of title V (20 U.S.C. 7231 et seq.), as 
redesignated by section 5001(5), is amended— 
(1) in section 5201(b), as redesignated by 
section 5001(8)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and the increase of socio-
economic integration’’ before ‘‘in elemen-tary schools and secondary schools’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘low-income and’’ before 
‘‘minority students’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘and implementation’’ and 
inserting ‘‘, implementation, and expan-sion’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘content standards and stu-
dent academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘standards under section 1111(b)(1)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and de-
sign’’ and inserting ‘‘, design, and expan-sion’’; 
(D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘voca-
tional’’ and inserting ‘‘career’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘produc-
tive employment’’ and inserting ‘‘to enter into the workforce without the need for post-
secondary education’’; 
(2) in section 5202, as redesignated by sec-
tion 5001(8), by striking ‘‘backgrounds’’ and inserting ‘‘, ethnic, and socioeconomic back-grounds’’; 
(3) in section 5205(b), as redesignated by 
section 5001(8)— 
(A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘any 
available evidence on’’ before ‘‘how the pro-posed magnet school programs’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding any evidence available to support such description’’ before the semicolon; 
(iii) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) 
and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; and 
(iv) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) how the applicant will assess, mon-
itor, and evaluate the impact of the activi-ties funded under this part on student achievement and integration;’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘will’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘will’’ before ‘‘use grant 
funds’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘section 5301(b)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 5201(b)’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘em-
ploy highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘will employ effective’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘not 
engage in’’ and inserting ‘‘is not currently engaging in and will not engage in’’; 
(v) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘will’’ 
before carry out; and 
(vi) in subparagraph (E), by inserting 
‘‘will’’ before ‘‘give students’’; 
(4) in section 5206, as redesignated by sec-
tion 5001(8), by striking paragraph (2) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(2) propose to— ‘‘(A) carry out a new, evidence-based mag-
net school program; 
‘‘(B) significantly revise an existing mag-
net school program, using evidence-based methods and practices, as available; or 
‘‘(C) expand an existing magnet school pro-
gram that has a demonstrated record of suc-cess in increasing student academic achieve-ment, reducing isolation of minority groups, and increasing socioeconomic integration; and’’; 
(5) in section 5207, as redesignated by sec-
tion 5001(8)— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘who are 
highly qualified’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(iii) in paragraph (7), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4749 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(8) to enable the local educational agen-
cy, or consortium of such agencies, or other organizations partnered with such agency or consortium, to establish, expand, or strengthen inter-district and regional mag-net programs.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the 
State’s challenging academic content’’ and all that follows through the period and in-serting ‘‘the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1) or are di-rectly related to improving student aca-demic, career, or technological skills and professional skills.’’; 
(6) in section 5208, as redesignated by sec-
tion 5001(10)— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘for a pe-
riod’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘for an initial period of not more than 3 fiscal years, and may be renewed for not more than an additional 2 years if the Secretary finds that the recipient of a grant under this part is achieving the intended outcomes of the grant and shows improve-ment in increasing student academic achievement, reducing minority group isola-tion, and increasing socioeconomic integra-tion, or other indicators of success estab-lished by the Secretary.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘July’’ 
and inserting ‘‘June’’; and 
(7) in section 5209, as redesignated by sec-
tion 5001(10)— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking 
‘‘$125,000,000’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’; 
(B) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(C) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATION FOR TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—The Secretary may reserve not more 
than 1 percent of the funds appropriated under subsection (a) for any fiscal year to provide technical assistance and carry out dissemination projects with respect to mag-net school programs assisted under this part.’’. 
SEC. 5004. SUPPORTING HIGH-ABILITY LEARNERS 
AND LEARNING. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part B the following: 
‘‘PART C—SUPPORTING HIGH-ABILITY 
LEARNERS AND LEARNING 
‘‘SEC. 5301. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Jacob K. 
Javits Gifted and Talented Students Edu-cation Act of 2015’. 
‘‘SEC. 5302. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to initiate a 
coordinated program of evidence-based re-search, demonstration projects, innovative strategies, and similar activities designed to build and enhance the ability of elementary schools and secondary schools nationwide to meet the special educational needs of gifted and talented students. 
‘‘SEC. 5303. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘Nothing in this part shall be construed to 
prohibit a recipient of funds under this part from serving gifted and talented students si-multaneously with students with similar educational needs, in the same educational settings, where appropriate. 
‘‘SEC. 5304. AUTHORIZED PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary (after con-
sultation with experts in the field of the edu-cation of gifted and talented students) is au-thorized to make grants to, or enter into contracts with, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, institutions of higher education, other public agencies, and other private agencies and organizations to 
assist such agencies, institutions, and orga-nizations in carrying out programs or projects authorized by this part that are de-signed to meet the educational needs of gift-
ed and talented students, including the training of personnel in the education of gifted and talented students and in the use, where appropriate, of gifted and talented services, materials, and methods for all stu-dents. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—Each entity seeking as-
sistance under this part shall submit an ap-plication to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire. Each such application shall describe how— 
‘‘(A) the proposed gifted and talented serv-
ices, materials, and methods can be adapted, if appropriate, for use by all students; and 
‘‘(B) the proposed programs can be evalu-
ated. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Programs and projects 
assisted under this section may include each of the following: 
‘‘(1) Conducting evidence-based research on 
methods and techniques for identifying and teaching gifted and talented students and for using gifted and talented programs and methods to serve all students. 
‘‘(2) Establishing and operating model 
projects and exemplary programs for serving gifted and talented students, including inno-vative methods for identifying and educating students who may not be served by tradi-tional gifted and talented programs (such as summer programs, mentoring programs, service learning programs, and cooperative programs involving business, industry, and education). 
‘‘(3) Implementing innovative strategies, 
such as cooperative learning, peer tutoring, and service learning. 
‘‘(4) Carrying out programs of technical as-
sistance and information dissemination, in-cluding assistance and information with re-spect to how gifted and talented programs and methods, where appropriate, may be adapted for use by all students. 
‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE.—To the extent that the 
amount of funds appropriated to carry out this part for a fiscal year beginning with fis-cal year 2016 exceed the amount of $7,500,000, the Secretary shall use such excess funds to award grants, on a competitive basis, to State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, or both, to implement ac-tivities described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(d) C
ENTER FOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary (after con-
sultation with experts in the field of the edu-cation of gifted and talented students) shall establish a National Research Center for the Education of Gifted and Talented Children and Youth through grants to, or contracts with, one or more institutions of higher edu-cation or State educational agencies, or a combination or consortium of such institu-tions and agencies and other public or pri-vate agencies and organizations, for the pur-pose of carrying out activities described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) D
IRECTOR .—The National Center shall 
be headed by a Director. The Secretary may authorize the Director to carry out such functions of the National Center as may be agreed upon through arrangements with in-stitutions of higher education, State edu-cational agencies, local educational agen-cies, or other public or private agencies and organizations. 
‘‘(3) F
UNDING .—For each fiscal year, the 
Secretary may use not more than $2,250,000 to carry out this subsection. 
‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION .—Evidence-based activi-
ties supported under this part— ‘‘(1) shall be carried out in consultation 
with the Institute of Education Sciences to ensure that such activities are coordinated with and enhance the research and develop-ment activities supported by the Institute; and 
‘‘(2) may include collaborative evidence- 
based activities which are jointly funded and carried out with such Institute. 
‘‘SEC. 5305. PROGRAM PRIORITIES. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL PRIORITY .—In carrying out 
this part, the Secretary shall give highest priority to programs and projects designed to develop new information that— 
‘‘(1) improves the capability of schools to 
plan, conduct, and improve programs to identify and serve gifted and talented stu-dents; and 
‘‘(2) assists schools in the identification of, 
and provision of services to, gifted and tal-ented students (including economically dis-advantaged individuals, individuals who are English learners, and children with disabil-ities) who may not be identified and served through traditional assessment methods. 
‘‘(b) S
ERVICE PRIORITY .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that not less than 50 percent of the applications approved under section 5304(a)(2) in a fiscal year address the priority described in subsection (a)(2). 
‘‘SEC. 5306. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) P ARTICIPATION OF PRIVATE SCHOOL  
CHILDREN AND TEACHERS .—In making grants 
and entering into contracts under this part, the Secretary shall ensure, where appro-priate, that provision is made for the equi-table participation of students and teachers in private nonprofit elementary schools and secondary schools, including the participa-tion of teachers and other personnel in pro-fessional development programs serving such students. 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW , DISSEMINATION , AND EVALUA -
TION.—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use a peer-review process in reviewing 
applications under this part; 
‘‘(2) ensure that information on the activi-
ties and results of programs and projects funded under this part is disseminated to ap-propriate State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and other appropriate organizations, including nonprofit private organizations; and 
‘‘(3) evaluate the effectiveness of programs 
under this part in accordance with section 9601, in terms of the impact on students tra-ditionally served in separate gifted and tal-ented programs and on other students, and submit the results of such evaluation to Con-gress not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM OPERATIONS .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the programs under this part are administered within the Depart-ment by a person who has recognized profes-sional qualifications and experience in the field of the education of gifted and talented students and who shall— 
‘‘(1) administer and coordinate the pro-
grams authorized under this part; 
‘‘(2) serve as a focal point of national lead-
ership and information on the educational needs of gifted and talented students and the availability of educational services and pro-grams designed to meet such needs; 
‘‘(3) assist the Director of the Institute of 
Education Sciences in identifying research priorities that reflect the needs of gifted and talented students; and 
‘‘(4) disseminate, and consult on, the infor-
mation developed under this part with other offices within the Department. 
‘‘SEC. 5307. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4750 July 7, 2015 
necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 5005. EDUCATION INNOVATION AND RE-
SEARCH. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part C, as added by section 5004, the following: 
‘‘PART D—EDUCATION INNOVATION AND 
RESEARCH 
‘‘SEC. 5401. GRANTS FOR EDUCATION INNOVA-
TION AND RESEARCH. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From funds 
appropriated under subsection (e), the Sec-retary shall make grants to eligible entities for the development, implementation, rep-lication, or scaling and rigorous testing of entrepreneurial, evidence-based, field-initi-ated innovations to improve student achieve-ment and attainment for high-need students, including— 
‘‘(1) early-phase grants to fund the develop-
ment, implementation, and feasibility test-ing of a program that prior research suggests has promise, for the purpose of determining whether the program can successfully im-prove student achievement or attainment for high-need students; 
‘‘(2) mid-phase grants to fund implementa-
tion and a rigorous evaluation of a program that has been successfully implemented under an early-phase grant or other effort meeting similar criteria, for the purpose of measuring the program’s impact and cost ef-fectiveness, if possible using existing admin-istrative data; or 
‘‘(3) expansion grants to fund implementa-
tion and a rigorous replication evaluation of a program that has been found to produce sizable, important impacts under a mid- phase grant or other effort meeting similar criteria, for the purpose of determining whether such impacts can be successfully re-produced and sustained over time, and iden-tifying the conditions in which the program is most effective. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this section, the 
term ‘eligible entity’ means any of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) A local educational agency. ‘‘(2) A State educational agency. ‘‘(3) A consortium of State educational 
agencies or local educational agencies. 
‘‘(4) A State educational agency or a local 
educational agency, in partnership with— 
‘‘(A) a nonprofit organization; ‘‘(B) a small business; ‘‘(C) a charter management organization; ‘‘(D) an educational service agency; or ‘‘(E) an institution of higher education. 
‘‘(c) R
URAL AREAS .—In awarding grants 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall en-sure that not less than 25 percent of the funds for any fiscal year are awarded for projects that meet both of the following re-quirements: 
‘‘(1) The grantee is— ‘‘(A) a local educational agency with an 
urban-centric district locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) a consortium of such local edu-
cational agencies; or 
‘‘(C) an educational service agency or a 
nonprofit organization in partnership with such a local educational agency. 
‘‘(2) A majority of the schools to be served 
by the project are designated with a school locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, or a com-bination of such codes, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—In order to receive 
a grant under subsection (a), an eligible enti-ty shall demonstrate that the eligible entity will provide matching funds in an amount equal to 10 percent of the funds provided under a grant under this part, except that the Secretary may waive the matching funds requirement, on a case-by-case basis, upon a 
showing of exceptional circumstances, such as— 
‘‘(1) the difficulty of raising matching 
funds for a project to serve a rural area; 
‘‘(2) the difficulty of raising matching 
funds in areas with a concentration of local educational agencies or schools with a high percentage of students aged 5 through 17— 
‘‘(A) who are in poverty, as counted in the 
most recent census data approved by the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) who are eligible for a free or reduced 
priced lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act; 
‘‘(C) whose families receive assistance 
under the State program funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.); or 
‘‘(D) who are eligible to receive medical as-
sistance under the Medicaid program; and 
‘‘(3) the difficulty of raising funds in des-
ignated tribal areas. 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be 
necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 5006. ACCELERATED LEARNING. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part D, as added by section 5005, the following: 
‘‘PART E—ACCELERATED LEARNING 
‘‘SEC. 5501. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Acceler-
ated Learning Act of 2015’. 
‘‘SEC. 5502. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are— ‘‘(1) to raise student academic achievement 
through accelerated learning programs, in-cluding Advanced Placement and Inter-national Baccalaureate programs, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high schools that provide postsec-ondary-level instruction, examinations, or sequences of courses that are widely accept-ed for credit at institutions of higher edu-cation; 
‘‘(2) to increase the number of students at-
tending high-need schools who enroll and succeed in accelerated learning courses, ac-celerated learning examinations, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(3) to support efforts by States and local 
educational agencies to increase the avail-ability of, and enrollment in, accelerated learning courses, pre-accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses in high-need schools; and 
‘‘(4) to provide high-quality professional 
development for teachers of accelerated learning courses, pre-accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses in high-need schools. 
‘‘SEC. 5503. FUNDING DISTRIBUTION RULE. 
‘‘From amounts appropriated under sec-
tion 5508 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall give priority to funding activities under sec-tion 5504 and shall distribute any remaining funds under section 5505. 
‘‘SEC. 5504. ACCELERATED LEARNING EXAMINA-
TION FEE PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From amounts 
made available under section 5503 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award grants to State educational agencies having applica-tions approved under this section to enable the State educational agencies to reimburse low-income students to cover part or all of the costs of accelerated learning examina-tion fees, if the low-income students— 
‘‘(1) are enrolled in accelerated learning 
courses; and ‘‘(2) plan to take accelerated learning ex-
aminations. 
‘‘(b) A
WARD BASIS.—In determining the 
amount of the grant awarded to a State edu-cational agency under this section for a fis-cal year, the Secretary shall consider the number of children eligible to be counted under section 1124(c) in the State in relation to the number of such children so counted in 
all States. 
‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION DISSEMINATION .—A State 
educational agency that is awarded a grant under this section shall make publicly avail-able information regarding the availability of accelerated learning examination fee pay-ments under this section, and shall dissemi-nate such information to eligible high school students and parents, including through high school teachers and counselors. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .—Each State edu-
cational agency desiring to receive a grant under this section shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. At a minimum, each State educational agency application shall— 
‘‘(1) describe the accelerated learning ex-
amination fees the State educational agency will pay on behalf of low-income students in the State from grant funds awarded under this section; 
‘‘(2) provide an assurance that any grant 
funds awarded under this section will be used only to pay for accelerated learning exam-ination fees; and 
‘‘(3) contain such information as the Sec-
retary may require to demonstrate that the State educational agency will ensure that a student is eligible for payments authorized under this section, including ensuring that the student is a low-income student. 
‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
prescribe such regulations as are necessary to carry out this section. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency awarded a grant under this section shall, with respect to each accelerated learn-ing course subject, annually report to the Secretary the following data for the pre-ceding year: 
‘‘(A) The number of students in the State 
who are taking an accelerated learning course in such subject. 
‘‘(B) The number of accelerated learning 
examinations taken by students in the State who have taken an accelerated learning course in such subject. 
‘‘(C) The number of students in the State 
scoring at each level on accelerated learning examinations in such subject, disaggregated by race, ethnicity, sex, English proficiency status, and socioeconomic status. 
‘‘(D) Demographic information regarding 
students in the State taking accelerated learning courses and accelerated learning ex-aminations in such subject, disaggregated by race, ethnicity, sex, English proficiency sta-tus, and socioeconomic status. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall annually compile the information re-ceived from each State educational agency under paragraph (1) and report to the author-izing committees of Congress regarding the information. 
‘‘(g) B
UREAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION AS STATE  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—For purposes of this 
section, the Bureau of Indian Education shall be treated as a State educational agen-cy. 
‘‘SEC. 5505. ACCELERATED LEARNING INCENTIVE 
PROGRAM GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts made 
available under section 5503 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall award grants, on a com-petitive basis, to eligible entities to enable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4751 July 7, 2015 
such entities to carry out the authorized ac-
tivities described in subsection (e). 
‘‘(2) D URATION , RENEWAL , AND PAYMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D URATION .—The Secretary shall award 
a grant under this section for a period of not more than 3 years. 
‘‘(B) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew 
a grant awarded under this section for an ad-ditional period of not more than 2 years, if an eligible entity— 
‘‘(i) is achieving the objectives of the 
grant; and 
‘‘(ii) has shown improvement against base-
line data on the performance measures de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of subsection (g)(1). 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In 
this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(1) a State educational agency; ‘‘(2) a local educational agency; or ‘‘(3) a partnership consisting of— ‘‘(A) a national, regional, or statewide non-
profit organization, with expertise and expe-rience in providing accelerated learning course services, dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, and early college high school courses; and 
‘‘(B) a State educational agency or local 
educational agency. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this section shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such 
information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The application shall, at a 
minimum, include a description of— 
‘‘(A) the goals and objectives for the 
project supported by the grant under this section, including— 
‘‘(i) increasing the number of teachers 
serving high-need schools who are qualified to teach accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(ii) increasing the number of accelerated 
learning courses, dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, and early college high school courses that are offered at high-need schools; and 
‘‘(iii) increasing the number of students at-
tending a high-need school, particularly low- income students, who enroll and succeed in— 
‘‘(I) accelerated learning courses; ‘‘(II) if offered by the school, pre-acceler-
ated learning courses; 
‘‘(III) dual or concurrent enrollment pro-
grams; and 
‘‘(IV) early college high school courses; ‘‘(B) how the eligible entity will ensure 
that students have access to courses that will prepare them to enroll and succeed in accelerated learning courses, pre-accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(C) how the eligible entity will provide 
professional development for teachers that will further the goals and objectives of the grant project; 
‘‘(D) how the eligible entity will ensure 
that teachers serving high-need schools are qualified to teach accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(E) how the eligible entity will provide 
for the involvement of business and commu-nity organizations and other entities, includ-ing institutions of higher education, in car-rying out the activities described in sub-section (e); 
‘‘(F) how the eligible entity will use funds 
received under this section; and 
‘‘(G) how the eligible entity will evaluate 
the success of the grant project. 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to applications from eligible entities 
that propose to carry out activities in a local educational agency that is eligible under the small rural school achievement program or the rural and low-income school program au-thorized under subpart 1 or 2 of part B of title VI. 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Each eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this sec-tion may use grant funds for— 
‘‘(1) high-quality teacher professional de-
velopment, in order to expand the pool of teachers in the participating State, local educational agency, or high-need school who 
are qualified to teach accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses, including through innovative models such as online academies and training institutes; 
‘‘(2) high-quality teacher and counselor 
professional development to prepare stu-dents for success in accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(3) coordination and articulation between 
grade levels to prepare students to enroll and succeed in accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(4) the purchase of instructional mate-
rials for accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(5) activities to increase the availability 
of, and participation in, online accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, and early college high school courses; 
‘‘(6) carrying out the requirements of sub-
section (g); or 
‘‘(7) in the case of an eligible entity de-
scribed in subsection (b)(1), awarding sub-grants to local educational agencies to en-able the local educational agencies to carry out authorized activities described in para-graphs (1) through (6). 
‘‘(f) C
ONTRACTS .—An eligible entity that is 
awarded a grant to provide online courses under this section may enter into a contract with an organization to provide accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, and early college high school courses, including contracting for necessary support services. 
‘‘(g) C
OLLECTING AND REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) R EPORT .—Each eligible entity receiv-
ing a grant under this section shall collect and report to the Secretary annually such data regarding the results of the grant as the Secretary may reasonably require, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) the number of students served by the 
eligible entity enrolling in accelerated learn-ing courses, pre-accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses, disaggregated by grade level of the student, and the grades received by such students in the courses; 
‘‘(B) the number of students taking an ac-
celerated learning examination and the dis-tribution of scores on those examinations, disaggregated by the grade level of the stu-dent at the time of examination; 
‘‘(C) the number of teachers who, as of the 
date of the report, are receiving training to teach accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and early college high school courses, and will teach such courses in the next school year; 
‘‘(D) the number of teachers becoming 
qualified to teach accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment pro-grams, and early college high school courses; and 
‘‘(E) the number of qualified teachers who 
are teaching accelerated learning courses, dual or concurrent enrollment programs, and 
early college high school courses in high- need schools served by the eligible entity. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTING OF DATA .—Each eligible en-
tity receiving a grant under this section shall report the data required under para-graph (1)— 
‘‘(A) disaggregated by subject area; ‘‘(B) in the case of student data, 
disaggregated in the same manner as infor-mation is disaggregated under section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi); and 
‘‘(C) in a manner that allows for an assess-
ment of the effectiveness of the grant pro-gram. 
‘‘(h) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, shall, in consultation with the relevant program office at the Depart-ment, evaluate the implementation and im-pact of the activities supported under this section, including progress as measured by the performance measures established under subparagraphs (A) through (E) of subsection (g)(1). 
‘‘(i) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a grant under this section shall pro-vide toward the cost of the activities as-sisted under the grant, from non-Federal sources, an amount equal to 100 percent of the amount of the grant, except that an eli-gible entity that is a high-need local edu-cational agency, as determined by the Sec-retary, shall provide an amount equal to not more than 50 percent of the amount of the grant. 
‘‘(2) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—The eligible entity 
may provide the matching funds described in paragraph (1) in cash or in kind, fairly evalu-ated, but may not provide more than 50 per-cent of the matching funds in kind. The eli-gible entity may provide the matching funds from State, local, or private sources. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive all 
or part of the matching requirement de-scribed in paragraph (1) for any fiscal year for an eligible entity if the Secretary deter-mines that applying the matching require-ment to such eligible entity would result in serious hardship or an inability to carry out the authorized activities described in sub-section (e). 
‘‘SEC. 5506. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Grant funds provided under this part shall 
supplement, and not supplant, other non- Federal funds that are available to assist low-income students to pay for the cost of accelerated learning fees or to expand access to accelerated learning and pre-accelerated learning courses. 
‘‘SEC. 5507. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) A
CCELERATED LEARNING COURSE .—The 
term ‘accelerated learning course’ means— 
‘‘(A) a course of postsecondary-level in-
struction provided to middle or high school students, terminating in an Advanced Place-ment or International Baccalaureate exam-ination; or 
‘‘(B) another highly rigorous, evidence- 
based, postsecondary preparatory program terminating in— 
‘‘(i) an examination or sequence of courses 
that are widely accepted for credit at insti-tutions of higher education; or 
‘‘(ii) another examination or sequence of 
courses approved by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) A
CCELERATED LEARNING EXAMINA -
TION.—The term ‘accelerated learning exam-
ination’ means an Advanced Placement ex-amination administered by the College Board, an International Baccalaureate exam-ination administered by the International Baccalaureate, an examination that is wide-ly accepted for college credit, or another such examination approved by the Secretary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4752 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(3) H IGH-NEED SCHOOL .—The term ‘high- 
need school’ means a high school— 
‘‘(A) with a demonstrated need for Ad-
vanced Placement or International Bacca-laureate courses, dual or concurrent enroll-ment programs, or early college high school courses; and 
‘‘(B) that— ‘‘(i) has a high concentration of low-in-
come students; or 
‘‘(ii) is a local educational agency that is 
eligible, as determined by the Secretary, under the small, rural school achievement program, or the rural and low-income school program, authorized under subpart 1 or 2 of part B of title VI. 
‘‘(4) L
OW-INCOME STUDENT .—The term ‘low- 
income student’ means a student who is eli-gible for a free or reduced price lunch under the school lunch program established under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
‘‘SEC. 5508. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 5007. READY-TO-LEARN TELEVISION. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part E, as added by section 5006, the following: 
‘‘PART F—READY-TO-LEARN TELEVISION 
‘‘SEC. 5601. READY-TO-LEARN. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED ; R EADY -TO- 
LEARN .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to award grants to, or enter into con-tracts or cooperative agreements with, eligi-ble entities described in paragraph (3) to en-able such entities— 
‘‘(A) to develop, produce, and distribute 
educational and instructional video pro-gramming for preschool and elementary school children and their parents in order to facilitate student academic achievement; 
‘‘(B) to facilitate the development, directly 
or through contracts with producers of chil-dren’s and family educational television pro-gramming, of educational programming for preschool and elementary school children, and the accompanying support materials and services that promote the effective use of such programming; 
‘‘(C) to facilitate the development of pro-
gramming and digital content containing Ready-to-Learn-based children’s program-ming and resources for parents and care-givers that is specially designed for nation-wide distribution over public television sta-tions’ digital broadcasting channels and the Internet; 
‘‘(D) to contract with entities (such as pub-
lic telecommunications entities) so that pro-grams developed under this section are dis-seminated and distributed to the widest pos-sible audience appropriate to be served by the programming, and through the use of the most appropriate distribution technologies; and 
‘‘(E) to develop and disseminate education 
and training materials, including interactive programs and programs adaptable to dis-tance learning technologies, that are de-signed— 
‘‘(i) to promote school readiness; and ‘‘(ii) to promote the effective use of mate-
rials developed under subparagraphs (B) and (C) among parents, teachers, Head Start pro-viders, providers of family literacy services, child care providers, early childhood devel-opment personnel, elementary school teach-ers, public libraries, and after-school pro-gram personnel caring for preschool and ele-
mentary school children. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—In awarding or enter-
ing into grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements under this section, the Secretary 
shall ensure that eligible entities make pro-gramming widely available, with support materials as appropriate, to young children, parents, child care workers, Head Start pro-viders, and providers of family literacy serv-ices to increase the effective use of such pro-gramming. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—To be eligible to 
receive a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section, an entity shall be a public telecommunications entity that is able to demonstrate each of the following: 
‘‘(A) A capacity for the development and 
national distribution of educational and in-structional television programming of high quality that is accessible by a large majority of disadvantaged preschool and elementary school children. 
‘‘(B) A capacity to contract with the pro-
ducers of children’s television programming for the purpose of developing educational television programming of high quality. 
‘‘(C) A capacity, consistent with the enti-
ty’s mission and nonprofit nature, to nego-tiate such contracts in a manner that re-turns to the entity an appropriate share of any ancillary income from sales of any pro-gram-related products. 
‘‘(D) A capacity to localize programming 
and materials to meet specific State and local needs and to provide educational out-reach at the local level. 
‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION OF ACTIVITIES .—An enti-
ty receiving a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement under this section shall consult with the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services— 
‘‘(A) to maximize the utilization of quality 
educational programming by preschool and elementary school children, and make such programming widely available to federally funded programs serving such populations; and 
‘‘(B) to coordinate activities with Federal 
programs that have major training compo-nents for early childhood development, in-cluding programs under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) and State training ac-tivities funded under the Child Care and De-velopment Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), regarding the availability and utilization of materials developed under paragraph (1)(E) to enhance parent and child care provider skills in early childhood devel-opment and education. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to re-
ceive a grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment under subsection (a), an entity shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may rea-sonably require. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORTS AND EVALUATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) A NNUAL REPORT TO THE SECRETARY .— 
An entity receiving a grant, contract, or co-operative agreement under this section shall prepare and submit to the Secretary an an-nual report that contains such information as the Secretary may require. At a min-imum, the report shall describe the program activities undertaken with funds received under the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, including each of the following: 
‘‘(A) The programming that has been de-
veloped, directly or indirectly, by the eligi-ble entity, and the target population of the programs developed. 
‘‘(B) The support and training materials 
that have been developed to accompany the programming, and the method by which the materials are distributed to consumers and users of the programming. 
‘‘(C) The means by which programming de-
veloped under this section has been distrib-uted, including the distance learning tech-nologies that have been utilized to make pro-gramming available, and the geographic dis-tribution achieved through such tech-
nologies. 
‘‘(D) The initiatives undertaken by the en-
tity to develop public-private partnerships to secure non-Federal support for the develop-ment, distribution, and broadcast of edu-cational and instructional programming. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives a biannual report that includes the following: 
‘‘(A) A summary of the activities assisted 
under subsection (a). 
‘‘(B) A description of the education and 
training materials made available under sub-section (a)(1)(E), the manner in which out-reach has been conducted to inform parents and child care providers of the availability of such materials, and the manner in which such materials have been distributed in ac-cordance with such subsection. 
‘‘(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—An entity 
that receives a grant, contract, or coopera-tive agreement under this section may use up to 5 percent of the amount received under the grant, contract, or agreement for the normal and customary expenses of admin-istering the grant, contract, or agreement. 
‘‘(e) F
UNDING RULE.—Not less than 60 per-
cent of the amount appropriated under sub-section (f) for each fiscal year shall be used to carry out activities under subparagraphs (B) through (D) of subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part such sums as may be nec-essary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 5008. INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY EXPANDS 
CHILDREN’S HORIZONS (I–TECH). 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part F, as added by section 5007, the following: 
‘‘PART G—INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY EX-
PANDS CHILDREN’S HORIZONS (I–TECH) 
‘‘SEC. 5701. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are— ‘‘(1) to improve the achievement, academic 
growth, and college and career readiness of all students; 
‘‘(2) to ensure that all students have access 
to personalized, rigorous learning experi-ences that are supported through tech-nology; 
‘‘(3) to ensure that educators have the 
knowledge and skills to use technology, in-cluding computer-based assessments and blended learning strategies, to personalize learning; 
‘‘(4) to ensure that local educational agen-
cy and school leaders have the skills re-quired to implement, and support school- and district-wide approaches for using tech-nology to inform instruction, support teach-er collaboration, and personalize learning; 
‘‘(5) to ensure that students in rural, re-
mote, and underserved areas have the re-sources to take advantage of high-quality digital learning experiences, digital re-sources, and access to online courses taught by effective educators; 
‘‘(6) to ensure that students have increased 
access to online dual or concurrent enroll-ment opportunities, career and technical courses, and programs leading to a recog-nized postsecondary credential (as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102)), and courses taught by educators, including advanced coursework; and 
‘‘(7) to ensure that State educational agen-
cies, local educational agencies, elementary schools, and secondary schools have the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4753 July 7, 2015 
technological capacity, infrastructure, and 
technical support necessary to meet pur-poses described in paragraphs (1) through (6). 
‘‘SEC. 5702. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) D
IGITAL LEARNING .—The term ‘digital 
learning’ means any instructional practice that effectively uses technology to strength-en a student’s learning experience and en-compasses a wide spectrum of tools and prac-tices, including— 
‘‘(A) interactive learning resources that 
engage students in academic content; 
‘‘(B) access to online databases and other 
primary source documents; 
‘‘(C) the use of data, data analytics, and in-
formation to personalize learning and pro-vide targeted supplementary instruction; 
‘‘(D) student collaboration with content 
experts and peers; 
‘‘(E) online and computer-based assess-
ments; 
‘‘(F) digital learning content, software, or 
simulations; 
‘‘(G) access to online courses; ‘‘(H) mobile devices for learning in school 
and at home; 
‘‘(I) learning environments that allow for 
rich collaboration and communication; 
‘‘(J) hybrid or blended learning, which oc-
curs under direct instructor supervision at a school or other location away from home and, at least in part, through online delivery of instruction with some element of student control over time, place, path, or pace; 
‘‘(K) access to online course opportunities 
for students in rural or remote areas; and 
‘‘(L) discovery, modification, and sharing 
of openly licensed digital learning materials. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘eli-
gible technology’ means modern computer, and communication technology software, services, or tools, including computer or mo-bile devices, software applications, systems and platforms, and digital learning content, and related services and supports. 
‘‘(3) T
ECHNOLOGY READINESS SURVEY .—The 
term ‘technology readiness survey’ means a survey completed by a local educational agency that provides standardized informa-tion on the quantity and types of technology infrastructure and access available to the students and in the community served by the local educational agency, including com-puter devices, access to school libraries, Internet connectivity, operating systems, re-lated network infrastructure, data systems, educator professional learning needs and pri-orities, and data security. 
‘‘(4) U
NIVERSAL DESIGN FOR LEARNING .—The 
term ‘universal design for learning’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
‘‘SEC. 5703. TECHNOLOGY GRANTS PROGRAM AU-
THORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amounts ap-
propriated under section 5708, the Secretary may reserve not more than 1.5 percent for national activities to support grantees and shall award the remainder to State edu-cational agencies to strengthen State and local technological infrastructure and pro-fessional learning that supports digital learning through State activities under sec-tion 5705(c) and local activities under section 5706(c). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS TO STATE EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CIES.— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATIONS .—From the amounts ap-
propriated under section 5708 for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(A) three-fourths of 1 percent for the Sec-
retary of the Interior to provide assistance under this part for schools operated or fund-ed by the Bureau of Indian Education; and 
‘‘(B) 1 percent to provide assistance under 
this part to the outlying areas. ‘‘(2) G
RANT ALLOTMENTS .—From the 
amounts appropriated under section 5708 for any fiscal year and remaining after the Sec-retary makes reservations under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall make a grant for the fiscal year to each State educational agency with an approved application under section 5704 in an amount that bears the same rela-tionship to such remainder as the amount the State educational agency received under part A of title I for such year bears to the amount all State educational agencies with an approved application under section 5704 received under such part for such year. 
‘‘(c) M
INIMUM .—The amount of a grant to a 
State educational agency under subsection (b)(2) for a fiscal year shall not be less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount made available for grants to all State edu-cational agencies under such subsection for such year. 
‘‘(d) R
EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If 
any State educational agency does not apply for a grant under section 5704 for a fiscal year, or does not use the State educational agency’s entire grant allotment under sub-section (b)(2) for such year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State edu-cational agency’s grant, or the unused por-tion of the grant allotment, to the remaining State educational agencies that use their en-tire grant amounts under subsection (b)(2) for such year. 
‘‘(e) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency that receives a grant under sub-section (b)(2) shall provide matching funds, from non-Federal sources, in an amount equal to 10 percent of the amount of grant funds provided to the State educational agency to carry out the activities supported by the grant. Such matching funds may be provided in cash or in kind, except that any such in kind contributions shall be provided for the purpose of supporting the State edu-cational agency’s activities under section 5705(c). 
‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the matching requirement under paragraph (1) for a State educational agency that dem-onstrates that such requirement imposes an undue financial hardship on the State edu-cational agency. 
‘‘SEC. 5704. STATE APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION .—To receive a grant 
under section 5703(b)(2), a State educational agency shall submit to the Secretary an ap-plication at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require and containing the information described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will meet the following goals: 
‘‘(A) Use technology to ensure that all stu-
dents achieve college and career readiness and digital literacy, including by providing high-quality education opportunities to eco-nomically or geographically isolated student populations. 
‘‘(B) Provide educators, school leaders, and 
administrators with the professional learn-ing tools, devices, content, and resources to— 
‘‘(i) personalize learning to improve stu-
dent academic achievement; and 
‘‘(ii) discover, adapt, and share relevant 
high-quality open educational resources. 
‘‘(C) Enable local educational agencies to 
build technological capacity and infrastruc-ture. 
‘‘(2) An assurance that each local edu-
cational awarded a subgrant under this part has conducted a technology readiness survey and will take steps to address the identified readiness gaps not later than 3 years after 
the completion of the survey by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(3) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will ensure that the State educational agency’s technology systems and school-based technology systems are interoperable. 
‘‘(4) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will consider making con-tent widely available through open edu-cational resources when making purchasing decisions with funds received under this part. 
‘‘(5) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will award subgrants to local educational agencies under section 5706. 
‘‘(6) A description of the process, activities, 
and performance measures that the State educational agency will use to evaluate the impact and effectiveness of the grant and subgrant funds awarded under this part across the State and in each local edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(7) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency consulted with local edu-cational agencies in the development of the State educational agency’s application under this subsection. 
‘‘(8) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will provide matching funds as required under section 5703(e). 
‘‘(9) An assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will protect the privacy and safety of students and teachers, consistent with requirements of section 444 of the Gen-eral Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly known as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’) and section 445 of the General Education Provi-sions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232h). 
‘‘(10) An assurance that funds made avail-
able under this part shall be used to supple-ment, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 5705. STATE USE OF GRANT FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION FOR SUBGRANTS TOSUP-
PORT TECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE .—Each 
State educational agency that receives a grant under section 5703(b)(2) shall expend not less than 90 percent of the grant amount for each fiscal year to award subgrants to local educational agencies in accordance with section 5706. 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATION FOR STATE ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency shall reserve not more than 10 per-cent of the grant received under section 5703(b)(2) for the State activities described in subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) G
RANT ADMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), of the amount reserved by a State edu-cational agency under paragraph (1), the State educational agency may reserve for the administration of the grant under this part not more than— 
‘‘(i) 1 percent in the case of a State edu-
cational agency awarding subgrants under section 5706(a)(1); or 
‘‘(ii) 3 percent in the case of a State edu-
cational agency awarding subgrants under section 5706(a)(2). 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), a State educational agency that forms a State purchasing consortium under subsection (d)— 
‘‘(i) may reserve an additional 1 percent to 
carry out the activities described in sub-section (d)(1); and 
‘‘(ii) may reserve amounts in addition to 
the percentage described in clause (i) if the State purchasing consortium receives direct approval from the local educational agencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4754 July 7, 2015 
receiving subgrants under section 5706(a) 
from the State educational agency prior to reserving more than the additional percent-age authorized under clause (i). 
‘‘(c) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—A State edu-
cational agency may use funds described in subsection (b) to carry out each of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Except for the awarding of subgrants 
in accordance with section 5706, activities described in the State educational agency’s application under section 5704(b). 
‘‘(2) Providing technical assistance to local 
educational agencies to— 
‘‘(A) identify and address technology readi-
ness needs, as determined by the technology readiness surveys; 
‘‘(B) use technology, consistent with the 
principles of universal design for learning, to support the learning needs of all students, including children with disabilities and English learners; 
‘‘(C) build capacity for principals and local 
educational agency administrators to sup-port teachers in using data and technology to improve teaching and personalize learn-ing; 
‘‘(D) ensure that contractual requirements 
for third parties that have access to student data, its storage, or provide analytics on stu-dent data provide privacy protections con-sistent with the requirements of section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly known as the ‘Fam-ily Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’); and 
‘‘(E) provide tools and processes to support 
the creation, modification, and distribution of open educational resources. 
‘‘(3) Developing or utilizing evidence-based 
or innovative strategies for the delivery of specialized or rigorous academic courses and curricula through the use of technology, in-
cluding digital learning technologies and as-sistive technology. 
‘‘(4) Integrating and coordinating activi-
ties under this part with other educational resources and programs across the State. 
‘‘(5) Disseminating information, including 
making publicly available on the website of the State educational agency, promising practices to improve technology instruction, best practices for data security, and acquir-ing and implementing technology tools and applications. 
‘‘(6) Ensuring that teachers, paraprofes-
sionals, school librarians and media per-sonnel, specialized instructional support per-sonnel, and administrators possess the knowledge and skills to use technology to meet the goals described in section 5704(b)(1). 
‘‘(7) Coordinating with teacher, principal, 
and other school leader preparation pro-grams to ensure that preservice teachers, principals, and other school leaders have the skills to implement digital learning pro-grams effectively. 
‘‘(8) Supporting schools in rural and re-
mote areas to expand access to high-quality digital learning opportunities. 
‘‘(d) P
URCHASING CONSORTIA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under section 5703(b)(2) may— 
‘‘(A) form a State purchasing consortium 
with 1 or more State educational agencies receiving such a grant to carry out the State activities described in subsection (c), includ-ing purchasing eligible technology; 
‘‘(B) encourage local educational agencies 
to form a local purchasing consortium under section 5706(c)(4); and 
‘‘(C) promote pricing opportunities to local 
educational agencies for the purchase of eli-gible technology that are— 
‘‘(i) negotiated by the State educational 
agency or the State purchasing consortium of the State educational agency; and ‘‘(ii) available to such local educational 
agencies. 
‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTIONS .—A State educational 
agency receiving a grant under section 5703(b)(2) shall not— 
‘‘(A) except for promoting the pricing op-
portunities described in paragraph (1)(C), make recommendations to local educational agencies for, or require, use of any specific commercial products and services by local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) require local educational agencies to 
participate in a State purchasing consortia or local purchasing consortia; or 
‘‘(C) use more than the amount reserved 
under subsection (b) to carry out the activi-ties described in paragraph (1), unless the State educational agency receives approval in accordance with subsection (b)(2)(B). 
‘‘SEC. 5706. LOCAL SUBGRANTS. 
‘‘(a) S UBGRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CIES.—From the grant funds provided under 
section 5703(b)(2) to a State educational agency that are remaining after the State educational agency makes reservations under section 5705(b) for any fiscal year and subject to paragraph (2), the State edu-cational agency shall award subgrants for the fiscal year to local educational agencies served by the State educational agency and with an approved application under sub-section (b) by allotting to each such local educational agency an amount that bears the same relationship to the remainder as the amount received by the local educational agency under part A of title I for such year bears to the amount received by all such local educational agencies under such part for such year, except that no local edu-cational agency may receive less than $20,000 for a year. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPETITIVE GRANTS TO LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—If the amount of funds 
appropriated under section 5708 is less than $300,000,000 for any fiscal year, a State edu-cational agency— 
‘‘(A) shall not award subgrants under para-
graph (1); and 
‘‘(B) shall— ‘‘(i) award subgrants, on a competitive 
basis, to local educational agencies based on the quality of applications submitted under subsection (b), including— 
‘‘(I) the level of technology readiness, as 
determined by the technology readiness sur-veys completed by local educational agencies submitting such applications; and 
‘‘(II) the technology plans described in sub-
section (b)(3) and how the local educational agencies with such plans will carry out the alignment and coordination described in such subsection; 
‘‘(ii) give priority to local educational 
agencies that have demonstrated substantial need for assistance in acquiring and using technology, based on the agency’s tech-nology readiness survey; and 
‘‘(iii) give priority to schools that serve 
students in rural and remote areas, schools identified under section 1114 as in need of intervention and support and the persist-ently lowest-achieving schools, or schools with a high percentage of students aged 5 through 17 who are in poverty, as counted in the most recent census data approved by the Secretary, who are eligible for a free or re-duced priced lunch under the Richard B. Rus-sell National School Lunch Act, in families receiving assistance under the State pro-gram funded under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act, or eligible to receive medical assistance under the Medicaid pro-gram. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCY FOR CERTAIN FISCAL YEARS .—For pur-
poses of awarding subgrants under paragraph (2), the term ‘local educational agency’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency; ‘‘(B) an educational service agency; or ‘‘(C) a local educational agency and an edu-
cational service agency. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—A local educational 
agency that desires to receive a subgrant under subsection (a) shall submit an applica-tion to the State at such time, in such man-ner, and accompanied by such information as the State educational agency may require, such as— 
‘‘(1) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will carry out the goals de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of section 5704(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) a description of the results of the tech-
nology readiness survey completed by the local educational agency and a description of the plan for the local educational agency to meet the goals described in paragraph (1) within 3 years of completing the survey; 
‘‘(3) a description of the local educational 
agency’s technology plan to carry out para-graphs (1) and (2) and how the agency will align and coordinate the activities under this section with other activities across the local educational agency; 
‘‘(4) a description of the team of educators 
who will coordinate and carry out the activi-ties under this section, including individuals with responsibility and expertise in instruc-tional technology, teachers who specialize in supporting students who are children with disabilities and English learners, other school leaders, school librarians and media personnel, technology officers, and staff re-sponsible for assessments and data; 
‘‘(5) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will build capacity for prin-cipals, other school leaders, and local edu-cational agency administrators to support teachers in developing data literacy skills and in implementing digital tools to support teaching and learning; 
‘‘(6) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will procure content and en-sure content quality; and 
‘‘(7) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will protect the privacy and safety of students and teachers, consistent with requirements section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly known as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) P ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT IN DIGITAL  
LEARNING .—Subject to paragraph (3), a local 
educational agency receiving a subgrant under subsection (a) shall use not less than 50 percent of such funds to carry out profes-sional development in digital learning for teachers, principals, other school leaders, paraprofessionals, school librarians and media personnel, specialized instructional support personnel, technology coordinators, and administrators in the use of technology to support student learning. 
‘‘(2) T
ECHNOLOGY INFRASTRUCTURE .—Sub-
ject to paragraph (3), a local educational agency receiving a subgrant under sub-section (a) shall use not less than 25 percent of such funds to support activities for the ac-quisition of eligible technology needed to— 
‘‘(A) except for the activities described in 
paragraph (1), carry out activities described in the application submitted under sub-section (b), including purchasing devices, equipment, and software applications; and 
‘‘(B) address readiness shortfalls identified 
under the technology readiness survey com-pleted by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(3) M
ODIFICATION OF FUNDING ALLOCA -
TIONS .—A State educational agency may au-
thorize a local educational agency to modify the percentage of the local educational agen-cy’s subgrant funds required to carry out the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4755 July 7, 2015 
activities described in paragraph (1) or (2) if 
the local educational agency demonstrates that such modification will assist the local educational agency in more effectively car-rying out such activities. 
‘‘(4) P
URCHASING CONSORTIUM .—Local edu-
cational agencies receiving subgrants under subsection (a) may— 
‘‘(A) form a local purchasing consortium 
with other such local educational agencies to carry out the activities described in this sub-section, including purchasing eligible tech-nology; and 
‘‘(B) use such funds for purchasing eligible 
technology through a State purchasing con-sortium under section 5705(d). 
‘‘(5) B
LENDED LEARNING PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency receiving a subgrant under sub-section (a) may use such funds to carry out a blended learning project, which shall in-clude at least 1 of the following activities: 
‘‘(i) Planning activities, which may include 
development of new instructional models (in-cluding blended learning technology soft-ware and platforms), the purchase of digital instructional resources, initial professional development activities, and one-time infor-mation technology purchases, except that such expenditures may not include expendi-tures related to significant construction or renovation of facilities. 
‘‘(ii) Ongoing professional development for 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, or other personnel involved in the project that is designed to support the implementation and academic success of the project. 
‘‘(B) N
ON-FEDERAL MATCH .—A local edu-
cational agency that carries out a blended learning project under this paragraph shall provide non-Federal matching funds equal to not less than 10 percent of the amount of funds used to carry out such project. 
‘‘(C) D
EFINITION OF BLENDED LEARNING .—In 
this paragraph, the term ‘blended learning’ means a formal education program that leverages both technology-based and face-to- face instructional approaches that— 
‘‘(i) include an element of online or digital 
learning, combined with supervised learning time, and student-led learning, in which the elements are connected to provide an inte-grated learning experience; and 
‘‘(ii) where students are provided some con-
trol over time, path, or pace. 
‘‘SEC. 5707. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—Each 
local educational agency receiving a subgrant under section 5706 shall submit to the State educational agency that awarded such subgrant an annual report the meets the requirements of subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—Each 
State educational agency receiving a grant under section 5703(b)(2) shall submit to the Secretary an annual report that meets the requirements of subsection (c). 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT REQUIREMENTS .—A report sub-
mitted under subsection (a) or (b) shall in-
clude, at a minimum, a description of— 
‘‘(1) the status of the State educational 
agency’s plan described in section 5704(b) or the local education agency’s technology plan under section 5706(b)(3), as applicable; 
‘‘(2) the categories of eligible technology 
acquired with funds under this part and how such technology is being used; 
‘‘(3) the professional learning activities 
funded under this part, including types of ac-tivities and entities involved in providing such professional learning to classroom teachers and other staff, such as school li-brarians; and 
‘‘(4) the types of programs funded under 
this part. ‘‘SEC. 5708. AUTHORIZATION. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
such sums as may be necessary to carry out this part.’’. 
SEC. 5009. LITERACY AND ARTS EDUCATION. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part G, as added by section 5008, the following: 
‘‘PART H—LITERACY AND ARTS 
EDUCATION 
‘‘SEC. 5801. LITERACY AND ARTS EDUCATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From funds made avail-
able under subsection (c), the Secretary may award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements, on a competitive basis, to eligi-ble entities for the purposes of promoting— 
‘‘(1) arts education for disadvantaged stu-
dents and students who are children with disabilities, through activities such as— 
‘‘(A) professional development for arts edu-
cators, teachers, and principals; 
‘‘(B) development and dissemination of in-
structional materials and arts-based edu-cational programming, including online re-sources, in multiple arts disciplines; and 
‘‘(C) community and national outreach ac-
tivities that strengthen and expand partner-ships among schools, local educational agen-cies, communities, or national centers for the arts; and 
‘‘(2) literacy programs that support the de-
velopment of literacy skills in low-income communities, including— 
‘‘(A) developing and enhancing effective 
school library programs, which may include providing professional development for school librarians, books, and up-to-date ma-terials to low-income schools; 
‘‘(B) early literacy services, including pedi-
atric literacy programs through which, dur-ing well-child visits, medical providers trained in research-based methods of early language and literacy promotion provide de-velopmentally appropriate books and rec-ommendations to parents to encourage them to read aloud to their children starting in in-fancy; and 
‘‘(C) programs that provide high-quality 
books on a regular basis to children and ado-lescents from disadvantaged communities to increase reading motivation, performance, and frequency. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency in which 20 
percent or more of the students served by the local educational agency are from fami-lies with an income below the poverty line; 
‘‘(B) a consortium of such local edu-
cational agencies; or 
‘‘(C) an eligible national nonprofit organi-
zation. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE NATIONAL NONPROFIT ORGANI -
ZATION .—The term ‘eligible national non-
profit organization’ means an organization of national scope that— 
‘‘(A) is supported by staff, which may in-
clude volunteers, or affiliates at the State and local levels; and 
‘‘(B) demonstrates effectiveness or high- 
quality plans for addressing childhood lit-eracy activities for the population targeted by the grant. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 5010. EARLY LEARNING ALIGNMENT AND IM-
PROVEMENT GRANTS. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part H, as added by section 5009, the following: ‘‘PART I—EARLY LEARNING ALIGNMENT 
AND IMPROVEMENT GRANTS 
‘‘SEC. 5901. PURPOSES; DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this part 
are to assist States with— 
‘‘(1) more efficiently using existing Federal 
resources to improve, strengthen, and ex-pand existing high-quality early childhood education, as determined by the State; 
‘‘(2) coordinating existing funding streams 
and delivery models to promote— 
‘‘(A) program quality, while maintaining 
services; 
‘‘(B) parental choice among high-quality 
early childhood education program pro-viders; and 
‘‘(C) early care and learning access for 
children from birth to kindergarten entry; and 
‘‘(3) improving access for children from 
low-income families to high-quality early childhood education programs in order to en-hance school readiness. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this part: 
‘‘(1) C ENTER OF EXCELLENCE .—The term 
‘Center of Excellence’ means a local public or private nonprofit agency, including a community-based or faith-based organiza-tion, or a for-profit agency, within a commu-nity, that provides early learning and care services in the State, including the use of best practices for— 
‘‘(A) achieving school readiness, including 
the development of early literacy and math-ematics skills; 
‘‘(B) acquisition of English language skills; 
and 
‘‘(C) providing high-quality comprehensive 
services for eligible children and their fami-lies. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE CHILD .—The term ‘eligible 
child’ means an individual— 
‘‘(A) who is less than 6 years of age; and ‘‘(B) whose family income does not ex-
ceed— 
‘‘(i) 200 percent of the poverty line; ‘‘(ii) 85 percent of the State median income 
for a family of the same size, and whose fam-ily assets do not exceed $1,000,000 (as cer-tified by a member of such family); or 
‘‘(iii) a State-determined threshold for eli-
gibility that does not exceed the thresholds in clauses (i) and (ii). 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘eli-
gible partnership’ means a partnership that, at a minimum, includes, as applicable and appropriate, the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care estab-lished under section 642B(b) of the Head Start Act, and all of the following partners, which may be represented on the Council: 
‘‘(A) One or more public and private (in-
cluding nonprofit or for-profit) providers of early childhood education that serve eligible children residing in the State and meet ap-plicable standards of licensing and quality as determined by the State. 
‘‘(B) One or more Head Start agencies, 
which may include Early Head Start, mi-grant and seasonal Head Start, and Indian Head Start agencies that serve eligible chil-dren residing in the State. 
‘‘(C) The State educational agency. ‘‘(D) Other relevant State agencies with 
oversight of preschool, early education, and child care in the State. 
‘‘(E) One or more local educational agen-
cies in the State. 
‘‘(F) One or more institutions of higher 
education in the State. 
‘‘(G) One or more representatives of busi-
ness in the State. 
‘‘(4) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— 
The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meanings given the term in section 101 and subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 102(a)(1) of the Higher Education Act of 1965. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4756 July 7, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 5902. EARLY LEARNING ALIGNMENT AND 
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts made 
available under section 5903, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to States to enable the States to carry out the activities described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) R
ESERVATION FOR STATES SERVING  
RURAL AREAS .—From the amounts appro-
priated under section 5903 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve not less than 30 percent for grants to States that propose to carry out the activities described in sub-section (d) for eligible children living in rural areas. The Secretary shall reduce the amount described in the preceding sentence if the Secretary does not receive a sufficient number of applications that are deserving of a grant under this part for such purpose. 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to a State that will use funds under this grant to focus on eligible children— 
‘‘(A) who are 3 and 4 years of age; and ‘‘(B) whose family income does not exceed 
130 percent of the poverty line. 
‘‘(4) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—A grant award-
ed under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years and may not be re-newed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), a State may receive a grant under this section once. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), a State may receive more than 1 grant under this section only— 
‘‘(i) if the State is proposing, for such addi-
tional grants, to carry out activities for eli-gible children living in rural areas; or 
‘‘(ii) after all States, which meet the re-
quirements and have submitted an applica-tion under this section, have received a grant, to the extent that funds for a grant are still available. 
‘‘(6) E
QUITABLE DISTRIBUTION .—To the ex-
tent practicable, the Secretary shall ensure an equitable geographic distribution of grants under this section. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) L EAD AGENCY .— 
‘‘(A) D ESIGNATION .—A State desiring a 
grant under this section shall designate an agency (which may be an appropriate col-laborative agency) or establish a joint inter-agency office, that complies with the re-quirements of subparagraph (B), to serve as a lead agency for the State under this section. 
‘‘(B) D
UTIES .—The lead agency designated 
under subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) administer, directly or through other 
governmental or nongovernmental agencies, the Federal assistance received under this section by the State; 
‘‘(ii) develop the application submitted to 
the Secretary under subsection (c); and 
‘‘(iii) coordinate the provision of activities 
under this section with existing Federal, State, and local early childhood education programs. 
‘‘(2) P
ARTNERS .—In order to be eligible for 
a grant under this section, a State shall partner with an eligible partnership. 
‘‘(3) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—Each State 
that receives a grant under this part shall provide from Federal or non-Federal sources (which may be provided in cash or in kind) to carry out the activities supported by the grant, an amount equal to— 
‘‘(A) 30 percent of the amount of the grant 
in the first year of such grant; and 
‘‘(B) not less than 30 percent of the amount 
of the grant in each of the second and third years of such grant, respectively. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATIONS .—A State desiring a 
grant under this section shall submit an ap-plication at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. The applica-tion shall include— 
‘‘(1) an identification of the lead agency 
that the Governor of the State has appointed to be responsible for the grant under this section; 
‘‘(2) a description of the eligible partner-
ship required under subsection (b)(2), which will assist the State in developing the plan and implementing the activities under this part; 
‘‘(3) to the extent practicable, the 
unduplicated counts of the number of eligi-ble children served using existing Federal, State, and local resources and programs that the State will coordinate to meet the pur-poses of this part, including— 
‘‘(A) programs carried out under the Head 
Start Act, including the Early Head Start programs carried out under such Act; 
‘‘(B) programs carried out under section 
619 and parts B and C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
‘‘(C) child care programs carried out under 
the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) or section 418 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618); 
‘‘(D) other Federal, State, local, and Indian 
tribe or tribal organization programs of early learning, childhood education, child care, and development in the State; and 
‘‘(E) as applicable— ‘‘(i) programs carried out under other pro-
visions of this Act; 
‘‘(ii) programs carried out under subtitle A 
of title XX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397 et seq.); 
‘‘(iii) programs carried out under the Com-
munity Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9901 et seq.); 
‘‘(iv) programs serving homeless children 
and services of local educational agency liai-sons for homeless children and youths des-ignated under section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432(g)(1)(J)(ii)); 
‘‘(v) State agencies and programs serving 
children in foster care and the foster fami-lies of such children; and 
‘‘(vi) child care programs funded through 
State veterans affairs offices; 
‘‘(4) a description of how the State pro-
poses to coordinate such resources and pro-grams identified under paragraph (3) in order to meet the purposes of this part; 
‘‘(5) a description of how the State will 
identify early childhood education program providers that demonstrate a high level of quality; 
‘‘(6) a description of how the State will de-
fine eligible children, in accordance with sec-tion 5901(b)(2); 
‘‘(7) a description of how the State will ex-
pand access to existing high-quality early learning and care for eligible children in the State or, if no high-quality early learning and care is accessible for eligible children, expand access to high-quality early learning and care for such children; 
‘‘(8) in the case of a State that has elected 
to use funds under this section to designate Centers of Excellence— 
‘‘(A) an assurance that the State will des-
ignate an entity, such as an agency, an insti-tution of higher education, a consortium of local educational agencies or Head Start centers, or another entity, to designate early childhood education programs as Centers of Excellence; 
‘‘(B) an assurance that the designee will 
meet the definition of a Center of Excel-lence; 
‘‘(C) a description of the process by which 
an entity that carries out an early childhood education program would be designated as a 
Center of Excellence, including evidence that the early childhood education program in-volved has demonstrated excellence in pro-gram delivery in a manner designed to im-prove the school readiness of children who have participated in the program; and 
‘‘(D) a description of how the State will as-
sist Centers of Excellence in the dissemina-tion of best practices; 
‘‘(9) a description of the measurable out-
comes and anticipated levels of performance for such outcomes, as determined by the State, in the areas of program coordination, program quality improvement, and increased access to high-quality programs, that the State will use to evaluate the coordinated statewide or locally implemented system of voluntary early care and learning supported by the grant; 
‘‘(10) an assurance that the State will pro-
vide technical assistance to partners on methods by which Federal and State early learning and care funding can be coordinated and lead to cost-saving and efficiencies strategies, and other methods that will en-hance the quality of the early childhood edu-cation programs in the State; 
‘‘(11) a description of how the State will 
sustain early learning and care activities co-ordinated under this section, including for rural areas in the State, if applicable, once grant funding is no longer available under this section; 
‘‘(12) a description of the process that the 
State proposes to use to collect and dissemi-nate, to parents and the general public, con-sumer information that will promote in-formed early learning and care choices in the State; 
‘‘(13) a description of how the State will 
serve eligible children residing in rural areas, if applicable; and 
‘‘(14) an assurance that funds made avail-
able under this part shall be used to supple-ment, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this part shall use the grant funds to develop, implement, or improve a coordinated statewide or locally imple-mented system of voluntary early care and learning, which includes a plan— 
‘‘(A) for coordinating funding available 
through existing Federal, State, and local sources; and 
‘‘(B) that is designed in collaboration with 
an eligible partnership. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grant funds 
under this section may be used for the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Aligning existing Federal, State, and 
local funding and resources with a statewide or locally designed system for delivering high-quality early learning and care for eli-gible children in the State, including devel-oping evidence-based practices to improve staff quality, instructional programming, and time in program. 
‘‘(B) Analyzing needs for expanded access 
to existing high-quality early childhood edu-cation programs in the State, including child care, preschool, and Early Head Start, Head Start, and special education for all children, particularly low-income children. 
‘‘(C) Developing or expanding eligible part-
nerships to— 
‘‘(i) expand access for eligible children to 
existing high-quality providers or programs or, if no high-quality early learning and care is accessible for eligible children, expand ac-cess to high-quality early learning and care for eligible children; 
‘‘(ii) share best practices; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4757 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(iii) ensure that parents have maximum 
choices in selecting the providers that meet their individual needs, consistent with State and local laws. 
‘‘(D) Developing or expanding Centers of 
Excellence for the purposes of— 
‘‘(i) disseminating best practices for 
achieving early academic success in the State, including best practices for— 
‘‘(I) achieving school readiness, including 
developing early literacy and mathematics skills; 
‘‘(II) the acquisition of the English lan-
guage for English learners; or 
‘‘(III) providing high-quality comprehen-
sive services to low-income and at-risk chil-dren and their families; 
‘‘(ii) coordinating early education, child 
care, and other social services available in the State and local communities for low-in-come and at-risk children and families; or 
‘‘(iii) providing effective transitions be-
tween preschool programs and elementary schools, including by facilitating ongoing communication between early education and elementary school teachers and by improv-ing the ability of teachers to work effec-tively with low-income and at-risk children and their families. 
‘‘(E) Expanding existing high-quality early 
education and care for infants and toddlers or, if no high-quality early education and care is accessible for infants and toddlers, expand access to high-quality education and care. 
‘‘(F) Developing, implementing, or coordi-
nating programs or strategies determined by the State to increase the involvement of the parents and family of an eligible child in the education of the child, such as programs or strategies that— 
‘‘(i) encourage effective ongoing commu-
nication between such children and the par-ents and families of such children, early childhood education providers, early learn-ing administrators, and other early child-hood education personnel; and 
‘‘(ii) promote active participation of par-
ents, families, and communities as partners in the education of such children. 
‘‘(G) Carrying out other strategies deter-
mined by the State to improve access to, and expand the overall quality of, a coordinated State or locally designed system of vol-untary early learning and care services in the State. 
‘‘(3) P
RIORITY .—The activities implemented 
by a State under this subsection shall prioritize parental choice of providers and evidence-based practices for improving early learning program quality and access, to the extent permitted under State and local law. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORTING .—A State that receives a 
grant under this part shall submit to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require, an annual report that includes— 
‘‘(1) the number and percentage of children 
who are served in high-quality early child-hood education programs, as identified by the State, during each year of the grant du-ration using funds from— 
‘‘(A) only this part, as applicable; ‘‘(B) the Child Care and Development 
Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) or section 418 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618); 
‘‘(C) the Head Start Act; and ‘‘(D) other public and private providers, as 
applicable; 
‘‘(2) the quality improvements undertaken 
at the State level; 
‘‘(3) the extent to which funds are being 
blended with other public and private fund-ing; 
‘‘(4) the progress made regarding the meas-
urable outcomes and the anticipated levels of performance selected by the State under 
subsection (c)(9); and 
‘‘(5) any other ways in which funds are 
used to meet the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall prepare and sub-mit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives a biennial report containing the information described in subsection (e) for all States receiving funds under this part. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS ON FEDERAL INTER -
FERENCE .—Nothing in this part shall be con-
strued to authorize the Secretary to estab-lish any criterion that specifies, defines, or prescribes— 
‘‘(1) early learning and development guide-
lines, standards, or specific assessments, in-cluding the standards or measures that States use to develop, implement, or im-prove such guidelines, standards, or assess-ments; 
‘‘(2) specific measures or indicators of 
quality early learning and care, including— 
‘‘(A) the systems that States use to assess 
the quality of early childhood education pro-grams and providers, school readiness, and achievement; and 
‘‘(B) the term ‘high-quality’ early learning 
or care; 
‘‘(3) early learning or preschool cur-
riculum, program of instruction, or instruc-tional content; 
‘‘(4) teacher and staff qualifications and 
salaries; 
‘‘(5) class sizes and child-to-instructional 
staff ratios; and 
‘‘(6) any aspect or parameter of a teacher, 
principal, other school leader, or staff eval-uation system within a State or local edu-cational agency. 
‘‘SEC. 5903. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
TITLE VI—INNOVATION AND FLEXIBILITY 
SEC. 6001. PURPOSES. 
Title VI (20 U.S.C. 7301 et seq.) is amended 
by inserting before part A of title VI, the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 6001. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this title are— ‘‘(1) to support State and local innovation 
in preparing all students to meet challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b); 
‘‘(2) to provide States and local edu-
cational agencies with maximum flexibility in using Federal funds provided under this Act; and 
‘‘(3) to support education in rural areas.’’. 
SEC. 6002. IMPROVING ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT. 
Part A of title VI (20 U.S.C. 7301 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking subparts 1 and 4; (2) by redesignating subpart 2 as subpart 1; (3) by redesignating sections 6121 through 
6123 as sections 6111 through 6113, respec-tively; 
(4) in section 6113, as redesignated by para-
graph (3)— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘not more than 50 percent of the nonadministrative State funds’’ and in-serting ‘‘all, or any lesser amount, of State funds’’; and 
(II) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title II. ‘‘(B) Part A of title IV. 
‘‘(C) Part G of title V.’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and sub-
ject to the 50 percent limitation described in paragraph (1)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(ex-
cept’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subpara-graph (C))’’ and inserting ‘‘may transfer all, or any lesser amount, of the funds allocated to it’’; 
(II) by striking subparagraph (B); (III) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (B); and 
(IV) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated 
by subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and subject to the percentage limitation described in subparagraph (A) or (B), as applicable’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A), (B), or 
(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (B)’’; and 
(II) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title II. ‘‘(B) Part A of title IV. ‘‘(C) Part G of title V.’’; and (5) by striking subpart 3 and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘Subpart 2—Weighted Student Funding 
Flexibility Pilot Program 
‘‘SEC. 6121. WEIGHTED STUDENT FUNDING FLEXI-
BILITY PILOT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of the pilot 
program under this section is to provide local educational agencies with flexibility to consolidate Federal, State, and local funding in order to create a single school funding system based on weighted per-pupil alloca-tions for low-income and otherwise disadvan-taged students. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary may, on a 
competitive basis, enter into local flexibility demonstration agreements— 
‘‘(1) for not more than 2 years with local 
educational agencies that are selected under subsection (c) and submit proposed agree-ments that meet the requirements of sub-section (d); and 
‘‘(2) under which such agencies may con-
solidate and use funds in accordance with subsection (d) in order to develop and imple-ment a school funding system based on weighted per-pupil allocations for low-in-come and otherwise disadvantaged students. 
‘‘(c) S
ELECTION OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter 
into local flexibility demonstration agree-ments with not more than 25 local edu-cational agencies, reflecting the size and ge-ographic diversity of all such agencies na-tionwide to the maximum extent feasible. 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION .—Each local educational 
agency shall be selected on a competitive basis from among those local educational agencies that— 
‘‘(A) submit a proposed local flexibility 
demonstration agreement under subsection (d) to the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) demonstrate to the satisfaction of the 
Secretary that the agreement meets the re-quirements of subsection (d); and 
‘‘(C) agree to meet the continued dem-
onstration requirements under subsection (e). 
‘‘(d) R
EQUIRED TERMS OF LOCAL FLEXI-
BILITY DEMONSTRATION AGREEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICATION .—Each local educational 
agency that desires to participate in the pilot program under this section shall sub-mit, at such time, in such form, and includ-ing such information as the Secretary may prescribe, an application to enter into a local flexibility demonstration agreement with the Secretary in order to develop and imple-ment a school funding system based on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4758 July 7, 2015 
weighted per-pupil allocations that meets 
the requirements of this section, including— 
‘‘(A) a description of the school funding 
system based on weighted per-pupil alloca-tions, including how the system will meet the requirements under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(B) a list of funding sources, including eli-
gible Federal funds the local educational agency will include in such system; 
‘‘(C) a description of the amount and per-
centage of total local educational agency funding, including State, local, and eligible Federal funds, that will be allocated through such system; 
‘‘(D) the per-pupil expenditures (including 
actual personnel expenditures, including staff salary differentials for years of employ-ment, and actual nonpersonnel expenditures) of State and local funds for each school served by the agency for the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(E) the per-pupil amount of eligible Fed-
eral funds each school served by the agency, disaggregated by program, received in the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(F) a description of how the system will 
continue to ensure that any eligible Federal funds allocated through the system will con-tinue to meet the purposes of each Federal funding stream, including serving students from low-income families, English learners, migratory children, and children who are ne-glected, delinquent, or at risk, as applicable; 
‘‘(G) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will develop and employ a weighted student funding system to support public elementary schools and secondary schools in order to improve the academic achievement of students, including low-in-come students, the lowest-achieving stu-dents, English learners, and students with disabilities; 
‘‘(H) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency developed and will imple-ment the local flexibility demonstration agreement in consultation with teachers, principals, other school leaders, administra-tors of Federal programs impacted by the agreement, parents, civil rights leaders, and other relevant stakeholders; 
‘‘(I) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will use fiscal control and sound accountability procedures that ensure proper disbursement of, and accounting for, eligible Federal funds consolidated and used under such system; 
‘‘(J) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will continue to meet the fiscal provisions in section 1117 and the re-quirements under section 9501; and 
‘‘(K) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will meet the requirements of all applicable Federal civil rights laws in carrying out the agreement and in consoli-dating and using funds under the agreement. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS OF SYSTEM .—A local 
educational agency’s school funding system based on weighted per-pupil allocations shall meet each of the following requirements: 
‘‘(A) The system shall— ‘‘(i) allocate a significant portion of funds, 
including State, local, and eligible Federal funds, to the school level through a formula that determines per-pupil weighted amounts based on individual student characteristics; 
‘‘(ii) use weights or allocation amounts 
that allocate substantially more funding to students from low-income families and English learners than to other students; and 
‘‘(iii) demonstrate to the Secretary that 
each high-poverty school received at least as much total per-pupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for low-in-come students and at least as much total per-pupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for English learners as the school received in the year prior to carrying out the pilot program. ‘‘(B) The system shall be used to allocate a 
significant portion, including all school-level personnel expenditures for instructional staff and nonpersonnel expenditures, but not less than 65 percent, of all the local edu-cational agency’s local and State funds to schools. 
‘‘(C) After allocating funds through the 
school funding system, the local educational agency shall charge schools for the per-pupil expenditures of Federal, State, and local funds, including actual personnel expendi-tures for instructional staff and actual non-personnel expenditures. 
‘‘(D) The system may include weights or 
allocation amounts according to other char-acteristics. 
‘‘(e) C
ONTINUED DEMONSTRATION .—Each 
local educational agency that is selected to participate in the pilot program under this section shall annually— 
‘‘(1) demonstrate to the Secretary that no 
high-poverty school served by the agency re-ceived less total per-pupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for low-income students or less total per-pupil funding, including from Federal, State, and local sources, for English learners than the school received in the previous year; 
‘‘(2) make public and report to the Sec-
retary the per-pupil expenditures (including actual personnel expenditures that include staff salary differentials for years of employ-ment, and actual non-personnel expendi-tures) of State, local, and Federal funds for each school served by the agency, and disaggregated by student poverty quartile and by minority student quartile for the pre-ceding fiscal year; and 
‘‘(3) make public the total number of stu-
dents enrolled in each school served by the agency and the number of students enrolled in each such school disaggregated by each of the categories of students, as defined in sec-tion 1111(b)(3)(A). 
‘‘(f) E
LIGIBLE FEDERAL FUNDS .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘eligible Federal funds’ means 
funds received by a local educational agency under titles I, II, III, and IV of this Act. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS ON ADMINISTRATIVE EX-
PENDITURES .—Each local educational agency 
that has entered into a local flexibility dem-onstration agreement with the Secretary under this section may use, for administra-tive purposes, from eligible Federal funds not more than the percentage of funds al-lowed for such purpose under any of titles I, II, III, or IV. 
‘‘(h) P
EERREVIEW .—The Secretary may es-
tablish a peer-review process to assist in the review of a proposed local flexibility dem-onstration agreement. 
‘‘(i) N
ONCOMPLIANCE .—The Secretary may, 
after providing notice and an opportunity for a hearing (including the opportunity to pro-vide information as provided for in sub-section (j)), terminate a local flexibility demonstration agreement under this section if there is evidence that the local edu-cational agency has failed to comply with the terms of the agreement and the require-ments under subsections (d) and (e). 
‘‘(j) E
VIDENCE .—If a local educational agen-
cy believes that the Secretary’s determina-tion under subsection (i) is in error for sta-tistical or other substantive reasons, the local educational agency may provide sup-porting evidence to the Secretary, and the Secretary shall consider that evidence before making a final termination determination. 
‘‘(k) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION .—From the 
amount reserved for evaluation activities in section 9601, the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, shall, in consultation with the rel-evant program office at the Department, evaluate the implementation and impact of the local flexibility demonstration agree-ments under this section, consistent with 
section 9601 and specifically on improving the equitable distribution of State and local funding and increasing student achievement. 
‘‘(l) R
ENEWAL OF LOCAL FLEXIBILITY DEM-
ONSTRATION AGREEMENT .—The Secretary 
may renew for additional 3-year terms a local flexibility demonstration agreement under this section if— 
‘‘(1) the local educational agency has met 
the requirements under subsections (d)(2) and (e) and agrees to and has a high likeli-hood of continuing to meet such require-ments; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary determines that renew-
ing the local flexibility demonstration agree-ment is in the interest of students served under titles I and III, including students from low-income families, English learners, migratory children, and children who are ne-glected, delinquent, or at risk. 
‘‘(m) D
EFINITION OF HIGH-POVERTY  
SCHOOL .—In this section, the term ‘high-pov-
erty school’ means a school that is in the highest 2 quartiles of schools served by a local educational agency, based on the per-centage of enrolled students from low-in-come families.’’. 
SEC. 6003. RURAL EDUCATION INITIATIVE. 
Part B of title VI (20 U.S.C. 7341 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 6211— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking sub-
paragraphs (A) through (E) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) Part A of title I. ‘‘(B) Part A of title II. ‘‘(C) Title III. ‘‘(D) Part A or B of title IV. ‘‘(E) Part G of title V.’’; (B) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘7 
or 8, as determined by the Secretary; or’’ and inserting ‘‘41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary;’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the local educational agency is a 
member of an educational service agency that does not receive funds under this sub-part and the local educational agency meets the requirements of this part.’’; and 
(C) in subsection (c), by striking para-
graphs (1) through (3) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Part A of title II. ‘‘(2) Part A of title IV. ‘‘(3) Part G of Title V.’’; (2) in section 6212— (A) in subsection (a), by striking para-
graphs (1) through (5) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Part A of title I. ‘‘(2) Part A of title II. ‘‘(3) Title III. ‘‘(4) Part A or B of title IV. ‘‘(5) Part G of title V.’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) A
LLOCATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (3) and (4), the Secretary shall award a grant under subsection (a) to a local educational agency eligible under section 6211(b) for a fiscal year in an amount equal to the initial amount determined under para-graph (2) for the fiscal year minus the total amount received by the agency under the provisions of law described in section 6211(c) for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL DETERMINATION .—For a local 
educational agency that is eligible under section 6211 and is a member of an edu-cational service agency, the Secretary may determine the award amount by subtracting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4759 July 7, 2015 
from the initial amount determined under 
paragraph (2), an amount that is equal to that local educational agency’s per-pupil share of the total amount received by the educational service agency under titles II and IV, as long as a determination under this subparagraph would not disproportionately affect any State.’’; 
(ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF INITIAL AMOUNT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The initial amount re-
ferred to in paragraph (1) is equal to $100 multiplied by the total number of students in excess of 50 students, in average daily at-tendance at the schools served by the local educational agency, plus $20,000, except that the initial amount may not exceed $60,000. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—For any fiscal year for 
which the amount made available to carry out this part is $252,000,000 or more, subpara-graph (A) shall be applied— 
‘‘(i) by substituting ‘$25,000’ for ‘$20,000’; 
and 
‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘$80,000’ for ‘$60,000’.’’; 
and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) H
OLD HARMLESS .—For a local edu-
cational agency that is not eligible under this subpart but met the eligibility require-ments under section 6211(b) as such section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, the agency shall receive— 
‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2016, 75 percent of the 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2015; 
‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2017, 50 percent of the 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2015; and 
‘‘(C) for fiscal year 2018, 25 percent of the 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2015.’’; and 
(C) by striking subsection (d); (3) by striking section 6213 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 6213. ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT ASSESS-
MENTS. 
‘‘Each local educational agency that uses 
or receives funds under this subpart for a fis-cal year shall administer an assessment that is consistent with section 1111(b)(2).’’; 
(4) in section 6221— (A) in subsection (b)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘6, 
7, or 8’’ and inserting ‘‘32, 33, 41, 42, or 43’’; and 
(B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Bu-
reau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bu-reau of Indian Education’’; 
(5) in section 6222(a), by striking para-
graphs (1) through (7) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Activities authorized under part A of 
title I. 
‘‘(2) Activities authorized under part A of 
title II. 
‘‘(3) Activities authorized under title III. ‘‘(4) Activities authorized under part A of 
title IV. 
‘‘(5) Parental involvement activities. ‘‘(6) Activities authorized under part G of 
title V.’’; 
(6) in section 6223— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘at such 
time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information’’ and inserting ‘‘at such time and in such manner’’; and 
(B) by striking subsection (b) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include in-formation on— 
‘‘(1) program objectives and outcomes for 
activities under this subpart, including how the State educational agency or specially qualified agency will use funds to help all students meet the challenging State aca-demic standards under section 1111(b); ‘‘(2) if the State educational agency or spe-
cially qualified agency will competitively award grants to eligible local educational agencies, as described in section 6221(b)(2)(A), the application under the sec-tion shall include— 
‘‘(A) the methods and criteria the State 
educational agency or specially qualified agency will use for reviewing applications and awarding funds to local educational agencies on a competitive basis; and 
‘‘(B) how the State educational agency or 
specially qualified agency will notify eligible 
local educational agencies of the grant com-petition; and 
‘‘(3) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency or specially qualified agency will provide technical assistance to eligible local educational agencies to help such agen-cies implement the activities described in section 6222.’’; 
(7) in section 6224— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘or specially qualified agency’’ after ‘‘Each State educational agency’’; 
(ii) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) if the report is submitted by a State 
educational agency, the method the State educational agency used to award grants to eligible local educational agencies, and to provide assistance to schools, under this sub-part;’’; and 
(iii) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) the degree to which progress has been 
made toward meeting the objectives and out-comes described in the application submitted under section 6223, including having all stu-dents in the State or the area served by the specially qualified agency, as applicable, meet the challenging State academic stand-ards under section 1111(b).’’; 
(B) by striking subsection (b) and (c) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall prepare a summary of the reports under subsection (a) and submit a biennial report to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives.’’; 
(C) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (c); 
(D) in subsection (c), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘assessment that is consistent with section 1111(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘assessment that is consistent with section 1111(b)(2)’’; and 
(E) by striking subsection (e); (8) by inserting after section 6224 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 6225. CHOICE OF PARTICIPATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If a local educational 
agency is eligible for funding under both sub-parts 1 and 2 of this part, such local edu-cational agency may receive funds under ei-ther subpart 1 or subpart 2 for a fiscal year, but may not receive funds under both sub-parts for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—A local educational 
agency eligible for funding under both sub-parts 1 and 2 of this part shall notify the Sec-retary and the State educational agency under which of such subparts the local edu-cational agency intends to receive funds for a fiscal year by a date that is established by the Secretary for the notification.’’; and 
(9) in section 6234, by striking ‘‘$300,000,000 
for fiscal year 2002 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years,’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2021,’’. 
SEC. 6004. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Part C of title VI (20 U.S.C. 7371) is amend-
ed to read as follows: ‘‘PART C—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 6301. PROHIBITION AGAINST FEDERAL 
MANDATES, DIRECTION, OR CON-TROL. 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall be construed to 
authorize an officer or employee of the Fed-eral Government to mandate, direct, or con-trol a State, local educational agency, or school’s specific instructional content, aca-demic standards and assessments, cur-riculum, or program of instruction, as a con-dition of eligibility to receive funds under this Act. 
‘‘SEC. 6302. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON EQUAL-
IZED SPENDING. 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall be construed to 
mandate equalized spending per pupil for a State, local educational agency, or school.’’. 
SEC. 6005. REVIEW RELATING TO RURAL LOCAL 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES. 
(a) R EVIEW AND REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall— 
(1) review the organization, structure, and 
process and procedures of the Department of Education for administering its programs and developing policy and regulations, in order to— 
(A) assess the methods and manner 
through which, and the extent to which, the Department of Education takes into ac-count, considers input from, and addresses the unique needs and characteristics of rural schools and rural local educational agencies; and 
(B) determine actions that the Department 
of Education can take to meaningfully in-crease the consideration and participation of rural schools and rural local educational agencies in the development and execution of the processes, procedures, policies, and regulations of the Department of Education; 
(2) make public a preliminary report con-
taining the information described under paragraph (1) and provide Congress and the public with 60 days to comment on the pro-posed actions under paragraph (1)(B); and 
(3) taking into account comments sub-
mitted under paragraph (2), issue a final re-port to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, which shall describe the final actions developed pursuant to paragraph (1)(B). 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Education shall— 
(1) implement each action described in the 
report under subsection (a)(3); or 
(2) provide a written explanation to the 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives of why the action was not carried out. 
TITLE VII—INDIAN, NATIVE HAWAIIAN, 
AND ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
SEC. 7001. INDIAN EDUCATION. 
Part A of title VII (20 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) by striking sections 7132, 7133, 7134, and 
7136; 
(2) by redesignating section 7135 as section 
7132; 
(3) by striking section 7102 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7102. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this part to support 
the efforts of local educational agencies, In-dian tribes and organizations, postsecondary institutions, and other entities— 
‘‘(1) to ensure the academic achievement of 
American Indian and Alaska Native students by meeting their unique cultural, language, and educational needs, consistent with sec-tion 1111; 
‘‘(2) to ensure that American Indian and 
Alaska Native students gain knowledge and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4760 July 7, 2015 
understanding of Native communities, lan-
guages, tribal histories, traditions, and cul-tures; and 
‘‘(3) to ensure that teachers, principals, 
other school leaders, and other staff who serve American Indian and Alaska Native students have the ability to provide effective instruction and supports to such students.’’; 
(4) by striking section 7111 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7111. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this subpart to sup-
port local educational agencies in developing elementary school and secondary school pro-grams for American Indian and Alaska Na-tive students that are designed to— 
‘‘(1) meet the unique cultural, language, 
and educational needs of such students; and 
‘‘(2) ensure that all students meet the chal-
lenging State academic standards adopted under section 1111(b).’’; 
(5) in section 7112— (A) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary may 
make grants, from allocations made under section 7113, and in accordance with this sec-tion and section 7113, to— 
‘‘(1) local educational agencies; ‘‘(2) Indian tribes; and ‘‘(3) consortia of 2 or more local edu-
cational agencies, Indian tribes, Indian orga-nizations, or Indian community-based orga-nizations, provided that each local edu-cational agency participating in such a con-sortium— 
‘‘(A) provides an assurance that the eligi-
ble Indian children served by such local edu-cational agency receive the services of the programs funded under this subpart; and 
‘‘(B) is subject to all the requirements, as-
surances, and obligations applicable to local educational agencies under this subpart.’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘A local 
educational agency shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to paragraph (2), a local edu-cational agency shall’’; 
(ii) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); and 
(iii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the 
following: 
‘‘(2) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—A local 
educational agency may enter into a cooper-ative agreement with an Indian tribe under this subpart if such Indian tribe— 
‘‘(A) represents not less than 25 percent of 
the eligible Indian children who are served by such local educational agency; and 
‘‘(B) requests that the local educational 
agency enter into a cooperative agreement under this subpart.’’; and 
(C) by striking subsection (c) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(c) I
NDIAN TRIBES AND INDIAN ORGANIZA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a local educational 
agency that is otherwise eligible for a grant under this subpart does not establish a com-mittee under section 7114(c)(4) for such grant, an Indian tribe, an Indian organiza-tion, or a consortium of such entities, that represents more than one-half of the eligible Indian children who are served by such local educational agency may apply for such grant. 
‘‘(2) U
NAFFILIATED INDIAN TRIBES .—An In-
dian tribe that operates a public school and that is not affiliated with either a local edu-cational agency or the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation shall be eligible to apply for a grant under this subpart. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
treat each Indian tribe, Indian organization, or consortium of such entities applying for a grant pursuant to paragraph (1) or (2) as if such tribe, Indian organization, or consor-
tium were a local educational agency for purposes of this subpart. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), such Indian tribe, Indian or-ganization, or consortium shall not be sub-ject to the requirements of subsections (b)(7) or (c)(4) of section 7114 or section 7118(c) or 7119. 
‘‘(4) A
SSURANCE TO SERVE ALL INDIAN CHIL -
DREN .—An Indian tribe, Indian organization, 
or consortium of such entities that is eligi-ble to apply for a grant under paragraph (1) shall include, in the application required under section 7114, an assurance that the en-tity will use the grant funds to provide serv-ices to all Indian students served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(d) I
NDIAN COMMUNITY -BASED ORGANIZA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If no local educational 
agency pursuant to subsection (b), and no In-dian tribe, Indian organization, or consor-tium pursuant to subsection (c), applies for a grant under this subpart, an Indian commu-nity-based organization serving the commu-nity of the local educational agency may apply for such grant. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF SPECIAL RULE .—The 
Secretary shall apply the special rule in sub-section (c)(3) to an Indian community-based organization applying or receiving a grant under paragraph (1) in the same manner as such rule applies to an Indian tribe, Indian organization, or consortium. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF INDIAN COMMUNITY -BASED  
ORGANIZATION .—In this subsection, the term 
‘Indian community-based organization’ means any organization that— 
‘‘(A) is composed primarily of Indian par-
ents and community members, tribal govern-ment education officials, and tribal members from a specific community; 
‘‘(B) assists in the social, cultural, and 
educational development of Indians in such community; 
‘‘(C) meets the unique cultural, language, 
and academic needs of Indian students; and 
‘‘(D) demonstrates organizational capacity 
to manage the grant. 
‘‘(e) C
ONSORTIA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency, Indian tribe, or Indian organization that meets the eligibility requirements under this section may form a consortium with other eligible local educational agen-cies, Indian tribes, or Indian organizations for the purpose of obtaining grants and oper-ating programs under this subpart. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In any case where 2 
or more local educational agencies, Indian tribes, or Indian organizations that are eligi-ble under subsection (b) form or participate in a consortium to obtain a grant, or operate a program, under this subpart, each local educational agency, Indian tribe, and Indian organization participating in such a consor-tium shall— 
‘‘(A) provide, in the application submitted 
under section 7114, an assurance that the eli-gible Indian children served by such local educational agency, Indian tribe, and Indian organization will receive the services of the programs funded under this subpart; and 
‘‘(B) agree to be subject to all require-
ments, assurances, and obligations applica-ble to a local educational agency, Indian tribe, and Indian organization receiving a grant under this subpart.’’; 
(6) in section 7113— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘Bu-
reau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bu-reau of Indian Education’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘I
NDIAN AFFAIRS ’’ and inserting ‘‘I NDIAN  
EDUCATION ’’; and (ii) in paragraph (1)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘Bu-
reau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bu-reau of Indian Education’’; 
(7) in section 7114— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘Indian 
tribe, or consortia as described in section 7113(b)(2)’’ after ‘‘Each local educational agency,’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘is 
consistent with the State and local plans’’ and inserting ‘‘supports the State, tribal, and local plans’’; and 
(II) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(B) includes program objectives and out-
comes for activities under this subpart that are based on the same challenging State aca-demic standards developed by the State under title I for all students;’’; 
(ii) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) explains how the local educational 
agency, tribe, or consortium will use funds made available under this subpart to supple-ment other Federal, State, and local pro-grams that meet the needs of such stu-dents;’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(iv) in paragraph (6)— (I) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; and 
(bb) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the Indian tribes whose children are 
served by the local educational agency, con-sistent with section 444 of the General Edu-cation Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (com-monly referred to as the ‘Family Edu-cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’); and’’; and 
(II) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) describes the process the local edu-
cational agency used to collaborate with In-dian tribes located in the community in the development of the comprehensive programs and the actions taken as a result of such col-laboration.’’; 
(C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the edu-
cation of Indian children,’’ and inserting ‘‘services and activities consistent with those described in this subpart,’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘served by such agency;’’ and inserting ‘‘served by such agency, and meet program objectives and outcomes for activities under this subpart; and’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) determine the extent to which such 
activities address the unique cultural, lan-guage, and educational needs of Indian stu-dents;’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (3)(C)— (I) by inserting ‘‘representatives of Indian 
tribes on Indian lands located within 50 miles of any school that the agency will serve if such tribe has any children in such school,’’ after ‘‘parents of Indian children and teachers,’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iv) in paragraph (4)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and family 
members’’ after ‘‘parents’’; 
(bb) by redesignating clauses (ii) and (iii) 
as clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively; and 
(cc) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(ii) representatives of Indian tribes on In-
dian lands located within 50 miles of any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4761 July 7, 2015 
school that the agency will serve if such 
tribe has any children in such school;’’; 
(II) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(B) a majority of whose members are par-
ents and family members of Indian children and representatives of Indian tribes de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii), as applica-ble;’’; 
(III) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and 
family members’’ after ‘‘, parents’’; 
(IV) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking 
‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; 
(V) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(VI) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) that will determine the extent to 
which the activities of the local educational agency will address the unique cultural, lin-guistic, and educational needs of Indian stu-dents;’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) the local educational agency will co-
ordinate activities under this title with other Federal programs supporting edu-cational and related services administered by such agency; 
‘‘(6) the local educational agency con-
ducted outreach to parents and family mem-bers to meet the requirements under this paragraph; and 
‘‘(7) the local educational agency will use 
funds received under this subpart only for activities described and authorized in this subpart.’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary shall mon-
itor the applications for grants under this subpart to identify eligible local educational agencies and schools operated by the Bureau of Indian Education that have not applied for such grants, and shall undertake appropriate outreach activities to encourage and assist eligible entities to submit applications for such grants. 
‘‘(e) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary shall, directly or by contract, provide technical assistance to a local educational agency or Bureau of Indian Education school upon request (in addition to any technical assistance available under other provisions of this Act or available through the Institute of Education Sciences) to support the serv-ices and activities provided under this sub-part, including technical assistance for— 
‘‘(1) the development of applications under 
this subpart; 
‘‘(2) improvement in the quality of imple-
mentation, content, and evaluation of activi-ties supported under this subpart; and 
‘‘(3) integration of activities under this 
subpart with other educational activities carried out by the local educational agen-cy.’’; 
(8) in section 7115— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘solely for 
the services and activities described in such application’’ after ‘‘under section 7114(a)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘to be re-
sponsive to the unique learning styles of In-dian and Alaska Native children’’ after ‘‘In-dian students’’; 
(B) by striking subsection (b) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) P
ARTICULAR ACTIVITIES .—The services 
and activities referred to in subsection (a) may include— 
‘‘(1) activities that support Native Amer-
ican language programs and Native Amer-ican language restoration programs, which may be taught by traditional leaders; 
‘‘(2) culturally related activities that sup-
port the program described in the applica-tion submitted by the local educational agency; ‘‘(3) high-quality early childhood and fam-
ily programs that emphasize school readi-ness; 
‘‘(4) enrichment programs that focus on 
problem solving and cognitive skills develop-ment and directly support the attainment of challenging State academic standards de-scribed in 1111(b); 
‘‘(5) integrated educational services in 
combination with other programs that meet the needs of Indian children and their fami-lies, including programs that promote paren-tal involvement in school activities and in-crease student achievement; 
‘‘(6) career preparation activities to enable 
Indian students to participate in programs such as the programs supported by the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, including programs for tech-prep education, mentoring, and apprenticeship; 
‘‘(7) activities to educate individuals so as 
to prevent violence, suicide, and substance abuse; 
‘‘(8) the acquisition of equipment, but only 
if the acquisition of the equipment is essen-tial to achieve the purpose described in sec-tion 7111; 
‘‘(9) activities that promote the incorpora-
tion of culturally responsive teaching and learning strategies into the educational pro-gram of the local educational agency; 
‘‘(10) family literacy services; ‘‘(11) activities that recognize and support 
the unique cultural and educational needs of Indian children, and incorporate appro-priately qualified tribal elders and seniors; and 
‘‘(12) dropout prevention strategies and 
strategies to— 
‘‘(A) meet the educational needs of at-risk 
Indian students in correctional facilities; and 
‘‘(B) support Indian students who are 
transitioning from such facilities to schools served by local educational agencies.’’; 
(C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the local educational agency identifies 
in its application how the use of such funds in a schoolwide program will provide bene-fits to Indian students.’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS .—Funds 
provided to a grantee under this subpart may not be used for long-distance travel expenses for training activities available locally or re-gionally.’’; 
(9) in section 7116— (A) in subsection (g)— (i) by striking ‘‘No Child Left Behind Act 
of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act of 2015’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Health 
and Human Services,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of the Interior,’’; and 
(iii) by inserting ‘‘and coordination’’ after 
‘‘providing for the implementation’’; and 
(B) in subsection (o)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 2 years after date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, and every 5 years thereafter,’’; and 
(ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall identify— 
‘‘(A) any statutory barriers to the ability 
of participants to more effectively integrate their education and related services to In-dian students in a manner consistent with the objectives of this section; and ‘‘(B) the effective practices for program in-
tegration that result in increased student achievement, graduation rates, and other relevant outcomes for Indian students.’’; 
(10) in section 7117— (A) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by inserting ‘‘or 
membership’’ after ‘‘the enrollment’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or 
membership’’ after ‘‘the enrollment’’; 
(B) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) D
OCUMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of deter-
mining whether a child is eligible to be counted for the purpose of computing the amount of a grant award under section 7113, the membership of the child, or any parent or grandparent of the child, in a tribe or band of Indians (as so defined) may be estab-lished by proof other than an enrollment number, notwithstanding the availability of an enrollment number for a member of such tribe or band. Nothing in subsection (b) shall be construed to require the furnishing of an enrollment number. 
‘‘(2) N
O NEW OR DUPLICATE DETERMINA -
TIONS .—Once a child is determined to be an 
Indian eligible to be counted for such grant award, the local educational agency shall maintain a record of such determination and shall not require a new or duplicate deter-mination to be made for such child for a sub-sequent application for a grant under this subpart. 
‘‘(3) P
REVIOUSLY FILED FORMS .—An Indian 
student eligibility form that was on file as required by this section on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 and that met the re-quirements of this section, as this section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of such Act, shall remain valid for such Indian student.’’; 
(C) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘Bureau 
of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary shall, directly or through contract, provide technical assistance to a local edu-cational agency or Bureau of Indian Edu-cation school upon request, in addition to any technical assistance available under sec-tion 1114 or available through the Institute of Education Sciences, to support the serv-ices and activities described under this sec-tion, including for the— 
‘‘(1) development of applications under this 
section; 
‘‘(2) improvement in the quality of imple-
mentation, content of activities, and evalua-tion of activities supported under this sub-part; 
‘‘(3) integration of activities under this 
title with other educational activities estab-lished by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(4) coordination of activities under this 
title with programs administered by each Federal agency providing grants for the pro-vision of educational and related services and sharing of best practices.’’; 
(11) in section 7118, by striking subsection 
(c) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) R
EDUCTION OF PAYMENT FOR FAILURE  
TOMAINTAIN FISCAL EFFORT .—Each local 
educational agency shall maintain fiscal ef-fort in accordance with section 9521 or be subject to reduced payments under this sub-part in accordance with such section 9521.’’; 
(12) in section 7121— (A) by striking the section header and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7121. IMPROVEMENT OF EDUCATIONAL OP-
PORTUNITIES FOR INDIAN CHIL-DREN AND YOUTH.’’; 
(B) in subsection (a)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4762 July 7, 2015 
(i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘Indian children’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘Alaska Native children’’; 
(C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Indian 
institution (including an Indian institution of higher education)’’ and inserting ‘‘a Tribal College or University (as defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965)’’; 
(D) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘disadvantaged children’’; 
(II) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘such children’’; 
(III) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘Indian children’’; 
(IV) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘and 
youth’’ after ‘‘Indian children’’ both places the term appears; 
(V) by striking subparagraph (G) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(G) high-quality early childhood edu-
cation programs that are effective in pre-paring young children to be making suffi-cient academic progress by the end of grade 3, including kindergarten and prekinder-garten programs, family-based preschool programs that emphasize school readiness, and the provision of services to Indian chil-dren with disabilities;’’; and 
(VI) in subparagraph (L)— (aa) by striking ‘‘appropriately qualified 
tribal elders and seniors’’ and inserting ‘‘tra-ditional leaders’’; and 
(bb) by inserting ‘‘and youth’’ after ‘‘In-
dian children’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Profes-
sional development’’ and inserting ‘‘High- quality professional development’’; 
(E) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘make a 
grant payment for a grant described in this paragraph to an eligible entity after the ini-tial year of the multiyear grant only if the Secretary determines’’ and inserting ‘‘award grants for an initial period of not more than 3 years and may renew such grants for not more than an additional 2 years if the Sec-retary determines’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3)(B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘parents of In-
dian children’’ and inserting ‘‘parents and family of Indian children’’; and 
(II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘information 
demonstrating that the proposed program for the activities is a scientifically based re-search program’’ and inserting ‘‘evidence demonstrating that the proposed program is an evidence-based program’’; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) C
ONTINUATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section, a grantee that is carrying out activities pursuant to a grant awarded under this section prior to the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 may continue to carry out such activities after such date of enact-ment under such grant in accordance with the terms of such grant award.’’; 
(13) in section 7122— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘P
URPOSES ’’ and inserting ‘‘P URPOSE ’’; 
(ii) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘The purposes of this section are’’ and inserting ‘‘The purpose of this sec-tion is’’; 
(iii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘individ-
uals in teaching or other education profes-sions that serve Indian people’’ and inserting ‘‘or Alaska Native teachers and administra-tors serving Indian or Alaska Native stu-dents’’; 
(iv) in paragraph (2)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and support’’ after ‘‘to 
provide training’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘or Alaska Native’’ after 
‘‘Indian’’; 
(III) by striking ‘‘teachers, administrators, 
teacher aides’’ and inserting ‘‘effective teachers, principals, other school leaders, ad-ministrators, teacher aides, counselors’’; 
(IV) by striking ‘‘ancillary educational 
personnel’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized in-structional support personnel’’; and 
(V) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (v) in paragraph (3)— (I) by inserting ‘‘or Alaska Native’’ after 
‘‘Indian’’; and 
(II) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(vi) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) to develop and implement initiatives 
to promote retention of effective teachers, principals, and school leaders who have a record of success in helping low-achieving Indian or Alaska Native students improve their academic achievement, outcomes, and preparation for postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for postsec-ondary remediation.’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘including 
an Indian institution of higher education’’ and inserting ‘‘including a Tribal College or University, as defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘in a con-
sortium with at least one Tribal College or University, as defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965, where fea-sible’’ before the period at the end; 
(C) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the first sentence— 
(aa) by inserting ‘‘or Alaska Native’’ after 
‘‘Indian’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘purposes’’ and inserting 
‘‘purpose’’; and 
(II) by striking the second sentence and in-
serting ‘‘Such activities may include—’’ 
‘‘(A) continuing education programs, 
symposia, workshops, and conferences; 
‘‘(B) teacher mentoring programs, profes-
sional guidance, and instructional support provided by educators, local tribal elders, or cultural experts, as appropriate for teachers during their first 3 years of employment as teachers; 
‘‘(C) direct financial support; and ‘‘(D) programs designed to train tribal el-
ders and cultural experts to assist those per-sonnel referenced in subsection (a)(2), as ap-propriate, with relevant Native language and cultural mentoring, guidance, and support.’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(C) C
ONTINUATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section, a grantee that is carrying out activities pursuant to a grant awarded under this section prior to the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 may continue to carry out such activities under such grant in ac-cordance with the terms of that award.’’; 
(D) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION .—Each eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this section shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information, as the Secretary may rea-sonably require. At a minimum, an applica-tion under this section shall describe how the eligible entity will— 
‘‘(1) recruit qualified Indian or Alaska Na-
tive individuals, such as students who may not be of traditional college age, to become teachers, principals, or school leaders; 
‘‘(2) use funds made available under the 
grant to support the recruitment, prepara-tion, and professional development of Indian or Alaska Native teachers or principals in local educational agencies that serve a high 
proportion of Indian or Alaska Native stu-dents; and 
‘‘(3) assist participants in meeting the re-
quirements under subsection (h).’’; 
(E) in subsection (f)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; 
(ii) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated by clause (i), the following: 
‘‘(1) may give priority to tribally chartered 
and federally chartered institutions of high-er education;’’; and 
(iii) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by 
clause (i), by striking ‘‘basis of’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘basis of the length of any period for which the eligible entity has received a grant.’’; 
(F) by striking subsection (g) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(g) G
RANT PERIOD .—The Secretary shall 
award grants under this section for an initial period of not more than 3 years, and may renew such grants for an additional period of not more than 2 years if the Secretary finds that the grantee is achieving the objectives of the grant.’’; and 
(G) in subsection (h)(1)(A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘people’’ and inserting ‘‘students in a local educational agency that serves a high pro-portion of Indian or Alaska Native stu-dents’’; 
(14) by striking section 7132, as redesig-
nated by section 7001(2), and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7132. GRANTS TO TRIBES FOR EDUCATION 
ADMINISTRATIVE PLANNING, DE-VELOPMENT, AND COORDINATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may 
award grants under this section to eligible applicants to enable the eligible applicants to— 
‘‘(1) promote tribal self-determination in 
education; 
‘‘(2) improve the academic achievement of 
Indian children and youth; and 
‘‘(3) promote the coordination and collabo-
ration of tribal educational agencies with State and local educational agencies to meet the unique educational and culturally re-lated academic needs of Indian students. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE APPLICANT .—In this section, 
the term ‘eligible applicant’ means— 
‘‘(A) an Indian tribe or tribal organization 
approved by an Indian tribe; or 
‘‘(B) a tribal educational agency. ‘‘(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ 
means a federally recognized tribe or a State-recognized tribe. 
‘‘(3) T
RIBAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The 
term ‘tribal educational agency’ means the agency, department, or instrumentality of an Indian tribe that is primarily responsible for supporting tribal students’ elementary and secondary education. 
‘‘(c) G
RANT PROGRAM .—The Secretary may 
award grants to— 
‘‘(1) eligible applicants described under 
subsection (b)(1)(A) to plan and develop a tribal educational agency, if the tribe or or-ganization has no current tribal educational agency, for a period of not more than 1 year; and 
‘‘(2) eligible applicants described under 
subsection (b)(1)(B), for a period of not more than 3 years, in order to— 
‘‘(A) directly administer education pro-
grams, including formula grant programs under this Act, consistent with State law and under a written agreement between the parties; 
‘‘(B) build capacity to administer and co-
ordinate such education programs, and to improve the relationship and coordination between such applicants and the State edu-cational agencies and local educational 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4763 July 7, 2015 
agencies that educate students from the 
tribe; 
‘‘(C) receive training and support from the 
State educational agency and local edu-cational agency, in areas such as data collec-tion and analysis, grants management and monitoring, fiscal accountability, and other areas as needed; 
‘‘(D) train and support the State edu-
cational agency and local educational agen-cy in areas related to tribal history, lan-guage, or culture; 
‘‘(E) build on existing activities or re-
sources rather than replacing other funds; and 
‘‘(F) carry out other activities, subject to 
the approval of the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) G
RANT APPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible applicant 
desiring a grant under this section shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, containing such infor-mation, and consistent with such criteria, as the Secretary may reasonably prescribe. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application described 
in paragraph (1) shall contain— 
‘‘(A) a statement describing the activities 
to be conducted, and the objectives to be achieved, under the grant; 
‘‘(B) a description of the method to be used 
for evaluating the effectiveness of the activi-ties for which assistance is sought and for determining whether such objectives are achieved; and 
‘‘(C) for applications for activities under 
subsection (c)(2), evidence of— 
‘‘(i) a preliminary agreement with the ap-
propriate State educational agency, 1 or more local educational agencies, or both the State educational agency and a local edu-cational agency; and 
‘‘(ii) existing capacity as a tribal edu-
cational agency. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary may ap-
prove an application submitted by an eligi-ble applicant under this subsection only if the Secretary is satisfied that such applica-tion, including any documentation sub-mitted with the application— 
‘‘(A) demonstrates that the eligible appli-
cant has consulted with other education en-tities, if any, within the territorial jurisdic-tion of the applicant that will be affected by the activities to be conducted under the grant; 
‘‘(B) provides for consultation with such 
other education entities in the operation and evaluation of the activities conducted under the grant; and 
‘‘(C) demonstrates that there will be ade-
quate resources provided under this section or from other sources to complete the activi-ties for which assistance is sought. 
‘‘(e) R
ESTRICTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A tribe may not receive 
funds under this section if such tribe re-ceives funds under section 1140 of the Edu-cation Amendments of 1978. 
‘‘(2) D
IRECT SERVICES .—No funds under this 
section may be used to provide direct serv-ices. 
‘‘(f) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
under this section shall be used to supple-ment, and not supplant, other Federal, State, and local programs that meet the needs of tribal students.’’; 
(15) in section 7141(b)(1), by inserting ‘‘and 
the Secretary of the Interior’’ after ‘‘advise the Secretary’’; 
(16) in section 7151, by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(4) T
RADITIONAL LEADERS .—The term ‘tra-
ditional leaders’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2902).’’; and 
(17) in section 7152— (A) in subsection (a), by striking 
‘‘$96,400,000 for fiscal year 2002 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 suc-
ceeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b) by striking 
‘‘$24,000,000 for fiscal year 2002 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 suc-ceeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 7002. NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION. 
Part B of title VII (20 U.S.C. 7511 et seq.) is 
amended— 
(1) in section 7202, by striking paragraphs 
(14) through (21); 
(2) by striking section 7204 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7204. NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION COUN-
CIL. 
‘‘(a) G RANT AUTHORIZED .—In order to bet-
ter effectuate the purposes of this part through the coordination of educational and related services and programs available to Native Hawaiians, including those programs that receive funding under this part, the Sec-retary shall award a grant to the education council described under subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) E
DUCATION COUNCIL .— 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive 
the grant under subsection (a), the council shall be an education council (referred to in this section as the ‘Education Council’) that meets the requirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Education Council 
shall consist of 15 members, of whom— 
‘‘(A) 1 shall be the President of the Univer-
sity of Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(B) 1 shall be the Governor of the State of 
Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(C) 1 shall be the Superintendent of the 
State of Hawaii Department of Education (or a designee); 
‘‘(D) 1 shall be the chairperson of the Office 
of Hawaiian Affairs (or a designee); 
‘‘(E) 1 shall be the executive director of Ha-
waii’s Charter School Network (or a des-ignee); 
‘‘(F) 1 shall be the chief executive officer of 
the Kamehameha Schools (or a designee); 
‘‘(G) 1 shall be the Chief Executive Officer 
of the Queen Liliuokalani Trust (or a des-ignee); 
‘‘(H) 1 shall be a member, selected by the 
other members of the Education Council, who represents a private grant-making enti-ty; 
‘‘(I) 1 shall be the Mayor of the County of 
Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(J) 1 shall be the Mayor of Maui County 
(or a designee from the Island of Maui); 
‘‘(K) 1 shall be the Mayor of the County of 
Kauai (or a designee); 
‘‘(L) 1 shall be appointed by the Mayor of 
Maui County from the Island of Molokai or the Island of Lanai; 
‘‘(M) 1 shall be the Mayor of the City and 
County of Honolulu (or a designee); 
‘‘(N) 1 shall be the chairperson of the Ha-
waiian Homes Commission (or a designee); and 
‘‘(O) 1 shall be the chairperson of the Ha-
waii Workforce Development Council (or a designee representing the private sector). 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any designee serving 
on the Education Council shall demonstrate, as determined by the individual who ap-pointed such designee with input from the Native Hawaiian community, not less than 5 years of experience as a consumer or pro-vider of Native Hawaiian educational or cul-tural activities, with traditional cultural ex-perience given due consideration. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—A member (including a 
designee), while serving on the Education Council, shall not be a direct recipient or ad-ministrator of grant funds that are awarded under this part. ‘‘(5) T
ERM OF MEMBERS .—A member who is 
a designee shall serve for a term of not more than 4 years. 
‘‘(6) C
HAIR; VICE CHAIR .— 
‘‘(A) S ELECTION .—The Education Council 
shall select a Chairperson and a Vice-Chair-person from among the members of the Edu-cation Council. 
‘‘(B) T
ERM LIMITS .—The Chairperson and 
Vice-Chairperson shall each serve for a 2- year term. 
‘‘(7) A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS RELATING  
TO EDUCATION COUNCIL .—The Education Coun-
cil shall meet at the call of the Chairperson of the Council, or upon request by a majority of the members of the Education Council, but in any event not less often than every 120 days. 
‘‘(8) N
O COMPENSATION .—None of the funds 
made available through the grant may be used to provide compensation to any member of the Education Council or member of a working group established by the Education Council, for functions described in this sec-tion. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR COORDINATION AC-
TIVITIES .—The Education Council shall use 
funds made available through a grant under subsection (a) to carry out each of the fol-lowing activities: 
‘‘(1) Providing advice about the coordina-
tion of, and serving as a clearinghouse for, the educational and related services and pro-grams available to Native Hawaiians, includ-ing the programs assisted under this part. 
‘‘(2) Assessing the extent to which such 
services and programs meet the needs of Na-tive Hawaiians, and collecting data on the status of Native Hawaiian education. 
‘‘(3) Providing direction and guidance, 
through the issuance of reports and rec-ommendations, to appropriate Federal, State, and local agencies in order to focus and improve the use of resources, including resources made available under this part, re-lating to Native Hawaiian education, and serving, where appropriate, in an advisory capacity. 
‘‘(4) Awarding grants, if such grants enable 
the Education Council to carry out the ac-tivities described in paragraphs (1) through (3). 
‘‘(5) Hiring an executive director, who shall 
assist in executing the duties and powers of the Education Council, as described in sub-section (d). 
‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR TECHNICAL ASSIST -
ANCE .—The Education Council shall use 
funds made available through a grant under subsection (a) to— 
‘‘(1) provide technical assistance to Native 
Hawaiian organizations that are grantees or potential grantees under this part; 
‘‘(2) obtain from such grantees information 
and data regarding grants awarded under this part, including information and data about— 
‘‘(A) the effectiveness of such grantees in 
meeting the educational priorities estab-lished by the Education Council, as described in paragraph (6)(D), using metrics related to these priorities; and 
‘‘(B) the effectiveness of such grantees in 
carrying out any of the activities described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 7205(a) that are related to the specific goals and pur-poses of each grantee’s grant project, using metrics related to these priorities; 
‘‘(3) assess and define the educational 
needs of Native Hawaiians; 
‘‘(4) assess the programs and services avail-
able to address the educational needs of Na-tive Hawaiians; 
‘‘(5) assess and evaluate the individual and 
aggregate impact achieved by grantees under this part in improving Native Hawaiian edu-cational performance and meeting the goals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4764 July 7, 2015 
of this part, using metrics related to these 
goals; and 
‘‘(6) prepare and submit to the Secretary, 
at the end of each calendar year, an annual report that contains— 
‘‘(A) a description of the activities of the 
Education Council during the calendar year; 
‘‘(B) a description of significant barriers to 
achieving the goals of this part; 
‘‘(C) a summary of each community con-
sultation session described in subsection (e); and 
‘‘(D) recommendations to establish prior-
ities for funding under this part, based on an assessment of— 
‘‘(i) the educational needs of Native Hawai-
ians; 
‘‘(ii) programs and services available to ad-
dress such needs; 
‘‘(iii) the effectiveness of programs in im-
proving the educational performance of Na-tive Hawaiian students to help such students meet challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(iv) priorities for funding in specific geo-
graphic communities. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR COMMUNITY CON-
SULTATIONS .—The Education Council shall 
use funds made available through the grant under subsection (a) to hold not less than 1 community consultation each year on each of the islands of Hawaii, Maui, Molokai, Lanai, Oahu, and Kauai, at which— 
‘‘(1) not less than 3 members of the Edu-
cation Council shall be in attendance; 
‘‘(2) the Education Council shall gather 
community input regarding— 
‘‘(A) current grantees under this part, as of 
the date of the consultation; 
‘‘(B) priorities and needs of Native Hawai-
ians; and 
‘‘(C) other Native Hawaiian education 
issues; and 
‘‘(3) the Education Council shall report to 
the community on the outcomes of the ac-tivities supported by grants awarded under this part. 
‘‘(f) F
UNDING .—For each fiscal year, the 
Secretary shall use the amount described in section 7205(c)(2), to make a payment under the grant. Funds made available through the grant shall remain available until ex-pended.’’; 
(3) in section 7205— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (E); and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) charter schools; and’’; and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2002 and each of the 5 succeeding 5 fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2002 and each of the 5 succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; and 
(4) in section 7207— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) 
through (6) as paragraphs (2) through (7), re-spectively; and 
(B) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated by subparagraph (A), the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) C
OMMUNITY CONSULTATION .—The term 
‘community consultation’ means a public gathering— 
‘‘(A) to discuss Native Hawaiian education 
concerns; and 
‘‘(B) about which the public has been given 
not less than 30 days notice.’’. 
SEC. 7003. ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION. 
Part C of title VII (20 U.S.C. 7541 et seq.) is 
amended— (1) in section 7302, by striking paragraphs 
(1) through (7) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) It is the policy of the Federal Govern-
ment to maximize the leadership of and par-ticipation by Alaska Native peoples in the planning and the management of Alaska Na-tive education programs and to support ef-forts developed by and undertaken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for all students. 
‘‘(2) Many Alaska Native children enter 
and exit school with serious educational dis-advantages. 
‘‘(3) Overcoming the magnitude of the geo-
graphic challenges, historical inequities, and other barriers to successfully improving edu-cational outcomes for Alaska Native stu-dents in rural, village, and urban settings is challenging. Significant disparities between academic achievement of Alaska Native stu-dents and non-Native students continues, in-
cluding lower graduation rates, increased school dropout rates, and lower achievement scores on standardized tests. 
‘‘(4) The preservation of Alaska Native cul-
tures and languages and the integration of Alaska Native cultures and languages into education, positive identity development for Alaska Native students, and local, place- based, and culture-based programming are critical to the attainment of educational success and the long-term well-being of Alas-ka Native students. 
‘‘(5) Improving educational outcomes for 
Alaska Native students increases access to employment opportunities. 
‘‘(6) The programs and activities author-
ized under this part should be led by Alaska Native entities as a means of increasing Alaska Native parent and community in-volvement in the promotion of academic suc-cess of Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(7) The Federal Government should lend 
support to efforts developed by and under-taken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for Alas-ka Native students. In 1983, pursuant to Pub-lic Law 98–63, Alaska ceased to receive edu-cational funding from the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The Bureau of Indian Education does not operate any schools in Alaska, nor oper-ate or fund Alaska Native education pro-grams. The program under this part supports the Federal trust responsibility of the United States to Alaska Natives.’’; 
(2) in section 7303— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and ad-
dress’’ after ‘‘To recognize’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (3); (C) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (4) and paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) To recognize the role of Alaska Native 
languages and cultures in the educational success and long-term well-being of Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(3) To integrate Alaska Native cultures 
and languages into education, develop Alas-ka Native students’ positive identity, and support local place-based and culture-based curriculum and programming.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘of supple-mental educational programs to benefit Alaska Natives.’’ and inserting ‘‘, manage-ment, and expansion of effective educational programs to benefit Alaska Native peoples.’’; and 
(F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) To ensure the maximum participation 
by Alaska Native educators and leaders in the planning, development, implementation, management, and evaluation of programs de-signed to serve Alaska Native students, and to ensure that Alaska Native tribes and trib-al organizations play a meaningful role in providing supplemental educational services 
to Alaska Native students.’’; 
(3) by striking section 7304 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7304. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS AND CONTRACTS .—The Sec-
retary is authorized to make grants to, or enter into contracts with, any of the fol-lowing to carry out the purposes of this part: 
‘‘(A) Alaska Native tribes, Alaska Native 
tribal organizations, or Alaska Native re-gional nonprofit corporations with experi-ence operating programs that fulfill the pur-poses of this part. 
‘‘(B) Alaska Native tribes, Alaska Native 
tribal organizations, or Alaska Native re-gional nonprofit corporations without such experience that are in partnership with— 
‘‘(i) a State educational agency or a local 
educational agency; or 
‘‘(ii) Indian tribes, tribal organizations, or 
Alaska Native regional nonprofit corpora-tions that operate programs that fulfill the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(C) An entity located in Alaska, and pre-
dominately governed by Alaska Natives, that does not meet the definition of an Alas-ka Native tribe, an Alaska Native tribal or-ganization, or an Alaska Native regional nonprofit corporation, under this part, pro-vided that the entity— 
‘‘(i) has experience operating programs 
that fulfill the purposes of this part; and 
‘‘(ii) is granted an official charter or sanc-
tion, as prescribed in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b), from at least one Alaska Native tribe or Alaska Native tribal organization to carry out programs that meet the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(2) M
ULTI-YEAR AWARDS .—The recipient of 
a multi-year award under this part, as this part was in effect prior to the date of enact-ment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, shall be eligible to receive continuation funds in accordance with the terms of that award. 
‘‘(3) M
ANDATORY ACTIVITIES .—Activities 
provided through the programs carried out under this part shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) The development and implementation 
of plans, methods, strategies and activities to improve the educational outcomes of Alaska Native peoples. 
‘‘(B) The collection of data to assist in the 
evaluation of the programs carried out under this part. 
‘‘(4) P
ERMISSIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Activities 
provided through programs carried out under this part may include the following: 
‘‘(A) The development of curricula and pro-
grams that address the educational needs of Alaska Native students, including the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) Curriculum materials that reflect the 
cultural diversity, languages, history, or the contributions of Alaska Native people. 
‘‘(ii) Instructional programs that make use 
of Alaska Native languages and cultures. 
‘‘(iii) Networks that develop, test, and dis-
seminate best practices and introduce suc-cessful programs, materials, and techniques to meet the educational needs of Alaska Na-tive students in urban and rural schools. 
‘‘(iv) Methods to evaluate teachers’ inclu-
sion of diverse Alaska Native cultures in their lesson plans. 
‘‘(B) Training and professional develop-
ment activities for educators, including the following: 
‘‘(i) Pre-service and in-service training and 
professional development programs to pre-pare teachers to develop appreciation for and understanding of Alaska Native history, cul-tures, values, and ways of knowing and learning in order to effectively address the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4765 July 7, 2015 
cultural diversity and unique needs of Alas-
ka Native students and incorporate them into lesson plans and teaching methods. 
‘‘(ii) Recruitment and preparation of 
teachers who are Alaska Native. 
‘‘(iii) Programs that will lead to the cer-
tification and licensing of Alaska Native teachers, principals, other school leaders, and superintendents. 
‘‘(C) Early childhood and parenting edu-
cation activities designed to improve the school readiness of Alaska Native children, including— 
‘‘(i) the development and operation of 
home visiting programs for Alaska Native preschool children, to ensure the active in-volvement of parents in their children’s edu-cation from the earliest ages; 
‘‘(ii) training, education, and support, in-
cluding in-home visitation, for parents and caregivers of Alaska Native children to im-
prove parenting and caregiving skills (in-cluding skills relating to discipline and cog-nitive development, reading readiness, obser-vation, storytelling, and critical thinking); 
‘‘(iii) family literacy services; ‘‘(iv) activities carried out under the Head 
Start Act; 
‘‘(v) programs for parents and their in-
fants, from the prenatal period of the infant through age 3; 
‘‘(vi) early childhood education programs; 
and 
‘‘(vii) Native language immersion within 
early childhood, Head Start, or preschool programs. 
‘‘(D) The development and operation of 
student enrichment programs, including those in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics that— 
‘‘(i) are designed to prepare Alaska Native 
students to excel in such subjects; 
‘‘(ii) provide appropriate support services 
to enable such students to benefit from the programs; and 
‘‘(iii) include activities that recognize and 
support the unique cultural and educational needs of Alaska Native children and incor-porate appropriately qualified Alaska Native elders and other tradition bearers. 
‘‘(E) Research and data collection activi-
ties to determine the educational status and needs of Alaska Native children and adults and other such research and evaluation ac-tivities related to programs funded under this part. 
‘‘(F) Activities designed to increase Alaska 
Native students’ graduation rates and assist Alaska Native students to be prepared for postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remedi-ation, such as— 
‘‘(i) remedial and enrichment programs; ‘‘(ii) culturally based education programs 
such as— 
‘‘(I) programs of study and other instruc-
tion in Alaska Native history and ways of living to share the rich and diverse cultures of Alaska Native peoples among Alaska Na-tive youth and elders, non-Native students and teachers, and the larger community; 
‘‘(II) instructing Alaska Native youth in 
leadership, communication, and Native cul-ture, arts, and languages; 
‘‘(III) inter-generational learning and in-
ternship opportunities to Alaska Native youth and young adults; 
‘‘(IV) cultural immersion activities; ‘‘(V) culturally informed curricula in-
tended to preserve and promote Alaska Na-tive culture; 
‘‘(VI) Native language instruction and im-
mersion activities; 
‘‘(VII) school-within-a-school model pro-
grams; and 
‘‘(VIII) college preparation and career 
planning; and ‘‘(iii) holistic school or community-based 
support services to enable such students to benefit from the supplemental programs of-fered, including those that address family in-stability, school climate, trauma, safety, and nonacademic learning. 
‘‘(G) The establishment or operation of Na-
tive language immersion nests or schools. 
‘‘(H) Student and teacher exchange pro-
grams, cross-cultural immersion programs, and culture camps designed to build mutual respect and understanding among partici-pants. 
‘‘(I) Education programs for at-risk urban 
Alaska Native students that are designed to improve academic proficiency and gradua-tion rates, utilize strategies otherwise per-missible under this part, and incorporate a strong data collection and continuous eval-uation component. 
‘‘(J) Strategies designed to increase par-
ents’ involvement in their children’s edu-cation. 
‘‘(K) Programs and strategies that provide 
technical assistance and support to schools and communities to engage adults in pro-moting the academic progress and overall well-being of Alaska Native people, such as through— 
‘‘(i) strength-based approaches to child and 
youth development; 
‘‘(ii) positive youth-adult relationships; 
and 
‘‘(iii) improved conditions for learning 
(school climate, student connection to school and community), and increased con-nections between schools and families. 
‘‘(L) Career preparation activities to en-
able Alaska Native children and adults to prepare for meaningful employment, includ-ing programs providing tech-prep, men-toring, training, and apprenticeship activi-ties. 
‘‘(M) Provision of operational support and 
purchasing of equipment, to develop regional vocational schools in rural areas of Alaska, including boarding schools, for Alaska Na-tive students in grades 9 through 12, or at higher levels of education, to provide the students with necessary resources to prepare for skilled employment opportunities. 
‘‘(N) Regional leadership academies that 
demonstrate effectiveness in building respect and understanding, and fostering a sense of Alaska Native identity to promote their pur-suit of and success in completing higher edu-cation or career training. 
‘‘(O) Other activities, consistent with the 
purposes of this part, to meet the edu-cational needs of Alaska Native children and adults. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’; 
(4) by striking section 7305 and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 7305. FUNDS FOR ADMINISTRATIVE PUR-
POSES. 
‘‘Not more than 5 percent of funds provided 
to an award recipient under this part for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes.’’; and 
(5) in section 7306— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(43 
U.S.C. 1602(b)) and includes the descendants of individuals so defined’’ after ‘‘Settlement Act’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) A
LASKA NATIVE TRIBE .—The term 
‘Alaska Native tribe’ has the meaning given the term ‘Indian tribe’ in section 4 of the In-dian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b), except that the term applies only to Indian tribes in Alaska. ‘‘(3) A
LASKA NATIVE TRIBAL ORGANIZATION .— 
The term ‘Alaska Native tribal organization’ has the meaning given the term ‘tribal orga-nization’ in section 4 of the Indian Self-De-termination and Education Assistance Act, (25 U.S.C. 450b), except that the term applies only to tribal organizations in Alaska. 
‘‘(4) A
LASKA NATIVE REGIONAL NONPROFIT  
CORPORATION .—The term ‘Alaska Native re-
gional nonprofit corporation’ means an orga-nization listed in clauses (i) through (xii) of section 419(4)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 619(4)(B)(i)-(xii)), or the successor of an entity so listed.’’. 
SEC. 7004. NATIVE AMERICAN LANGUAGE IMMER-
SION SCHOOLS AND PROGRAMS. 
Title VII (20 U.S.C. 7401) is further amend-
ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART D—NATIVE AMERICAN AND ALASKA 
NATIVE LANGUAGE IMMERSION SCHOOLS AND PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 7401. NATIVE AMERICAN AND ALASKA NA-
TIVE LANGUAGE IMMERSION SCHOOLS AND PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this sec-
tion are— 
‘‘(1) to establish a grant program to sup-
port schools that use Native American and Alaska Native languages as the primary lan-guage of instruction; 
‘‘(2) to maintain, protect, and promote the 
rights and freedom of Native Americans and Alaska Natives to use, practice, maintain, and revitalize their languages, as envisioned in the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2901 et seq.); and 
‘‘(3) to support the Nation’s First Peoples’ 
efforts to maintain and revitalize their lan-guages and cultures, and to improve student outcomes within Native American and Alas-ka Native communities. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amounts made 
available to carry out this part, the Sec-retary may award grants to eligible entities to develop and maintain, or to improve and expand, programs that support schools, in-cluding prekindergarten through postsec-ondary education sites and streams, using 
Native American and Alaska Native lan-guages as the primary language of instruc-tion. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—In this section, 
the term ‘eligible entity’ means any of the following entities that has a plan to develop and maintain, or to improve and expand, pro-grams that support the entity’s use of Native American or Alaska Native languages as the primary language of instruction: 
‘‘(A) An Indian tribe. ‘‘(B) A Tribal College or University (as de-
fined in section 316 of the Higher Education Act of 1965). 
‘‘(C) A tribal education agency. ‘‘(D) A local educational agency, including 
a public charter school that is a local edu-cational agency under State law. 
‘‘(E) A school operated by the Bureau of In-
dian Education. 
‘‘(F) An Alaska Native Regional Corpora-
tion (as defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)). 
‘‘(G) A private, tribal, or Alaska Native 
nonprofit organization. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
desires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require, including the following: 
‘‘(A) The name of the Native American or 
Alaska Native language to be used for in-struction at the school supported by the eli-gible entity. 
‘‘(B) The number of students attending 
such school. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4766 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(C) The number of present hours of in-
struction in or through 1 or more Native American or Alaska Native languages being provided to targeted students at such school, if any. 
‘‘(D) A description of how the applicant 
will— 
‘‘(i) use the funds provided to meet the pur-
poses of this part; 
‘‘(ii) implement the activities described in 
subsection (f); 
‘‘(iii) ensure the implementation of rig-
orous academic content; and 
‘‘(iv) ensure that students progress towards 
high-level fluency goals. 
‘‘(E) Information regarding the school’s or-
ganizational governance or affiliations, in-cluding information about— 
‘‘(i) the school governing entity (such as a 
local educational agency, tribal education agency or department, charter organization, private organization, or other governing en-tity); 
‘‘(ii) the school’s accreditation status; ‘‘(iii) any partnerships with institutions of 
higher education; and 
‘‘(iv) any indigenous language schooling 
and research cooperatives. 
‘‘(F) An assurance that— ‘‘(i) the school is engaged in meeting State 
or tribally designated proficiency levels for students, as may be required by applicable Federal, State, or tribal law; 
‘‘(ii) the school provides assessments of 
students using the Native American or Alas-ka Native language of instruction, where possible; 
‘‘(iii) the qualifications of all instructional 
and leadership personnel at such school is sufficient to deliver high-quality education through the Native American or Alaska Na-tive language used in the school; and 
‘‘(iv) the school will collect and report to 
the public data relative to student achieve-ment and, if appropriate, rates of high school graduation, career readiness, and enrollment in postsecondary education or job training programs, of students who are enrolled in the school’s programs. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall not 
give a priority in awarding grants under this part based on the information described in paragraph (1)(E). 
‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF CERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
is a public elementary school or secondary school (including a public charter school) or a non-tribal for-profit or nonprofit organiza-tion shall submit, along with the application requirements described in paragraph (1), a certification described in subparagraph (B) indicating that the school has the capacity to provide education primarily through a Na-tive American or Alaska Native language and that there are sufficient speakers of the target language at the school or available to be hired by the school. 
‘‘(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) shall be from one of the following entities, on whose land the school is located, that is an entity served by such school, or that is an entity whose mem-bers (as defined by that entity) are served by the school: 
‘‘(i) A Tribal College or University (as de-
fined in section 316 of the Higher Education Act of 1965). 
‘‘(ii) A federally recognized Indian tribe or 
tribal organization. 
‘‘(iii) An Alaska Native Regional Corpora-
tion or an Alaska Native nonprofit organiza-tion. 
‘‘(iv) A Native Hawaiian organization. 
‘‘(d) A
WARDING OF GRANTS .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) determine the amount of each grant 
and the duration of each grant, which shall not exceed 3 years; and 
‘‘(2) ensure, to the maximum extent fea-
sible, that diversity in languages is rep-resented. 
‘‘(e) A
CTIVITIES AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIRED ACTIVITIES .—An eligible en-
tity that receives a grant under this section shall use such funds to carry out the fol-lowing activities: 
‘‘(A) Supporting Native American or Alas-
ka Native language education and develop-ment. 
‘‘(B) Providing professional development 
for teachers and, as appropriate, staff and administrators to strengthen the overall lan-guage and academic goals of the school that will be served by the grant program. 
‘‘(C) Carrying out other activities that pro-
mote the maintenance and revitalization of the Native American or Alaska Native lan-guage relevant to the grant program. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOWABLE ACTIVITIES .—An eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this sec-tion may use such funds to carry out the fol-lowing activities: 
‘‘(A) Developing or refining curriculum, in-
cluding teaching materials and activities, as appropriate. 
‘‘(B) Creating or refining assessments writ-
ten in the Native American or Alaska Native language of instruction that measure stu-dent proficiency and that are aligned with State or tribal academic standards. 
‘‘(f) R
EPORT TO SECRETARY .—Each eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this part shall provide an annual report to the Sec-retary in such form and manner as the Sec-retary may require. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 7005. IMPROVING INDIAN STUDENT DATA 
COLLECTION, REPORTING, AND ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Edu-cation, the Secretary of the Interior, and 
tribal communities, shall carry out a study that examines the following: 
(1) The representation, at the time of the 
study, of Indian students in national, State, local, and tribal educational reporting re-quired by law. 
(2) The varying ways that individuals are 
identified as American Indian and Alaska Native (for example, such as through self-re-porting or tribal enrollment records) at the time of the study, by national, State, local, and tribal educational reporting systems, and the impact that such variation has on data analysis or statistical trend com-parability across such systems. 
(3) How reporting of data within the Indian 
student population can be improved to facili-tate comparisons between— 
(A) Indian students living in urban and 
rural settings; 
(B) Indian students living in tribal commu-
nities, areas with large Indian populations, and in areas with a low percentage of Indian population; and 
(C) any other classifications that the 
Comptroller General determines are signifi-cant. 
(4) The timeliness of Indian student record 
transfer between schools and other entities or individuals who may receive student records in accordance with the requirements of section 444 of the General Education Pro-visions Act ((20 U.S.C.1232g); commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’). 
(5) The effectiveness and usefulness for pa-
rental, student, Federal, State, tribal, and local educational stakeholders of the find-ings and structure of the National Indian 
Education Study conducted by the National Center for Education Statistics in conjunc-tion with the National Assessment of Edu-cational Progress described under section 303 of the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act (20 U.S.C. 9622). 
(6) Any other areas of Indian student data 
collection, reporting, and analysis, as deter-mined by the Comptroller General. 
(b) R
EPORTING .— 
(1) R ECIPIENTS .—The Comptroller General 
shall prepare and submit reports setting forth the conclusions of the study described in subsection (a), in accordance with sub-section (c), to each of the following: 
(A) The Committee on Indian Affairs of the 
Senate. 
(B) The Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
(C) The Committee on Education and the 
Workforce of the House of Representatives. 
(D) The Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, 
and Alaska Native Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(2) F
UTURE LEGISLATION .—The Comptroller 
General shall include in the reports de-scribed in subsection (b) recommendations to inform future legislation regarding the col-lection, reporting, and analysis of Indian student data. 
(c) T
IMEFRAME .—The Comptroller General 
shall— 
(1) submit not less than 1 report addressing 
1 or more of the areas identified in para-graphs (1) through (6) of subsection (a) not later than 18 months after the enactment of this section; and 
(2) submit any other reports necessary to 
address the areas identified in paragraphs (1) through (6) of subsection (a) not later than 5 years after the enactment of this section. 
TITLE VIII—IMPACT AID 
SEC. 8001. PURPOSE. 
Section 8001 (20 U.S.C. 7701) is amended in 
the matter preceding paragraph (1), by strik-ing ‘‘challenging State standards’’ and in-serting ‘‘the same challenging State aca-demic standards’’. 
SEC. 8002. AMENDMENT TO IMPACT AID IM-
PROVEMENT ACT OF 2012. 
Section 563(c) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1748; 20 U.S.C. 7702 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (4); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. 
SEC. 8003. PAYMENTS RELATING TO FEDERAL AC-
QUISITION OF REAL PROPERTY. 
Section 8002 (20 U.S.C. 7702) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(3), by striking sub-
paragraph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) S PECIAL RULE .—In the case of Federal 
property eligible under this section that is within the boundaries of 2 or more local edu-cational agencies that are eligible under this section, any of such agencies may ask the Secretary to calculate (and the Secretary shall calculate) the taxable value of the eli-gible Federal property that is within its boundaries by— 
‘‘(i) first calculating the per-acre value of 
the eligible Federal property separately for each eligible local educational agency that shared the Federal property, as provided in subparagraph (A)(ii); 
‘‘(ii) then averaging the resulting per-acre 
values of the eligible Federal property from each eligible local educational agency that shares the Federal property; and 
‘‘(iii) then applying the average per-acre 
value to determine the total taxable value of the eligible Federal property under subpara-graph (A)(iii) for the requesting local edu-cational agency.’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4767 July 7, 2015 
(2) in subsection (e)(2), by adding at the 
end the following: ‘‘For each fiscal year be-ginning with fiscal year 2015, the Secretary shall treat local educational agencies char-tered in 1871 having more than 70 percent of the county in Federal ownership as meeting the eligibility requirements of subpara-graphs (A) and (C) of subsection (a)(1). For each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2015, the Secretary shall treat local edu-cational agencies that serve a county char-tered or formed in 1734 having more than 24 percent of the county in Federal ownership as meeting the eligibility requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (C) of subsection (a)(1).’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (f) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—Beginning with fiscal 
year 2015, a local educational agency shall be deemed to meet the requirements of sub-section (a)(1)(C) if the agency was eligible under paragraph (1) or (3) of this subsection, as such subsection was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015.’’; 
(4) in subsection (h)(4), by striking ‘‘For 
each local educational agency that received a payment under this section for fiscal year 2010 through the fiscal year in which the Im-pact Aid Improvement Act of 2012 is en-acted’’ and inserting ‘‘For each local edu-cational agency that received a payment under this section for fiscal year 2010 or any succeeding fiscal year’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (k); and (6) by redesignating subsections (l), (m), 
and (n), as subsections (j), (k), and (l), respec-tively. 
SEC. 8004. PAYMENTS FOR ELIGIBLE FEDERALLY 
CONNECTED CHILDREN. 
Section 8003 (20 U.S.C. 7703) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(5)(A), by striking ‘‘to 
be children’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘or under lease of off-base property under subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, to be children described under para-graph (1)(B), if the property described is—’’ 
‘‘(i) within the fenced security perimeter of 
the military facility; or 
‘‘(ii) attached to, and under any type of 
force protection agreement with, the mili-tary installation upon which such housing is situated.;’’. 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraph (E); and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) and 
(G) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respec-tively; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graphs (B) through (H) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR HEAVILY IMPACTED  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A heavily impacted local 
educational agency is eligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A) with respect to a number of children de-termined under subsection (a)(1) if the agen-cy— 
‘‘(I) is a local educational agency— ‘‘(aa) whose boundaries are the same as a 
Federal military installation or an island property designated by the Secretary of the Interior to be property that is held in trust by the Federal Government; and 
‘‘(bb) that has no taxing authority; ‘‘(II) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percentage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 45 percent; 
‘‘(bb) has a per-pupil expenditure that is 
less than— 
‘‘(AA) for an agency that has a total stu-
dent enrollment of 500 or more students, 125 percent of the average per-pupil expenditure 
of the State in which the agency is located; or 
‘‘(BB) for any agency that has a total stu-
dent enrollment less than 500, 150 percent of the average per-pupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located or the average per-pupil expenditure of 3 or more comparable local educational agencies in the State in which the agency is located; and 
‘‘(cc) is an agency that— ‘‘(AA) has a tax rate for general fund pur-
poses that is not less than 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of comparable local educational agencies in the State; or 
‘‘(BB) was eligible to receive a payment 
under this subsection for fiscal year 2013 and is located in a State that by State law has eliminated ad valorem tax as a revenue for local educational agencies; 
‘‘(III) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has a tax rate for general fund pur-
poses which is not less than 125 percent of the average tax rate for general fund pur-poses for comparable local educational agen-cies in the State; and 
‘‘(bb)(AA) has an enrollment of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percentage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 30 percent; or 
‘‘(BB) has an enrollment of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percentage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 20 percent, and for the 3 fiscal years preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made, the average enrollment of children who are not described in subsection (a)(1) and who are eligible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act constitutes a percentage of the total student enrollment of the agency that is not less than 65 percent; 
‘‘(IV) is a local educational agency that 
has a total student enrollment of not less than 25,000 students, of which— 
‘‘(aa) not less than 50 percent are children 
described in subsection (a)(1); and 
‘‘(bb) not less than 5,000 of such children 
are children described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1); or 
‘‘(V) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) including, for purposes of determining eligibility, those children described in subparagraphs (F) and (G) of such subsection, that is not less than 35 percent of the total student enrollment of the agency; 
‘‘(bb) has a per-pupil expenditure that is 
less than the average per-pupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located or the average per-pupil expenditure of all States (whichever average per-pupil expendi-ture is greater), except that a local edu-cational agency with a total student enroll-ment of less than 350 students shall be deemed to have satisfied such per-pupil ex-penditure requirement, and has a tax rate for general fund purposes which is not less than 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of local educational agencies in the State; and 
‘‘(cc) was eligible to receive assistance 
under subparagraph (A) for fiscal year 2001. 
‘‘(ii) L
OSS OF ELIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), 
a heavily impacted local educational agency that met the requirements of clause (i) for a fiscal year shall be ineligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A) if the agency fails to meet the require-ments of clause (i) for a subsequent fiscal year, except that such agency shall continue to receive a basic support payment under this paragraph for the fiscal year for which 
the ineligibility determination is made. 
‘‘(II) L
OSS OF ELIGIBILITY DUE TO FALLING  
BELOW 95 PERCENT OF THE AVERAGE TAX RATE  
FOR GENERAL FUND PURPOSES .—In a case of a 
heavily impacted local educational agency that is eligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A), but that has had, for 2 consecutive fiscal years, a tax rate for general fund purposes that falls below 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of comparable local educational agencies in the State, such agen-cy shall be determined to be ineligible under clause (i) and ineligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A) for each fiscal year succeeding such 2 consecu-tive fiscal years for which the agency has such a tax rate for general fund purposes, and until the fiscal year for which the agen-cy resumes such eligibility in accordance with clause (iii). 
‘‘(III) T
AKEN OVER BY STATE BOARD OF EDU -
CATION .—In the case of a heavily impacted 
local educational agency that is eligible to receive a basic support payment under sub-paragraph (A), but that has been taken over by a State board of education in 2 previous years, such agency shall be deemed to main-tain heavily impacted status for 2 fiscal years following the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(iii) R
ESUMPTION OF ELIGIBILITY .—A heav-
ily impacted local educational agency de-scribed in clause (i) that becomes ineligible under such clause for 1 or more fiscal years may resume eligibility for a basic support payment under this paragraph for a subse-quent fiscal year only if the agency meets the requirements of clause (i) for that subse-quent fiscal year, except that such agency shall not receive a basic support payment under this paragraph until the fiscal year succeeding the fiscal year for which the eli-gibility determination is made. 
‘‘(C) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT FOR HEAVILY IM -
PACTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (D), the maximum amount that a heavily impacted local educational agency is eligible to receive under this para-graph for any fiscal year is the sum of the total weighted student units, as computed under subsection (a)(2) and subject to clause (ii), multiplied by the greater of— 
‘‘(I) four-fifths of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure of the State in which the local educational agency is located for the third fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made; or 
‘‘(II) four-fifths of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure of all of the States for the third fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made. 
‘‘(ii) C
ALCULATION OF WEIGHTED STUDENT  
UNITS .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(aa) I N GENERAL .—For a local educational 
agency in which 35 percent or more of the total student enrollment of the schools of the agency are children described in subpara-graph (D) or (E) (or a combination thereof) of subsection (a)(1), and that has an enrollment of children described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of such subsection equal to at least 10 percent of the agency’s total enroll-ment, the Secretary shall calculate the weighted student units of those children de-scribed in subparagraph (D) or (E) of such subsection by multiplying the number of such children by a factor of 0.55. 
‘‘(bb) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding item 
(aa), a local educational agency that re-ceived a payment under this paragraph for fiscal year 2013 shall not be required to have an enrollment of children described in sub-paragraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (a)(1) equal to at least 10 percent of the agency’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4768 July 7, 2015 
total enrollment and shall be eligible for the 
student weight as provided for in item (aa). 
‘‘(II) E NROLLMENT OF 100 OR FEWER CHIL -
DREN .—For a local educational agency that 
has an enrollment of 100 or fewer children de-scribed in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall calculate the total number of weighted student units for purposes of subsection (a)(2) by multiplying the number of such children by a factor of 1.75. 
‘‘(III) E
NROLLMENT OF MORE THAN 100 CHIL -
DREN BUT LESS THAN 1000 .—For a local edu-
cational agency that is not described under subparagraph (B)(i)(I) and has an enrollment of more than 100 but not more than 1,000 children described in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall calculate the total number of weighted student units for purposes of subsection (a)(2) by multiplying the number of such children by a factor of 1.25. 
‘‘(D) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT FOR LARGE HEAVILY  
IMPACTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the 
maximum amount that a heavily impacted local educational agency described in sub-clause (II) is eligible to receive under this paragraph for any fiscal year shall be deter-mined in accordance with the formula de-scribed in paragraph (1)(C). 
‘‘(II) H
EAVILY IMPACTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCY .—A heavily impacted local edu-
cational agency described in this subclause is a local educational agency that has a total student enrollment of not less than 25,000 students, of which not less than 50 percent are children described in subsection (a)(1) and not less than 5,000 of such children are children described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(ii) F
ACTOR .—For purposes of calculating 
the maximum amount described in clause (i), the factor used in determining the weighted student units under subsection (a)(2) with re-spect to children described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1) shall be 1.35. 
‘‘(E) D
ATA.—For purposes of providing as-
sistance under this paragraph the Secretary shall use student, revenue, expenditure, and tax data from the third fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the local edu-cational agency is applying for assistance under this paragraph. 
‘‘(F) D
ETERMINATION OF AVERAGE TAX RATES  
FOR GENERAL FUND PURPOSES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), for the purpose of determining the average tax rates for general fund pur-poses for local educational agencies in a State under this paragraph, the Secretary shall use either— 
‘‘(I) the average tax rate for general fund 
purposes for comparable local educational agencies, as determined by the Secretary in regulations; or 
‘‘(II) the average tax rate of all the local 
educational agencies in the State. 
‘‘(ii) F
ISCAL YEARS 2010 -2015.— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—For fiscal years 2010 
through 2015, any local educational agency that was found ineligible to receive a pay-ment under subparagraph (A) because the Secretary determined that it failed to meet the average tax rate requirement for general fund purposes in subparagraph (B)(i)(II)(cc)(AA), shall be considered to have met that requirement, if its State deter-mined, through an alternate calculation of average tax rates for general fund purposes, that such local educational agency met that requirement. 
‘‘(II) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS AFTER  
2015.—For any succeeding fiscal year after 
2015, any local educational agency identified in subclause (I) may continue to have its State use that alternate methodology to cal-culate whether the average tax rate require-ment for general fund purposes under sub-
paragraph (B)(i)(II)(cc)(AA) is met. 
‘‘(III) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law limiting the period during which the Secretary may obligate funds appropriated for any fiscal year after 2012, the Secretary shall reserve an amount equal to a total of $14,000,000 from funds that remain unobligated under this section from fiscal years 2013 or 2014 in order to make payments under this clause for fis-cal years 2011 through 2014. 
‘‘(G) E
LIGIBILITY FOR HEAVILY IMPACTED  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES AFFECTED BY  
PRIVATIZATION OF MILITARY HOUSING .— 
‘‘(i) E LIGIBILITY .—For any fiscal year, a 
heavily impacted local educational agency that received a basic support payment under this paragraph for the prior fiscal year, but is ineligible for such payment for the current fiscal year under subparagraph (B), (C), or (D), as the case may be, due to of the conver-sion of military housing units to private housing described in clause (iii), or as the di-rect result of base realignment and closure or modularization as determined by the Sec-retary of Defense and force structure change or force relocation, shall be deemed to meet the eligibility requirements under subpara-graph (B) or (C), as the case may be, for the period during which the housing units are undergoing such conversion or during such time as activities associated with base clo-sure and realignment, modularization, force structure change, or force relocation are on-going. 
‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT OF PAYMENT .—The amount of 
a payment to a heavily impacted local edu-cational agency for a fiscal year by reason of the application of clause (i), and calculated in accordance with subparagraph (C) or (D), as the case may be, shall be based on the number of children in average daily attend-ance in the schools of such agency for the fiscal year and under the same provisions of subparagraph (C) or (D) under which the agency was paid during the prior fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) C
ONVERSION OF MILITARY HOUSING  
UNITS TO PRIVATE HOUSING DESCRIBED .—For 
purposes of clause (i), ‘conversion of military housing units to private housing’ means the conversion of military housing units to pri-vate housing units pursuant to subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, or pursuant to any other related provi-sion of law.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking clause 
(iii) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(iii) In the case of a local educational 
agency providing a free public education to 
students enrolled in kindergarten through grade 12, that enrolls students described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (D) of subsection (a)(1) only in grades 9 through 12, and that received a final payment in fiscal year 2009 calculated under this paragraph (as this paragraph was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015) for students in grades 9 through 12, the Secretary shall, in calcu-lating the agency’s payment, consider only that portion of such agency’s total enroll-ment of students in grades 9 through 12 when calculating the percentage under clause (i)(I) and only that portion of the total current ex-penditures attributed to the operation of grades 9 through 12 in such agency when cal-culating the percentage under clause (i)(II).’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (D) or (E) of paragraph (2),’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C) or (D) of para-graph (2)’’; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(D) R
ATABLE DISTRIBUTION .—For fiscal 
years described in subparagraph (A), for which the sums available exceed the amount 
required to pay each local educational agen-cy 100 percent of its threshold payment, the Secretary shall distribute the excess sums to each eligible local educational agency that has not received its full amount computed under paragraphs (1) or (2) (as the case may be) by multiplying— 
‘‘(i) a percentage, the denominator of 
which is the difference between the full amount computed under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be) for all local educational agencies and the amount of the threshold payment (as calculated under subparagraphs (B) and (C)) of all local educational agencies, and the numerator of which is the aggregate of the excess sums, by 
‘‘(ii) the difference between the full 
amount computed under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be) for the agency and the amount of the threshold payment (as cal-culated under subparagraphs (B) or (C)) of the agency, except that no local educational agency shall receive more than 100 percent of the maximum payment calculated under subparagraphs (C) or (D) of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(E) I
NSUFFICIENT PAYMENTS .—For each fis-
cal year described in subparagraph (A) for which the sums appropriated are insufficient to pay each local educational agency all of the local educational agency’s threshold pay-ment described in subparagraph (B), the Sec-retary shall ratably reduce the payment to each local educational agency under this paragraph. 
‘‘(F) P
ROVISION OF TAX RATE AND RESULTING  
PERCENTAGE .—The Secretary shall provide 
the local educational agency’s tax rate and the resulting percentage to each eligible local educational agency immediately fol-lowing the payments of funds under para-graph (2).’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (D) or (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraph (C) or (D)’’; 
(3) in subsection (c), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Calculation of payments 
for a local educational agency shall be based on data from the fiscal year for which the agency is making an application for payment if such agency— 
‘‘(A) is newly established by a State, for 
the first year of operation of such agency only; 
‘‘(B) was eligible to receive a payment 
under this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an overall increase in en-rollment (as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Interior, or the heads of 
other Federal agencies)— 
‘‘(i) of not less than 10 percent, or 100 stu-
dents, of children described in— 
‘‘(I) subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D) of 
subsection (a)(1); or 
‘‘(II) subparagraphs (F) and (G) of sub-
section (a)(1), but only to the extent such children are civilian dependents of employ-ees of the Department of Defense or the De-partment of Interior; and 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of closure or 
realignment of military installations under the base closure process or the relocation of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense as part of the force structure changes or move-ments of units or personnel between military installations or because of actions initiated by the Secretary of the Interior or the head of another Federal agency; or 
‘‘(C) was eligible to receive a payment 
under this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an increase in enrollment (as determined by the Secretary)— 
‘‘(i) of not less than 10 percent of children 
described in subsection (a)(1) or not less than 100 of such children; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4769 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of the closure 
of a local educational agency that received a payment under subsection (b)(1) or (b)(2) in the previous fiscal year.’’; 
(4) in subsection (d)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘C
HILDREN ’’ and inserting ‘‘S TUDENTS ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘children’’ 
both places the term appears and inserting ‘‘students’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘children’’ 
and inserting ‘‘students’’; 
(5) in subsection (e)— 
(A) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of any local 
educational agency whose payment under subsection (b) for a fiscal year is determined to be reduced by an amount greater than $5,000,000 or by 20 percent, as compared to the amount received for the previous fiscal year, the Secretary shall, subject to subpara-graph (B), pay a local educational agency, for each of the 3 years following the reduc-tion under subsection (b), the amount deter-mined under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) A
MOUNT OF REDUCTION .—Subject to 
subparagraph (C), a local educational agency described in subparagraph (A) shall receive— 
‘‘(i) for the first year for which the reduced 
payment is determined, an amount that is not less than 90 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) for the fiscal year prior to the reduction (re-ferred to in this paragraph as the ‘base year’); 
‘‘(ii) for the second year following such re-
duction, an amount that is not less than 85 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) for the base year; and 
‘‘(iii) for the third year following such re-
duction, an amount that is not less than 80 percent of the total amount that the local educational agency received under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) for the base year. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE .—For any fiscal year for 
which a local educational agency would be subject to a reduced payment under clause (ii) or (iii) of subparagraph (B), but the total amount of the payment for which the local educational agency is eligible under sub-section (b) for that fiscal year is greater than the amount that initially subjected the local educational agency to the require-ments of this subsection, the Secretary shall pay the greater amount to the local edu-cational agency for such year.’’; and 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); and 
(6) by striking subsection (g). 
SEC. 8005. POLICIES AND PROCEDURES RELAT-
ING TO CHILDREN RESIDING ON IN-DIAN LANDS. 
Section 8004(e)(9) (20 U.S.C. 7704(e)(9)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘Affairs’’ both places the term appears and inserting ‘‘Education’’. 
SEC. 8006. APPLICATION FOR PAYMENTS UNDER 
SECTIONS 8002 AND 8003. 
Section 8005 (20 U.S.C. 7705) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘, and shall contain such information,’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) S
TUDENT COUNT .—In collecting infor-
mation to determine the eligibility of a local educational agency and the number of feder-ally connected children for the local edu-cational agency, the Secretary shall, in addi-tion to any options provided under section 222.35 of title 34, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or a successor regulation, allow a local educational agency to count the number of 
such children served by the agency as of the date by which the agency requires all stu-dents to register for the school year of the fiscal year for which the application is filed.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’ each place the term appears. 
SEC. 8007. CONSTRUCTION. 
Section 8007 (20 U.S.C. 7707(b)) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
8014(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8014(d)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (I) by redesignating the first subclause (II) 
as subclause (I); and 
(II) by striking ‘‘section 8014(e)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 8014(d)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i)(I), by striking 
‘‘section 8014(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8014(d)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 8014(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8014(d)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(C)(i)(I), by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘(cc) Not less than 10 percent of the prop-
erty in the agency is exempt from State and local taxation under Federal law.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6), by striking subpara-
graph (F). 
SEC. 8008. FACILITIES. 
Section 8008(a) (20 U.S.C. 7708) is amended 
by striking ‘‘section 8014(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8014(e)’’. 
SEC. 8009. STATE CONSIDERATION OF PAYMENTS 
IN PROVIDING STATE AID. 
Section 8009(c)(1)(B) (20 U.S.C. 7709(c)(1)(B)) 
is amended by striking ‘‘and contain the in-formation’’. 
SEC. 8010. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 8013(5)(A) (20 U.S.C. 7713(5)(A)) is 
amended— 
(1) in clause (ii), by striking subclause (III) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(III) conveyed at any time under the Alas-
ka Native Claims Settlement Act to a Native individual, Native group, or village or re-gional corporation (including single family occupancy properties that may have been subsequently sold or leased to a third party), except that property that is conveyed under such Act— 
‘‘(aa) that is not taxed is, for the purposes 
of this paragraph, considered tax-exempt due to Federal law; and 
‘‘(bb) is considered Federal property for the 
purpose of this paragraph if the property is located within a Regional Educational At-tendance Area’’; and 
(2) in clause (iii)— (A) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘Stewart 
B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act’’ and inserting ‘‘McKinney-Vento Homeless Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411)’’; and 
(B) by striking subclause (III) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(III) used for affordable housing assisted 
under the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.); or’’. 
SEC. 8011. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 8014 (20 U.S.C. 7714) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking 
‘‘$32,000,000 for fiscal year 2000 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking 
‘‘$809,400,000 for fiscal year 2000 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; 
(3) in subsection (c), by striking 
‘‘$50,000,000 for fiscal year 2000 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(5) in subsection (d), as redesignated by 
paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘$10,052,000 for fis-cal year 2000 and such sums as may be nec-essary for fiscal year 2001, $150,000,000 for fis-cal year 2002, and such sums as may be nec-essary for each of the five succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; and 
(6) in subsection (e), as redesignated by 
paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000 for fis-cal year 2000 and such sums as may be nec-essary for each of the seven succeeding fiscal years’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’. 
TITLE IX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 9101. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 9101 (20 U.S.C. 7801) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (3), (19), (23), 
(35), (36), (37), and (42); 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), (17), 
(18), (20), (21), (22),(24), (25), (26), (27), (28), (29), (30), (31), (32), (33), (34), (38), (39), (41), and (43) as paragraphs (2), (3), (20), (21), (26), (27), (28), (30), (22), (31), (32), (34), (35), (36), (38), (39), (40), (41), (43), (44), (47) and (48), respectively, and by transferring such paragraph (22), as so 
redesignated, so as to follow such paragraph (21), as so redesignated; 
(3) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(1) 4-
YEAR ADJUSTED COHORT GRADUATION  
RATE .—The term ‘4-year adjusted cohort 
graduation rate’ has the meaning given the term ‘four-year adjusted cohort graduation rate’ in section 200.19(b)(1) of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, as such section was in effect on November 28, 2008.’’; 
(4) by striking paragraph (11) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(11) C
ORE ACADEMIC SUBJECTS .—The term 
‘core academic subjects’ means English, reading or language arts, writing, science, technology, engineering, mathematics, for-eign languages, civics and government, eco-nomics, arts, history, geography, computer science, music, health, and physical edu-cation, and any other subject as determined by the State or local educational agency.’’; 
(5) in paragraph (13)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (B), (E), (G), 
and (K); 
(B) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), 
(D), (F), (H), (I), (J), and (L), as subpara-graphs (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), and (I), re-spectively; and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (G), as 
redesignated by subparagraph (B), the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(H) part G of title V; and’’; (6) by inserting after paragraph (16) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(17) D
UAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLLMENT .— 
The term ‘dual or concurrent enrollment’ means a course or program provided by an institution of higher education through which a student who has not graduated from high school with a regular high school di-ploma is able to earn postsecondary credit. 
‘‘(18) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘early childhood education 
program’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4770 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(19) E ARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘early college high school’ means a for-mal partnership between at least one local educational agency and at least one institu-tion of higher education that allows partici-pants to simultaneously complete require-ments toward earning a regular high school diploma and earn not less than 12 transfer-able credits as part of an organized course of study toward a postsecondary degree or cre-dential at no cost to the participant or par-ticipant’s family.’’. 
(7) in paragraph (22), as redesignated and 
moved by paragraph (2)— 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘L
IMITED ENGLISH PROFICIENT ’’ and inserting 
‘‘ENGLISH LEARNER ’’; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘limited English proficient’’ and inserting ‘‘English learner’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (D)(i), by striking 
‘‘State’s proficient level of achievement on State assessments described in section 1111(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1)’’; 
(8) by inserting after paragraph (22), as 
transferred and redesignated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(23) E
VIDENCE -BASED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘evidence-based’, when used with respect to an activity, means an activity that— 
‘‘(i) demonstrates a statistically signifi-
cant effect on improving student outcomes or other relevant outcomes based on— 
‘‘(I) strong evidence from at least 1 well- 
designed and well-implemented experimental study; 
‘‘(II) moderate evidence from at least 1 
well-designed and well-implemented quasi- experimental study; or 
‘‘(III) promising evidence from at least 1 
well-designed and well-implemented correla-tional study with statistical controls for se-lection bias; or 
‘‘(ii)(I) demonstrates a rationale that is 
based on high-quality research findings that such activity is likely to improve student outcomes or other relevant outcomes; and 
‘‘(II) includes ongoing efforts to examine 
the effects of such activity. 
‘‘(B) D
EFINITION FOR PART A OF TITLE I .— 
For purposes of part A of title I, the term ‘evidence-based’, when used with respect to an activity, means an activity that meets the requirements of subclause (I) or (II) of subparagraph (A)(i). 
‘‘(24) E
XPANDED LEARNING TIME .—The term 
‘expanded learning time’ means using a 
longer school day, week, or year schedule to significantly increase the total number of school hours, in order to include additional time for— 
‘‘(A) instruction and enrichment in core 
academic subjects, other academic subjects, and other activities that contribute to a well-rounded education; and 
‘‘(B) instructional and support staff to col-
laborate, plan, and engage in professional de-velopment (including professional develop-ment on family and community engagement) within and across grades and subjects. 
‘‘(25) E
XTENDED -YEAR ADJUSTED COHORT  
GRADUATION RATE .—The term ‘extended-year 
adjusted cohort graduation rate’ has the meaning given the term in section 200.19(b)(1)(v) of title 34, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, as such section was in effect on No-vember 28, 2008.’’; 
(9) by inserting after paragraph (28), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(29) H
IGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘high school’ 
means a secondary school that— 
‘‘(A) grants a diploma, as defined by the 
State; and 
‘‘(B) includes, at least, grade 12.’’; (10) in paragraph (31), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), in subparagraph (C)— 
(A) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-
ing ‘‘BIA’’ and inserting ‘‘BIE’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Affairs’’ both places the 
term appears and inserting ‘‘Education’’; 
(11) by inserting after paragraph (32), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(33) M ULTI-TIER SYSTEM OF SUPPORTS .— 
The term ‘multi-tier system of supports’ means a comprehensive continuum of evi-dence-based, system-wide practices to sup-port a rapid response to academic and behav-ioral needs, with frequent data-based moni-toring for instructional decisionmaking.’’; 
(12) in paragraph (35), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘pupil services’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instructional sup-port’’; 
(13) in paragraph (36), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘includes the free-
ly associated states’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘includes the Republic of Palau except dur-ing any period for which the Secretary deter-mines that a Compact of Free Association is in effect that contains provisions for edu-cation assistance prohibiting the assistance provided under this Act.’’; 
(14) by inserting after paragraph (36), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(37) P
ARAPROFESSIONAL .—The term ‘para-
professional’, also known as a ‘paraeducator’, includes an education assist-ant and instructional assistant.’’. 
(15) in paragraph (39), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2)— 
(A) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 1118’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1115’’; 
(16) by striking paragraph (41), as redesig-
nated by paragraph (2), and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(41) P
ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT .—The 
term ‘professional development’ means ac-tivities that— 
‘‘(A) are an integral part of school and 
local educational agency strategies for pro-viding educators (including teachers, prin-cipals, other school leaders, specialized in-structional support personnel, paraprofes-sionals, and, as applicable, early childhood educators) with the knowledge and skills necessary to enable students to succeed in the core academic subjects and to meet chal-lenging State academic standards; and 
‘‘(B) are sustained (not stand-alone, 1-day, 
or short term workshops), intensive, collabo-rative, job-embedded, data-driven, class-room-focused, and may include activities that— 
‘‘(i) improve and increase teachers’— ‘‘(I) knowledge of the academic subjects 
the teachers teach; 
‘‘(II) understanding of how students learn; 
and 
‘‘(III) ability to analyze student work and 
achievement from multiple sources, includ-ing how to adjust instructional strategies, assessments, and materials based on such analysis; 
‘‘(ii) are an integral part of broad 
schoolwide and districtwide educational im-provement plans; 
‘‘(iii) allow personalized plans for each edu-
cator to address the educator’s specific needs identified in observation or other feedback; 
‘‘(iv) improve classroom management 
skills; 
‘‘(v) support the recruiting, hiring, and 
training of effective teachers, including teachers who became certified through State and local alternative routes to certification; 
‘‘(vi) advance teacher understanding of— ‘‘(I) effective instructional strategies that 
are evidence-based; and ‘‘(II) strategies for improving student aca-
demic achievement or substantially increas-ing the knowledge and teaching skills of teachers; 
‘‘(vii) are aligned with, and directly related 
to academic goals of the school or local edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(viii) are developed with extensive par-
ticipation of teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, representatives of Indian tribes (as applicable), and administra-tors of schools to be served under this Act; 
‘‘(ix) are designed to give teachers of chil-
dren who are English learners, and other teachers and instructional staff, the knowl-edge and skills to provide instruction and ap-propriate language and academic support services to those children, including the ap-propriate use of curricula and assessments; 
‘‘(x) to the extent appropriate, provide 
training for teachers, principals, and other school leaders in the use of technology (in-cluding education about the harms of copy-right piracy), so that technology and tech-nology applications are effectively used in the classroom to improve teaching and learning in the curricula and academic sub-jects in which the teachers teach; 
‘‘(xi) as a whole, are regularly evaluated 
for their impact on increased teacher effec-tiveness and improved student academic achievement, with the findings of the eval-uations used to improve the quality of pro-fessional development; 
‘‘(xii) are designed to give teachers of chil-
dren with disabilities or children with devel-opmental delays, and other teachers and in-structional staff, the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and academic support services, to those children, including posi-tive behavioral interventions and supports, multi-tiered systems of supports, and use of accommodations; 
‘‘(xiii) include instruction in the use of 
data and assessments to inform and instruct classroom practice; 
‘‘(xiv) include instruction in ways that 
teachers, principals, other school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, and school administrators may work more effectively with parents and families; 
‘‘(xv) involve the forming of partnerships 
with institutions of higher education, includ-ing, as applicable, Tribal Colleges and Uni-versities as defined in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c (b)), to establish school-based teacher, prin-cipal, and other school leader training pro-grams that provide prospective teachers, novice teachers, principals, and other school leaders with an opportunity to work under 
the guidance of experienced teachers, prin-cipals, other school leaders, and faculty of such institutions; 
‘‘(xvi) create programs to enable para-
professionals (assisting teachers employed by a local educational agency receiving as-sistance under part A of title I) to obtain the education necessary for those paraprofes-sionals to become certified and licensed teachers; 
‘‘(xvii) provide follow-up training to teach-
ers who have participated in activities de-scribed in this paragraph that are designed to ensure that the knowledge and skills learned by the teachers are implemented in the classroom; and 
‘‘(xviii) where applicable and practical, 
provide jointly for school staff and other early childhood education program pro-viders, to address the transition to elemen-tary school, including issues related to school readiness.’’; 
(17) by inserting after paragraph (41), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(42) S
CHOOL LEADER .—The term ‘school 
leader’ means a principal, assistant prin-cipal, or other individual who is— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4771 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(A) an employee or officer of an elemen-
tary school or secondary school, local edu-cational agency, or other entity operating an elementary school or secondary school; and 
‘‘(B) responsible for the daily instructional 
leadership and managerial operations in the elementary school or secondary school build-ing.’’; 
(18) by inserting after paragraph (44), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(45) S
PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL ; SPECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUP -
PORT SERVICES .— 
‘‘(A) S PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘specialized instruc-
tional support personnel’ means — 
‘‘(i) school counselors, school social work-
ers, and school psychologists; and 
‘‘(ii) other qualified professional personnel, 
such as school nurses and speech language pathologists, involved in providing assess-ment, diagnosis, counseling, educational, therapeutic, and other necessary services (including related services as that term is defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act) as part of a com-prehensive program to meet student needs. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
SERVICES .—The term ‘specialized instruc-
tional support services’ means the services provided by specialized instructional support personnel.’’; 
(19) by inserting after paragraph (48), as re-
designated by paragraph (2), the following: 
‘‘(49) U
NIVERSAL DESIGN FOR LEARNING .— 
The term ‘universal design for learning’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965.’’; and 
(20) by striking the undesignated para-
graph between paragraphs (45), as added by paragraph (18), and (47), as redesignated by paragraph (2), and inserting the following: 
‘‘(46) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and each of the outlying areas.’’. 
SEC. 9102. APPLICABILITY TO BUREAU OF INDIAN 
EDUCATION OPERATED SCHOOLS. 
Section 9103 (20 U.S.C. 7803) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ BU-
REAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ BU-
REAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION ’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ 
each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’. 
SEC. 9103. CONSOLIDATION OF FUNDS FOR 
LOCAL ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 9203(b) (20 U.S.C. 7823(b)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘Within 1 year after the date of enactment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001, a State’’ and inserting ‘‘A State’’. 
SEC. 9104. RURAL CONSOLIDATED PLAN. 
Section 9305 (20 U.S.C. 7845) is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) R URAL CONSOLIDATED PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Two or more eligible 
local educational agencies, a consortium of eligible local educational service agencies, or an educational service agency on behalf of eligible local educational agencies may sub-mit plans or applications for 1 or more cov-ered programs to the State educational agen-cy on a consolidated basis, if each eligible local educational agency impacted elects to participate in the joint application or elects to allow the educational service agency to apply on its behalf. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CY.—For the purposes of this subsection, the 
term ‘eligible local educational agency’ means a local educational agency that is an eligible local educational agency under part B of title VI.’’. 
SEC. 9105. WAIVERS OF STATUTORY AND REGU-
LATORY REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 9401 (20 U.S.C. 7861) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST FOR WAIVER BY STATE OR IN -
DIAN TRIBE .—A State educational agency or 
Indian tribe that receives funds under a pro-gram authorized under this Act may submit a request to the Secretary to waive any stat-utory or regulatory requirement of this Act. 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AND  
SCHOOL REQUESTS SUBMITTED THROUGH THE  
STATE .— 
‘‘(A) R EQUEST FOR WAIVER BY LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCY .—A local educational agen-
cy that receives funds under a program au-thorized under this Act and desires a waiver of any statutory or regulatory requirement of this Act shall submit a request containing the information described in subsection (b)(1) to the appropriate State educational agency. The State educational agency may then submit the request to the Secretary if the State educational agency determines the waiver appropriate. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUEST FOR WAIVER BY SCHOOL .—An 
elementary school or secondary school that desires a waiver of any statutory or regu-latory requirement of this Act shall submit a request containing the information de-scribed in subsection (b)(1) to the local edu-cational agency serving the school. The local educational agency may then submit the re-quest to the State educational agency in ac-cordance with subparagraph (A) if the local educational agency determines the waiver appropriate. 
‘‘(3) R
ECEIPT OF WAIVER .—Except as pro-
vided in subsection (b)(4) or (c), the Sec-retary may waive any statutory or regu-latory requirement of this Act for which a waiver request is submitted to the Secretary pursuant to this subsection.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘, local educational agen-
cy,’’ and inserting ‘‘, acting on its own behalf or on behalf of a local educational agency in accordance with subsection (a)(2),’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, which shall include a 
plan’’ after ‘‘to the Secretary’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) describes the methods the State edu-
cational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe will use to monitor and regu-larly evaluate the effectiveness of the imple-mentation of the plan; 
‘‘(D) includes only information directly re-
lated to the waiver request on how the State educational agency, local educational agen-cy, or Indian tribe will maintain and im-prove transparency in reporting to parents and the public on student achievement and school performance, including the achieve-ment of students according to each category of students described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi); and’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B)(i)(II), by striking 
‘‘(on behalf of, and based on the requests of, local educational agencies)’’ and inserting ‘‘(on behalf of those agencies or on behalf of, and based on the requests of, local edu-cational agencies in the State)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘or on behalf of local educational agencies in the State under subsection (a)(2),’’ after ‘‘acting on its own behalf,’’; and 
(II) in clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘all interested local edu-
cational agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘any inter-ested local educational agency’’; and 
(bb) by inserting ‘‘, to the extent that the 
request impacts the local educational agen-cy’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘re-
viewed by the State educational agency’’ and inserting ‘‘reviewed and approved by the State educational agency in accordance with subsection (a)(2) before being submitted to the Secretary’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) W
AIVER DETERMINATION , DEMONSTRA -
TION, AND REVISION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
issue a written determination regarding the approval or disapproval of a waiver request not more than 90 days after the date on which such request is submitted, unless the Secretary determines and demonstrates that— 
‘‘(i) the waiver request does not meet the 
requirements of this section; or 
‘‘(ii) the waiver is not permitted under sub-
section (c). 
‘‘(B) W
AIVER DETERMINATION AND REVI -
SION.—If the Secretary determines and dem-
onstrates that the waiver request does not meet the requirements of this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) immediately— ‘‘(I) notify the State educational agency, 
local educational agency (through the State educational agency), or Indian tribe, as ap-plicable, of such determination; and 
‘‘(II) provide detailed reasons for such de-
termination in writing and in a public man-ner, such as posting to the Department’s website in a clear and easily accessible man-ner; 
‘‘(ii) offer the State educational agency, 
local educational agency (through the State educational agency), or Indian tribe an op-portunity to revise and resubmit the waiver request by a date that is not more than 60 days after the date of such determination; and 
‘‘(iii) if the Secretary determines that the 
resubmission does not meet the require-ments of this section, at the request of the State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe, conduct a public hearing not more than 30 days after the date of such resubmission. 
‘‘(C) W
AIVER DISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary 
may disapprove a waiver request if— 
‘‘(i) the State educational agency, local 
educational agency, or Indian tribe has been notified and offered an opportunity to revise and resubmit the waiver request, as de-scribed under clauses (i) and (ii) of subpara-graph (B); and 
‘‘(ii) the State educational agency, local 
educational agency (through the State edu-cational agency), or Indian tribe— 
‘‘(I) does not revise and resubmit the waiv-
er request; or 
‘‘(II) revises and resubmits the waiver re-
quest, and the Secretary determines that such waiver request does not meet the re-quirements of this section after a hearing conducted under subparagraph (B)(iii). 
‘‘(D) E
XTERNAL CONDITIONS .—The Secretary 
shall not disapprove a waiver request under this section based on conditions outside the scope of the waiver request.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘subpart 1 
of part B of title V’’ and inserting ‘‘part A of title V’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘sub-
sections (a) and (b) of section 1113’’ and in-sert ‘‘section 1113(a)’’ both places the term appears; 
(4) in subsection (d)— (A) in the subsection heading, by adding ‘‘; 
L
IMITATIONS ’’ after ‘‘W AIVER ’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIC LIMITATIONS .—The Secretary 
shall not place any requirements on a State educational agency, local educational agen-cy, or Indian tribe as a condition, criterion, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4772 July 7, 2015 
or priority for the approval of a waiver re-
quest, unless such requirements are— 
‘‘(A) otherwise requirements under this 
Act; and 
‘‘(B) directly related to the waiver re-
quest.’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) R EPORTS .—A State educational agen-
cy, local educational agency, or Indian tribe receiving a waiver under this section shall describe, as part of, and pursuant to, the re-quired annual reporting under section 1111(d)— 
‘‘(1) the progress of schools covered under 
the provisions of such waiver toward improv-ing the quality of instruction to students and increasing student academic achieve-ment; and 
‘‘(2) how the use of the waiver has contrib-
uted to such progress.’’; 
(6) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘if the 
Secretary determines’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘if, after notice and an oppor-tunity for a hearing, the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) presents substantial evidence that 
clearly demonstrates that the waiver is not contributing to the progress of schools de-scribed in subsection (e)(1); or 
‘‘(B) determines that the waiver is no 
longer necessary to achieve its original pur-poses.’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) E
FFECT OF ENACTMENT OF ECAA ON 
WAIVER REQUIREMENTS AND CONDITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any requirement or con-
dition of any waiver agreement entered into by a State, local educational agency, or In-dian tribe with the Secretary, as authorized under this section, between September 23, 2011, and the day before the effective date of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 shall be void and have no force of law if such require-ment or condition is not otherwise a require-ment or condition under this Act. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (1) shall be construed as voiding any waiver granted by the Secretary under this section before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015 that is not voided under paragraph (1), which shall remain in effect for the period of time speci-fied under the waiver.’’. 
SEC. 9106. PLAN APPROVAL PROCESS. 
Title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating parts E and F as parts 
F and G, respectively; 
(2) in section 9573— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘early 
childhood development (Head Start) serv-ices’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood edu-cation programs’’; 
(B) in subsection (c)(2)— (i) in the paragraph heading by striking 
‘‘
DEVELOPMENT SERVICES ’’ and inserting 
‘‘EDUCATION PROGRAMS ’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘development (Head Start) 
services’’ and inserting ‘‘education pro-grams’’; and 
(C) in subsection (e), as redesignated by 
section 4001(5), in paragraph (3), by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) such other matters as justice may re-
quire.’’; and 
(3) by inserting after section 9401 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘PART E—APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL 
OF STATE PLANS AND LOCAL APPLICA-TIONS 
‘‘SEC. 9451. APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF 
STATE PLANS. 
‘‘(a) D EEMED APPROVAL .—A plan submitted 
by a State pursuant to section 2101(d), 4103(d), or 9302 shall be deemed to be ap-proved by the Secretary unless— ‘‘(1) the Secretary makes a written deter-
mination, prior to the expiration of the 90- day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary received the plan, that the plan is not in compliance with section 2101(d) or 4103(d) or part C, respectively; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary presents substantial evi-
dence that clearly demonstrates that such State plan does not meet the requirements of 
section 2101(d) or 4103(d) or part C, respec-tively. 
‘‘(b) D
ISAPPROVAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not 
finally disapprove a plan submitted under section 2101(d), 4103(d), or 9302, except after giving the State educational agency notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATIONS .—If the Secretary finds 
that the plan is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with section 2101(d) or 4103(d) or part C, as applicable, the Secretary shall– 
‘‘(A) immediately notify the State of such 
determination; 
‘‘(B) provide a detailed description of the 
specific provisions of the plan that the Sec-retary determines fail to meet the require-ments, in whole or in part, of such section or part, as applicable; 
‘‘(C) offer the State an opportunity to re-
vise and resubmit its plan within 45 days of such determination, including the chance for the State to present substantial evidence to clearly demonstrate that the State plan meets the requirements of such section or part, as applicable; 
‘‘(D) provide technical assistance, upon re-
quest of the State, in order to assist the State to meet the requirements of such sec-tion or part, as applicable; 
‘‘(E) conduct a public hearing within 30 
days of the plan’s resubmission under sub-paragraph (C), with public notice provided not less than 15 days before such hearing, un-less a State declines the opportunity for such public hearing; and 
‘‘(F) request additional information, only 
as to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the plan compliant. 
‘‘(3) R
ESPONSE .—If the State educational 
agency responds to the Secretary’s notifica-tion described in paragraph (2)(A) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the State educational agency received the notification, and resubmits the plan with the requested information described in para-graph (2)(C), the Secretary shall approve or disapprove such plan prior to the later of— 
‘‘(A) the expiration of the 45-day period be-
ginning on the date on which the plan is re-submitted; or 
‘‘(B) the expiration of the 90-day period de-
scribed in subsection (a). 
‘‘(4) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the State 
educational agency does not respond to the Secretary’s notification described in para-graph (2)(A) during the 45-day period begin-ning on the date on which the State edu-cational agency received the notification, such plan shall be deemed to be disapproved. 
‘‘(c) P
EER-REVIEW REQUIREMENTS .—Not-
withstanding any other requirements of this part, the Secretary shall ensure that any portion of a consolidated State plan that is related to part A of title I is subject to the peer-review process described in section 1111(a)(3). 
‘‘SEC. 9452. APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF 
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AP-PLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) D EEMED APPROVAL .—An application 
submitted by a local educational agency pur-suant to section 2102(b), 4104(b), or 9305, shall be deemed to be approved by the State edu-cational agency unless— 
‘‘(1) the State educational agency makes a 
written determination, prior to the expira-tion of the 90-day period beginning on the date on which the State educational agency received the application, that the applica-
tion is not in compliance with section 2102(b) or 4104(b), or part C, respectively; and 
‘‘(2) the State presents substantial evi-
dence that clearly demonstrates that such application does not meet the requirements of section 2102(b) or 4104(b), or part C, respec-tively. 
‘‘(b) D
ISAPPROVAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The State educational 
agency shall not finally disapprove an appli-cation submitted under section 2102(b), 4104(b), or 9305 except after giving the local educational agency notice and opportunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATIONS .—If the State edu-
cational agency finds that the application submitted under section 2102(b), 4104(b), or 9305 is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with section 2102(b) or 4104(b), or part C, re-spectively, the State educational agency shall— 
‘‘(A) immediately notify the local edu-
cational agency of such determination; 
‘‘(B) provide a detailed description of the 
specific provisions of the application that the State determines fail to meet the re-quirements, in whole or in part, of such sec-tion or part, as applicable; 
‘‘(C) offer the local educational agency an 
opportunity to revise and resubmit its appli-cation within 45 days of such determination, including the chance for the local edu-cational agency to present substantial evi-dence to clearly demonstrate that the appli-cation meets the requirements of such sec-tion or part; 
‘‘(D) provide technical assistance, upon re-
quest of the local educational agency, in order to assist the local educational agency to meet the requirements of such section or part, as applicable; 
‘‘(E) conduct a public hearing within 30 
days of the application’s resubmission under subparagraph (C), with public notice pro-vided not less than 15 days before such hear-ing, unless a local educational agency de-clines the opportunity for such public hear-
ing; and 
‘‘(F) request additional information, only 
as to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
‘‘(3) R
ESPONSE .—If the local educational 
agency responds to the State educational agency’s notification described in paragraph (2)(A) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the local educational agency received the notification, and resub-mits the application with the requested in-formation described in paragraph (2)(C), the State educational agency shall approve or disapprove such application prior to the later of— 
‘‘(A) the expiration of the 45-day period be-
ginning on the date on which the application is resubmitted; or 
‘‘(B) the expiration of the 90-day period de-
scribed in subsection (a). 
‘‘(4) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the local edu-
cational agency does not respond to the State educational agency’s notification de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the local educational agency received the notifi-cation, such application shall be deemed to be disapproved.’’. 
SEC. 9107. PARTICIPATION BY PRIVATE SCHOOL 
CHILDREN AND TEACHERS. 
Section 9501 (20 U.S.C. 7881) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-
graphs (A) through (H) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) part C of title I; ‘‘(B) part A of title II; ‘‘(C) part E of title II; ‘‘(D) part A of title III; ‘‘(E) parts A and B of title IV; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4773 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(F) part G of title V.’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3); and (2) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (E)— (i) by striking ‘‘and the amount’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, the amount’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘services; and’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘services, and how that amount is deter-mined;’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) whether the agency, consortium, or 
entity shall provide services directly or as-sign responsibility for the provision of serv-ices to a separate government agency, con-sortium, or entity, or to a third-party con-tractor.’’. 
SEC. 9108. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT. 
Section 9521 (20 U.S.C. 7901) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, subject 
to the requirements of subsection (b)’’ after ‘‘for the second preceding fiscal year’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting before 
the period at the end the following: ‘‘, if such local educational agency has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the local agency) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘or a 
change in the organizational structure of the local educational agency’’ after ‘‘, such as a natural disaster’’. 
SEC. 9109. SCHOOL PRAYER. 
Section 9524(a) (20 U.S.C. 7904(a)) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘on the Internet’’ and insert-ing ‘‘by electronic means, including by post-ing the guidance on the Department’s website in a clear and easily accessible man-ner’’. 
SEC. 9110. PROHIBITIONS ON FEDERAL GOVERN-
MENT AND USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS. 
Section 9527 (20 U.S.C. 7907) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9527. PROHIBITIONS ON FEDERAL GOVERN-
MENT AND USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL PROHIBITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Nothing in this Act shall 
be construed to authorize an officer or em-ployee of the Federal Government, through grants, contracts, or other cooperative agreements (including as a condition of any waiver provided under section 9401) to— 
‘‘(A) mandate, direct, or control a State, 
local educational agency, or school’s cur-riculum, program of instruction, instruc-tional content, specific academic standards or assessments, or allocation of State or local resources, or mandate a State or any subdivision thereof to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act; 
‘‘(B) incentivize a State, local educational 
agency, or school to adopt any specific in-structional content, academic standards, academic assessments, curriculum, or pro-gram of instruction, including by providing any priority, preference, or special consider-ation during the application process for any grant, contract, or cooperative agreement that is based on the adoption of any specific instructional content, academic standards, academic assessments, curriculum, or pro-gram of instruction; or 
‘‘(C) make financial support available in a 
manner that is conditioned upon a State, local educational agency, or school’s adop-tion of any specific instructional content, academic standards, academic assessments, curriculum, or program of instruction (such as the Common Core State Standards devel-oped under the Common Core State Stand-ards Initiative, any other standards common to a significant number of States, or any spe-cific assessment, instructional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards). 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON ENDORSEMENT OF CUR-
RICULUM .—Notwithstanding any other prohi-bition of Federal law, no funds provided to 
the Department under this Act may be used by the Department directly or indirectly, in-cluding through any grant, contract, cooper-ative agreement, or waiver provided by the Secretary under section 9401, to endorse, ap-prove, or sanction any curriculum (including the alignment of such curriculum to any spe-cific academic standard) designed to be used 
in an early childhood education program, el-ementary school, secondary school, or insti-tution of higher education. 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION ON REQUIRING FEDERAL  
APPROVAL OR CERTIFICATION OF STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of Federal law, no State shall be required to have academic content or academic achievement standards approved or certified by the Federal Government, in order to receive assistance under this Act. 
‘‘(2) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(A) A PPLICABILITY .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed to affect require-ments under title I. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE OR LOCAL AUTHORITY .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed to prohibit a State, local educational agency, or school from using funds provided under this Act for the development or implementation of any instructional content, academic standards, academic assessments, curriculum, or pro-gram of instruction that a State, local edu-cational agency, or school chooses, as per-mitted under State and local law, as long as the use of such funds is consistent with the terms of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement providing such funds. 
‘‘(3) B
UILDING STANDARDS .—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to mandate national school building standards for a State, local educational agency, or school.’’. 
SEC. 9111. ARMED FORCES RECRUITER ACCESS 
TO STUDENTS AND STUDENT RE-CRUITING INFORMATION. 
Section 9528 (20 U.S.C. 7908) is amended by 
striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 9112. PROHIBITION ON FEDERALLY SPON-
SORED TESTING. 
Section 9529 (20 U.S.C. 7909) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9529. PROHIBITION ON FEDERALLY SPON-
SORED TESTING. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL PROHIBITION .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of Federal law and except as provided in subsection (b), no funds provided under this Act to the Sec-retary or to the recipient of any award may be used to develop, incentivize, pilot test, field test, implement, administer, or dis-tribute any federally sponsored national test in reading, mathematics, or any other sub-ject, unless specifically and explicitly au-thorized by law, including any assessment or testing materials aligned to the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative or any other academic standards common to a significant number of States. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to international comparative assess-ments developed under the authority of sec-tion 153(a)(6) of the Education Sciences Re-form Act of 2002 and administered to only a representative sample of pupils in the United States and in foreign nations. 
‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to prohibit a State, local educational agency, or school from using funds provided under this Act for the development or implementation of any instructional content, academic standards, academic assessments, curriculum, or pro-gram of instruction that a State or local educational agency or school chooses, as per-mitted under State and local law, as long as the use of such funds is consistent with the terms of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement providing such funds.’’. SEC. 9113. LIMITATIONS ON NATIONAL TESTING 
OR CERTIFICATION FOR TEACHERS. 
Section 9530(a) (20 U.S.C. 7910(a)) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘, principals,’’ after 
‘‘teachers’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘, or incentive regarding,’’ 
after ‘‘administration of’’. 
SEC. 9114. CONSULTATION WITH INDIAN TRIBES 
AND TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by section 4001(3), and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9538. CONSULTATION WITH INDIAN TRIBES 
AND TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To ensure timely and 
meaningful consultation on issues affecting American Indian and Alaska Native stu-dents, an affected local educational agency shall consult with appropriate officials from Indian tribes or tribal organizations ap-proved by the tribes located in the area served by the local educational agency dur-ing the design and development of the af-fected local educational agency’s programs under this Act, with the overarching goal of meeting the unique cultural, language, and educational needs of American Indian and Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(b) T
IMING .—The consultation described 
in subsection (a) shall include meetings of officials from the affected local educational agency and the tribes or tribal organizations approved by the tribes and shall occur before the affected local educational agency makes any decision regarding how the needs of American Indian and Alaska Native children will be met in covered programs or in serv-ices or activities provided under title VII. 
‘‘(c) D
OCUMENTATION .—Each affected local 
educational agency shall maintain in the agency’s records and provide to the State educational agency a written affirmation signed by officials of the participating tribes or tribal organizations approved by the tribes that the consultation required by this section has occurred. If such officials do not provide such affirmation within a reasonable period of time, the affected local educational agency shall forward documentation that such consultation has taken place to the State educational agency. 
‘‘(d) A
FFECTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CY.—In this section, the term ‘affected local 
educational agency’ means a local edu-cational agency— 
‘‘(1) with an enrollment of American In-
dian or Alaska Native students that is not less than 50 percent of the total enrollment of the local educational agency; or 
‘‘(2) with an enrollment of not less than 50 
American Indian or Alaska Native stu-dents.’’. 
SEC. 9115. OUTREACH AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE FOR RURAL LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections 4001(3) and 9114, and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9539. OUTREACH AND TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE FOR RURAL LOCAL EDU-CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) O UTREACH .—The Secretary shall en-
gage in outreach to rural local educational agencies regarding opportunities to apply for competitive grant programs under this Act. 
‘‘(b) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—If requested 
to do so, the Secretary shall provide tech-nical assistance to rural local educational agencies with locale codes 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, or an educational service agency rep-resenting rural local educational agencies with locale codes 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43 on appli-cations or pre-applications for any competi-tive grant program under this Act. No rural 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4774 July 7, 2015 
local educational agency or educational 
service agency shall be required to request technical assistance or include any technical assistance provided by the Secretary in any application.’’. 
SEC. 9116. EVALUATIONS. 
Section 9601 (20 U.S.C. 7941) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9601. EVALUATIONS. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Except as 
provided in subsection (b) and (e), the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, may re-serve not more than 0.5 percent of the amount appropriated for each program au-thorized under this Act to carry out activi-ties under this section. If the Secretary elects to make a reservation under this sub-section, the reserved amounts— 
‘‘(1) shall first be used by the Secretary, 
acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences, to— 
‘‘(A) conduct comprehensive, high-quality 
evaluations of the programs that— 
‘‘(i) are consistent with the evaluation 
plan under subsection (d); and 
‘‘(ii) primarily include impact evaluations 
that use experimental or quasi-experimental designs, where practicable and appropriate, and other rigorous methodologies that per-mit the strongest possible causal inferences; 
‘‘(B) conduct studies of the effectiveness of 
the programs and the administrative impact of the programs on schools and local edu-cational agencies; and 
‘‘(C) widely disseminate evaluation find-
ings under this section related to programs authorized under this Act— 
‘‘(i) in a timely fashion; ‘‘(ii) in forms that are understandable, eas-
ily accessible, and usable, or adaptable for use in, the improvement of educational prac-tice; 
‘‘(iii) through electronic transfer and other 
means, such as posting, as available, to the websites of State educational agencies, local educational agencies, the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, or the Department, or in an-other relevant place; and 
‘‘(iv) in a manner that promotes the utili-
zation of such findings; and 
‘‘(2) may be used by the Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences— 
‘‘(A) to evaluate the aggregate short- and 
long-term effects and cost efficiencies across— 
‘‘(i) Federal programs assisted or author-
ized under this Act; and 
‘‘(ii) related Federal early childhood edu-
cation programs, preschool programs, ele-mentary school programs, and secondary school programs, under any other Federal law; 
‘‘(B) to increase the usefulness of the eval-
uations conducted under this section by im-proving the quality, timeliness, efficiency, and use of information relating to perform-ance to promote continuous improvement of programs assisted or authorized under this Act; and 
‘‘(C) to assist recipients of grants under 
such programs in collecting and analyzing data and other activities related to con-ducting high-quality evaluations under para-graph (1). 
‘‘(b) T
ITLE I.—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, shall use funds authorized under section 1002(e) to carry out evaluation activities under this section related to title I, and shall not reserve any other money from such title for evaluation. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSOLIDATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section or section 1002(e), the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences— ‘‘(1) may consolidate the funds reserved 
under subsections (a) and (b) for purposes of carrying out the activities under subsection (a)(1); and 
‘‘(2) shall not be required to evaluate under 
subsection (a)(1) each program authorized under this Act each year. 
‘‘(d) E
VALUATION PLAN.—The Director of 
the Institute of Education Sciences, shall, on a biennial basis, develop, submit to Congress, and make publicly available an evaluation plan, that— 
‘‘(1) describes the specific activities that 
will be carried out under subsection (a) for the 2-year period applicable to the plan, and the timelines of such activities; 
‘‘(2) contains the results of the activities 
carried out under subsection (a) for the most recent 2-year period; and 
‘‘(3) describes how programs authorized 
under this Act will be regularly evaluated. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION ACTIVITIES AUTHORIZED  
ELSEWHERE .—If, under any other provision of 
this Act, funds are authorized to be reserved or used for evaluation activities with respect to a program, the Secretary may not reserve additional funds under this section for the evaluation of that program.’’. 
TITLE X—EDUCATION FOR HOMELESS 
CHILDREN AND YOUTHS; OTHER LAWS; MISCELLANEOUS 
PART A—EDUCATION FOR HOMELESS 
CHILDREN AND YOUTH 
SEC. 10101. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
Section 721 of the McKinney-Vento Home-
less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘In any 
State’’ and all that follows through ‘‘will re-view’’ and inserting ‘‘In any State where compulsory residency requirements or other requirements, in laws, regulations, practices, or policies, may act as a barrier to the iden-tification of, or enrollment, attendance, or success in school of homeless children and youths, the State educational agency and local educational agencies in the State will review’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘alone’’; 
and 
(3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State academic standards’’. 
SEC. 10102. GRANTS FOR STATE AND LOCAL AC-
TIVITIES. 
Section 722 of the McKinney-Vento Home-
less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (b) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) S TUDENTS IN TERRITORIES .—The Sec-
retary is authorized to reserve 0.1 percent of the amount appropriated for each fiscal year under section 726, to be allocated by the Sec-retary among the United States Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, according to their respective needs for as-sistance under this subtitle, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) I
NDIAN STUDENTS .— 
‘‘(A) T RANSFER .—The Secretary shall 
transfer 1 percent of the amount appro-priated for each fiscal year under section 726 to the Department of the Interior. The trans-ferred funds shall be used for programs for Indian students served by schools funded by the Secretary of the Interior, as determined under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.), that are consistent with the purposes of the programs described in this subtitle. 
‘‘(B) A
GREEMENT .—The Secretary of Edu-
cation and the Secretary of the Interior shall enter into an agreement, consistent with the requirements of this subtitle, for the dis-
tribution and use of the transferred funds under terms that the Secretary of Education determines best meet the purposes of the programs described in this subtitle. Such agreement shall set forth the plans of the Secretary of the Interior for the use of the amounts transferred, including appropriate goals, objectives, and milestones.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(B) by striking the subsection heading and 
all that follows through paragraph (2) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(c) A
LLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to allot to each State for a fiscal year an amount that bears the same ratio to the amount appropriated for such year under section 726 that remains after the Secretary reserves funds under subsection (b) and uses funds to carry out subsections (d) and (h) of section 724, as the amount allocated under section 1122 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6332) to the State for that year bears to the total amount allocated under section 1122 of such Act to all States for that year, except as pro-vided in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM ALLOTMENTS .—Subject to 
paragraph (3), no State shall receive less under this subsection for a fiscal year than the greatest of— 
‘‘(A) $150,000; ‘‘(B) one-fourth of 1 percent of the amount 
appropriated under section 726 for that year; or 
‘‘(C) the amount such State received under 
this section for fiscal year 2001. 
‘‘(3) R
EDUCTION FOR INSUFFICIENT FUNDS .—If 
there are insufficient funds in a fiscal year to allot to each State the minimum amount under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall rat-ably reduce the allotments to all States based on the proportionate share that each State received under this subsection for the preceding fiscal year.’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘To provide’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘that enable’’ and inserting ‘‘To provide services and activities to im-prove the identification of homeless children and youths (including preschool-aged home-less children) and enable’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or, if’’ and inserting ‘‘in-
cluding, if’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘des-
ignate’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘designate in the State educational agency an Office of the Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths that can suf-ficiently carry out the duties described for the Office in this subtitle.’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(2)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (E)(ii)(II), by striking 
‘‘subsection (g)(6)(A)(v)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (g)(6)(A)(vi)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (F)(iii), by striking 
‘‘Not later’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Sec-retary’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (f) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(f) F
UNCTIONS OF THE OFFICE OF THE COOR-
DINATOR .—The Coordinator for Education of 
Homeless Children and Youths established in each State shall— 
‘‘(1) gather and make publicly available re-
liable, valid, and comprehensive information on— 
‘‘(A) the number of homeless children and 
youths identified in the State, which shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4775 July 7, 2015 
posted annually on the State educational 
agency’s website; 
‘‘(B) the nature and extent of the problems 
homeless children and youths have in gain-ing access to public preschool programs and to public elementary schools and secondary schools; 
‘‘(C) the difficulties in identifying the spe-
cial needs and barriers to the participation and achievement of such children and youths; 
‘‘(D) any progress made by the State edu-
cational agency and local educational agen-cies in the State in addressing such problems and difficulties; and 
‘‘(E) the success of the programs under this 
subtitle in identifying homeless children and youths and allowing such children and youths to enroll in, attend, and succeed in, school; 
‘‘(2) develop and carry out the State plan 
described in subsection (g); 
‘‘(3) collect data for and transmit to the 
Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require, a report containing information necessary to assess the educational needs of homeless children and youths within the State, includ-ing data necessary for the Secretary to ful-fill the responsibilities under section 724(h); 
‘‘(4) in order to improve the provision of 
comprehensive education and related serv-ices to homeless children and youths and their families, coordinate activities and col-laborate with— 
‘‘(A) educators, including teachers, special 
education personnel, administrators, and child development and preschool program personnel; 
‘‘(B) providers of services to homeless chil-
dren and youths and their families, including services of public and private child welfare and social services agencies, law enforce-ment agencies, juvenile and family courts, agencies providing mental health services, domestic violence agencies, child care pro-viders, runaway and homeless youth centers, and providers of services and programs fund-ed under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); 
‘‘(C) providers of emergency, transitional, 
and permanent housing to homeless children and youths, and their families, including public housing agencies, shelter operators, operators of transitional housing facilities, and providers of transitional living programs for homeless youths; 
‘‘(D) local educational agency liaisons des-
ignated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii) for homeless children and youths; and 
‘‘(E) community organizations and groups 
representing homeless children and youths and their families; 
‘‘(5) provide technical assistance to and 
conduct monitoring of local educational agencies in coordination with local edu-cational agency liaisons designated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii), to ensure that local educational agencies comply with the re-quirements of subsection (e)(3) and para-graphs (3) through (7) of subsection (g); 
‘‘(6) provide professional development op-
portunities for local educational agency per-sonnel and the local educational agency liai-son designated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii) to assist such personnel and liaison in identi-fying and meeting the needs of homeless children and youths; and 
‘‘(7) respond to inquiries from parents and 
guardians of homeless children and youths, including (in the case of unaccompanied youths) such youths, to ensure that each child or youth who is the subject of such an inquiry receives the full protections and services provided by this subtitle.’’; 
(6) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘achievement’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘spe-
cial’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘(including’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘personnel)’’ and inserting ‘‘(including liaisons designated under sub-paragraph (J)(ii), principals and school lead-ers, attendance officers, teachers, enroll-ment personnel, and specialized instruc-tional support personnel)’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘of runaway and homeless 
youths’’ and inserting ‘‘of homeless children and youths, including such children and youths who are runaway and homeless youths’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (E), by striking 
‘‘food’’ and inserting ‘‘nutrition’’; 
(v) in subparagraph (F)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘equal’’ and all 
that follows and inserting ‘‘access to the same public preschool programs, adminis-tered by the State educational agency or local educational agency, as are provided to other children in the State, including ensur-ing that access by having the administering agency carry out the policies and practices required under paragraph (3);’’; 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘services; 
and’’ and inserting ‘‘services, including through the implementation of policies and practices to ensure that youths described in this clause are able to receive appropriate credit for full or partial coursework satisfac-torily completed while attending a prior school, in accordance with State, local, and school policies;’’; and 
(III) by striking clause (iii) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(iii) homeless children and youths who 
meet the relevant eligibility criteria have access to magnet school, summer school, ca-reer and technical education, dual or concur-rent enrollment opportunities, early college high school, advanced placement, online learning, and charter school programs, if such programs are available at the State or local levels; and 
‘‘(iv) the State educational agency and 
local educational agencies will adopt policies and practices to promote school success for homeless children and youth, including pro-viding access to full participation in the aca-demic and extracurricular activities that are made available to students who are not homeless children and youth.’’; 
(vi) in subparagraph (H)(i), by striking 
‘‘medical’’ and inserting ‘‘other health’’; 
(vii) in subparagraph (I)— (I) by striking ‘‘enrollment’’ and inserting 
‘‘identification of homeless children and youths, and the enrollment,’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘State.’’ and inserting 
‘‘State, including barriers related to fees, fines, absences, and credit accrual policies.’’; and 
(viii) in subparagraph (J)— (I) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘to carry out’’ 
and inserting ‘‘and assurances that the liai-son will have sufficient training and time to carry out’’; 
(II) in clause (iii), in the matter preceding 
subclause (I), by striking ‘‘origin, as deter-mined in paragraph (3)(A),’’ and inserting ‘‘origin (within the meaning of paragraph (3)(A)), which may include a preschool,’’; and 
(III) in subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (iii), 
by striking ‘‘homeless’’ each place it ap-pears; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i)(I), by striking 
‘‘or’’ at the end and inserting ‘‘and’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘B
EST INTEREST ’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘S CHOOL STABILITY ’’; 
(II) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause 
(iv); (III) by striking clauses (i) and (ii) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(i) presume that keeping the child or 
youth in the school of origin is in the child’s or youth’s best interest, except when doing so is contrary to the request of the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian, or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth; 
‘‘(ii) consider factors related to the child’s 
or youth’s best interest, including factors re-lated to the impact of mobility on achieve-ment, health, and safety of homeless chil-dren and youth, giving priority to the re-quest of the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth; 
‘‘(iii) if after carrying out clauses (i) and 
(ii) the local educational agency sends the child or youth to a school other than the school of origin or a school requested as de-scribed in clause (ii), provide a written ex-planation, including a statement regarding the right to appeal under subparagraph (E), to the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian, or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth; and’’; and 
(IV) in that clause (iv), by inserting ‘‘and 
takes into account’’ after ‘‘considers’’; 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) I
MMEDIATE ENROLLMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The school selected in 
accordance with this paragraph shall imme-diately enroll the homeless child or youth, even if the child or youth— 
‘‘(I) is unable to produce records normally 
required for enrollment, such as previous academic records, records of immunization and other required health records, proof of residency, or other documentation; or 
‘‘(II) has missed application or enrollment 
deadlines during any period of homelessness. 
‘‘(ii) R
ELEVANT ACADEMIC RECORDS .—The 
enrolling school shall immediately contact the school last attended by the child or youth to obtain relevant academic and other records. 
‘‘(iii) R
ELEVANT HEALTH RECORDS .—If the 
child or youth needs to obtain immuniza-tions or health records, the enrolling school shall immediately refer the parent or guard-ian of the child or youth or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth, to the local educational agency liaison designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii), who shall assist in obtaining necessary immunizations or screenings, or health records, in accordance with subparagraph (D).’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (D)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘medical records’’ and inserting 
‘‘health records’’; and 
(II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘involved’’ 
after ‘‘records’’; 
(v) in subparagraph (E)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘If’’ and all that follows through ‘‘school—’’ and inserting ‘‘If a dispute arises over eligibility for enrollment, school selec-tion, or enrollment in a public school, in-cluding a public preschool—’’; 
(II) in clause (i), by inserting before the 
semicolon the following: ‘‘, including all available appeals’’; and 
(III) by striking clause (ii) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(ii) the parent or guardian of the child or 
youth or (in the case of an unaccompanied youth) the youth shall be provided with a written explanation of any decisions related to school selection or enrollment made by the school, the local educational agency, or the State educational agency involved, in-cluding the rights of the parent, guardian, or unaccompanied youth to appeal such deci-sions;’’; 
(vi) by striking subparagraph (G) and in-
serting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4776 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(G) P RIVACY .—Information about a home-
less child’s or youth’s living situation shall be treated as a student education record, and not as directory information, under section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g).’’; and 
(vii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) S
CHOOL OF ORIGIN DEFINED .—In this 
paragraph: 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘school of ori-
gin’ means the school that a child or youth attended when permanently housed or the school in which the child or youth was last enrolled. 
‘‘(ii) R
ECEIVING SCHOOL .—In the case of a 
child or youth who completed the final grade level served by the school of origin, as de-scribed in clause (i), the term ‘school of ori-gin’ shall include the designated receiving school at the next grade level.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4)— 
(i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before 
the period the following ‘‘, which may in-clude transportation to a preschool’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and 
educational’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘educational programs for English learn-ers, charter school programs, and magnet school programs.’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘vo-
cational’’ and inserting ‘‘career’’; 
(D) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘programs pro-
viding’’ and inserting ‘‘entities providing’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘such as 
transportation or’’ and inserting ‘‘including transportation and’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
clauses (ii) and (iii), respectively; 
(II) by inserting before clause (ii), as redes-
ignated by subclause (I), the following: 
‘‘(i) ensure that all homeless children and 
youths are promptly identified;’’; and 
(III) in clause (ii), as redesignated by sub-
clause (I), by striking ‘‘have access and’’ and inserting ‘‘have access to and are in’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) H
OMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTHS WITH  
DISABILITIES .—For children and youths who 
are to be assisted both under this subtitle, and under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), each local educational agency shall coordinate the provision of services under this subtitle with the provision of programs for children with disabilities served by that local edu-cational agency and other involved local educational agencies.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by redesignating clauses (iv) through 
(vii) as clauses (v) through (viii), respec-tively; 
(II) by striking clause (iii) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(iii) homeless families and homeless chil-
dren and youths have access to and receive educational services for which such families, children, and youths are eligible, including services through Head Start programs (in-cluding Early Head Start programs) under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), early intervention services under part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), and other pre-school programs administered by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(iv) homeless families and homeless chil-
dren and youths receive referrals to health care services, dental services, mental health and substance abuse services, housing serv-ices, and other appropriate services;’’; 
(III) by striking clause (vi), as redesignated 
by subclause (I), and inserting the following: ‘‘(vi) public notice of the educational 
rights of homeless children and youths is dis-seminated in locations frequented by parents and guardians of such children and youths, and unaccompanied youths, including schools, shelters, public libraries, and soup kitchens, in a manner and form understand-able to the parents and guardians of home-less children and youths, and unaccompanied youths;’’; 
(IV) in clause (vii), as redesignated by sub-
clause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(V) in clause (viii), as redesignated by sub-
clause (I), by striking the period and insert-ing a semicolon; and 
(VI) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ix) school personnel providing services 
under this subtitle receive professional de-velopment and other support; and 
‘‘(x) unaccompanied youths— ‘‘(I) are enrolled in school; ‘‘(II) have opportunities to meet the same 
challenging State academic standards as the State establishes for other children and youth, including through implementation of the procedures under paragraph (1)(F)(ii); and 
‘‘(III) are informed of their status as inde-
pendent students under section 480 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087vv) and may obtain assistance to receive verification of such status for purposes of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid described in section 483 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1090).’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and 
advocates’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘advocates working with homeless families, parents and guardians of homeless children and youths, and homeless children and youths who are in secondary school, of the duties of the local educational agency liai-sons, and publish an annually updated list of the liaisons on the State educational agen-cy’s website.’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (C), by adding at the 
end the following: ‘‘Such coordination shall include collecting and providing to the State coordinator the reliable, valid, and com-prehensive information and data needed to meet the requirements of paragraphs (1) and 
(3) of subsection (f).’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) P
ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT .—As de-
termined appropriate by the State coordi-nator, the local educational agency liaisons shall participate in the professional develop-ment activities provided, and other technical assistance activities provided pursuant to paragraphs (5) and (6) of subsection (f), by the State coordinator.’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘that 
receives’’ and all that follows through ‘‘en-rollment’’ and inserting ‘‘shall review and revise any policies that may act as barriers to the identification of homeless children and youths or enrollment’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘en-
rollment’’ and inserting ‘‘identification, en-rollment,’’; and 
(7) by striking subsection (h). 
SEC. 10103. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY SUB-
GRANTS. 
Section 723 of the McKinney-Vento Home-
less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11433) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘identi-
fication of homeless children and youths and’’ before ‘‘enrollment,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘the related’’ before ‘‘schools’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(6) An assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will collect and promptly provide the information and data requested 
by the State coordinator pursuant to para-graphs (1) and (3) of section 722(f). 
‘‘(7) An assurance that the applicant will 
meet the requirements of section 722(g)(3).’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘preschool, elementary, and secondary schools’’ and inserting ‘‘early childhood education and other preschool pro-grams, elementary schools, and secondary schools,’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting 
‘‘identification,’’ before ‘‘enrollment,’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ap-
plication—’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘application reflects coordination with other local and State agencies that serve homeless children and youths.’’; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘(as 
of the date of submission of the application)’’ after ‘‘practice’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘ex-
tent to which the applicant will promote meaningful’’ after ‘‘The’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘with-
in’’ and inserting ‘‘into’’; 
(iii) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as 
subparagraph (I); 
(iv) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the 
following: 
‘‘(G) The extent to which the local edu-
cational agency will use the subgrant to le-verage resources. 
‘‘(H) How the local educational agency uses 
funds to serve homeless children and youths under section 1113(a)(4) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6313(a)(4)).’’; and 
(v) in subparagraph (I), as redesignated by 
clause (iii), by striking ‘‘Such’’ and inserting ‘‘The extent to which the applicant’s pro-gram meets such’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the same 
challenging State academic content stand-ards and challenging State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘the same challenging State academic standards as’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘students with limited 
English proficiency’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘pupil 
services’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instruc-tional support services’’; 
(D) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and un-
accompanied youths,’’ and inserting ‘‘par-ticularly homeless children and youths who are not enrolled in school,’’; 
(E) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘medical’’ 
and inserting ‘‘other health’’; 
(F) by striking paragraph (10) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(10) The provision of education and train-
ing to the parents and guardians of homeless children and youths about the rights of, and resources available to, such children and youths, and the provision of other activities designed to increase the meaningful involve-ment of parents and guardians of homeless children or youths in the education of the children or youths.’’; 
(G) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘pupil 
services’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instruc-tional support services’’; 
(H) in paragraph (13), by inserting before 
the period the following: ‘‘or parental mental health or substance abuse problems’’; and 
(I) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘to attend 
school’’ and inserting ‘‘to enroll, attend, and succeed in school (including a preschool pro-gram)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4777 July 7, 2015 
SEC. 10104. SECRETARIAL RESPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 724 of the McKinney-Vento Home-
less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (c) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(c) N
OTICE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, be-
fore the next school year that begins after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, update and disseminate nationwide the public notice described in this subsection (as in effect prior to such date) of the educational rights of homeless children and youths. 
‘‘(2) D
ISSEMINATION .—The Secretary shall 
disseminate the notice nationally to all Fed-eral agencies, and grant recipients, serving homeless families or homeless children and youth.’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) E
VALUATION , D ISSEMINATION , AND 
TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall 
conduct evaluation, dissemination, and tech-nical assistance activities for programs de-signed to meet the educational needs of homeless elementary and secondary school students, and may use funds appropriated under section 726 to conduct such activi-ties.’’; 
(3) in subsection (f), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘The Secretary shall provide support and technical assistance to State educational agencies, concerning areas in which documented barriers to a free appro-priate public education persist.’’; 
(4) by striking subsection (g) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(g) G
UIDELINES .—The Secretary shall de-
velop, issue, and publish in the Federal Reg-ister, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, guidelines concerning ways in which a State— 
‘‘(1) may assist local educational agencies 
to implement the provisions related to homeless children and youth amended by that Act; and 
‘‘(2) may review and revise State policies 
and procedures that may present barriers to the identification of homeless children and youth, and the enrollment, attendance, and success of homeless children and youths in school.’’; 
(5) in subsection (h)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘periodically’’ and inserting ‘‘periodically but not less frequently than once every 2 years,’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘loca-
tion’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘lo-cation (in cases in which location can be identified) of homeless children and youth, in all areas served by local educational agen-cies under this subtitle;’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(D) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (E); and 
(E) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) the academic progress being made by 
homeless children and youth, including the percentage or number of homeless children and youth participating in State assess-ments under section 1111(b)(2) of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(2)); and’’; and 
(6) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘McKin-
ney-Vento Homeless Education Assistance Improvements Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 10105. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 725 of the 
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘or 
are awaiting foster care placement;’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘youth’’ 
and inserting ‘‘homeless child or youth’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a State that 
is not a covered State, the amendment made by subsection (a)(1) shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(2) C
OVERED STATE .—In the case of a cov-
ered State, the amendment made by sub-section (a)(1) shall take effect on the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) C
OVERED STATE .—For purposes of this 
section the term ‘‘covered State’’ means a State that has a statutory law that defines or describes the phrase ‘‘awaiting foster care placement’’, for purposes of a program under subtitle B of title VII of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431 et seq.). 
SEC. 10106. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
Section 726 of the McKinney-Vento Home-
less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11435) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 726. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this subtitle such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
PART B—OTHER LAWS; MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 10201. USE OF TERM ‘‘HIGHLY QUALIFIED’’ 
IN OTHER LAWS. 
Beginning on the date of the enactment of 
this Act, any reference in law to the term ‘‘highly qualified’’, as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801), shall be treated as a reference to such term under section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 10202. DEPARTMENT STAFF. 
The Secretary of Education shall— (1) not later than 90 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act— 
(A) identify the number of Department of 
Education employees who worked on or ad-ministered each education program and project authorized under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as such program or project was in effect on the day before such enactment date, and publish such information on the Department of Education’s website; and 
(B) identify the number of full-time equiv-
alent employees who work on or administer programs or projects that— 
(i) were authorized under the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as in effect on the day before such enactment date; and 
(ii) have been eliminated or consolidated 
since such date; and 
(2) not later than 1 year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, prepare and sub-mit a report to Congress on— 
(A) the number of employees associated 
with each program or project authorized under the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) ad-ministered by the Department, disaggregated by employee function with each such program or project; 
(B) the number of full-time equivalent em-
ployees who were determined to be associ-ated with eliminated or consolidated pro-grams or projects under paragraph (1)(B); and 
(C) how the Secretary addressed the find-
ings of paragraph (1)(B) relating to the num-ber of full-time equivalent employees who worked on or administered programs or projects authorized under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 
U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as in effect on the day before such enactment date, that have been eliminated or consolidated since such date. 
SEC. 10203. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT ACTIONS 
TO ADDRESS OFFICE OF THE IN-SPECTOR GENERAL CHARTER SCHOOL REPORTS. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Edu-cation shall prepare and submit to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the relevant appropria-tions committees of Congress, and to the public via the Department’s website, a report containing an update on the Department of Education’s continued implementation of the recommendations— 
(1) responding to the March 9, 2010, final 
management information report of the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Education, which expressed concern about findings of inadequate oversight by local educational agencies and authorized public chartering agencies to ensure Federal funds are properly used and accounted for; 
(2) responding to the September 2012 report 
of the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Education entitled ‘‘The Of-fice of Innovation and Improvement’s Over-sight and Monitoring of the Charter Schools Program’s Planning and Implementation Grants Final Audit Report’’ finding that none of the 3 States whose charter schools 
programs that Office investigated ade-quately monitored the public charter schools that the States funded; and 
(3) describing actions the Department of 
Education has taken to address the concerns described in such memorandum and final audit report. 
SA 2090. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE XI—PROTECTING STUDENTS FROM 
SEXUAL AND VIOLENT PREDATORS 
SEC. 11001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting 
Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act’’. 
SEC. 11002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— 
(1) the terms ‘‘elementary school’’, ‘‘local 
educational agency’’, ‘‘secondary school’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘State educational agency’’ have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801); 
(2) the term ‘‘covered local educational 
agency’’ means a local educational agency that receives funds under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); 
(3) the term ‘‘covered school’’ means an el-
ementary school or secondary school that re-ceives funds under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); 
(4) the term ‘‘covered State’’ means a 
State that receives funds under the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); 
(5) the term ‘‘covered State educational 
agency’’ means a State educational agency that receives funds under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4778 July 7, 2015 
(6) the term ‘‘current school employee’’ 
means a school employee who has begun em-ployment with a covered school, covered State educational agency, or covered local educational agency or an employee of any person or company who has a contract or agreement to provide services with a covered school, covered local educational agency, or covered State educational agency before the effective date of this title; 
(7) the term ‘‘designated State agency’’ 
means the agency designated in section 11003(d)(1)(A); and 
(8) the term ‘‘school employee’’ means— (A) an employee of, or a person seeking 
employment with, a covered school, covered local educational agency, or covered State educational agency and who, as a result of such employment, has (or, in the case of a person seeking employment, will have) a job duty that includes unsupervised contact or interaction with elementary school or sec-ondary school students; or 
(B) any person, or an employee of any per-
son, who has a contract or agreement to pro-vide services with a covered school, covered local educational agency, or covered State educational agency, and such person or em-ployee, as a result of such contract or agree-ment, has a job duty that includes unsuper-vised contact or interaction with elementary school or secondary school students. 
SEC. 11003. BACKGROUND CHECKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each covered State shall 
ensure that the State has in effect laws, reg-ulations, or policies and procedures requiring that— 
(1) a criminal background check be con-
ducted for each school employee in a manner that is consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.) and otherwise meets the requirements of this section, including— 
(A) a search of the State criminal registry 
or repository of the State in which the school employee resides; 
(B) a search of State-based child abuse and 
neglect registries and databases of the State in which the school employee resides; 
(C) a Federal Bureau of Investigation fin-
gerprint check using the Integrated Auto-mated Fingerprint Identification System, conducted in accordance with section 11006; and 
(D) a search of the National Sex Offender 
Registry established under section 119 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16919); and 
(2) each criminal background check con-
ducted under paragraph (1) be periodically repeated or updated in accordance with State law or the policies of the covered State educational agency or the covered local edu-cational agencies in the State. 
(b) T
IMING OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
(1) C URRENT SCHOOL EMPLOYEES .—For a 
current school employee— 
(A) the criminal background check re-
quired under subsection (a) shall be com-pleted by not later than 3 years after the ef-fective date of this title or by the date of the current school employee’s next scheduled performance review as provided by State law (including regulations), whichever is first; and 
(B) the employment of the current school 
employee shall not be terminated by reason of this title while the criminal background check is being conducted. 
(2) A
LL OTHER SCHOOL EMPLOYEES .—For any 
school employee who is not a current school employee, the criminal background check re-quired under subsection (a) shall be com-pleted before the school employee begins em-ployment. 
(c) E
XCEPTION FOR CURRENT SCHOOL EM-
PLOYEES WITHPRIOR BACKGROUND CHECKS .— (1) I N GENERAL .—A covered State shall not 
be required to obtain a criminal background check under subsection (a)(1) for a current school employee if— 
(A)(i) the current school employee has re-
ceived 1 or more criminal background checks (whether on one occasion or on separate oc-casions) that included— 
(I) a search of the State criminal registry 
or repository of the State in which the cur-rent school employee resides; 
(II) a search of the State-based child abuse 
and neglect registries and databases of the State in which the current school employee resides; 
(III) a Federal Bureau of Investigation fin-
gerprint check using the Integrated Auto-mated Fingerprint Identification System, conducted in accordance with section 11006; and 
(IV) a search of the National Sex Offender 
Registry established under section 119 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16919); or 
(ii) the current school employee has re-
ceived 1 or more criminal background checks (whether on one occasion or on separate oc-casions) that included 1 or more of the searches and checks described in subclauses (I) through (IV) of clause (i), and the des-ignated State agency ensures that a criminal background check including all of the re-maining searches and checks described in such subclauses is conducted for the current school employee within the timeframe estab-lished by subsection (b)(1)(A); 
(B) each of the searches and checks de-
scribed in subclauses (I) through (IV) of sub-paragraph (A)(i) were conducted for the school employee, whether as part of 1 crimi-nal background check or on separate occa-sions, on or after the date that is 5 years be-fore the effective date of this title; 
(C) the appropriate Federal, State, or local 
agency provides the results of all the searches and checks described in subclauses (I) through (IV) of subparagraph (A)(i) to the appropriate body, as designated by State law or the policies of the covered State edu-cational agency or the employing covered local educational agency; and 
(D) the appropriate body, as designated by 
State law or the policies of the covered State agency or covered local educational agency, takes steps to verify all criminal background checks in accordance with State law or the policies of the covered State educational agency or the employing covered local edu-cational agency. 
(2) C
ONTINUED EMPLOYMENT DURING  
VERIFICATION PERIOD .— 
(A) C ONTINUED EMPLOYMENT .—During any 
period during which the requirements of paragraph (1) are being verified for a current school employee— 
(i) the employing covered State edu-
cational agency, covered local educational agency, or covered school shall not termi-nate the employment of the covered school employee or reduce the employee’s pay or benefits by reason of this title; and 
(ii) nothing in this title shall be construed 
to prohibit the covered State educational agency, covered local educational agency, or covered school from transferring the em-ployee to a position not meeting the criteria of section 11002(8) during such period of verification. 
(3) P
ERIODIC UPDATING .—Each covered 
State shall ensure that the State has in ef-fect laws, regulations, or policies and proce-dures requiring that, for each current school employee who meets the requirements of this title through paragraph (1), all of the searches and checks described in paragraph (1)(A)(i) be periodically repeated or updated through a criminal background check, in ac-cordance with State law or the policies of the covered State educational agency or the 
covered local educational agencies in the State. 
(d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF AND ACCESS TO  
BACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
(1) C ONFIDENTIALITY .—Each covered State 
shall have in effect laws, regulations, or poli-cies and procedures that— 
(A) designate a single State agency to ad-
minister the criminal background checks re-quired under subsection (a) and paragraphs (1)(A)(ii) and (3) of subsection (c); and 
(B) require that information obtained 
through a criminal background check under subsection (a) or (c) shall only be revealed to the school employee, the designated rep-resentative of the school employee, and per-sons authorized by the State to receive the information in order to make employment decisions. 
(2) C
OPY OF BACKGROUND CHECK RESULTS .— 
(A) U PON REQUEST .—Upon a request by a 
school employee, the designated State agen-cy shall directly provide a copy of the results of the criminal background check conducted pursuant to subsection (a) or (c) to the school employee or to the school employee’s designated representative. 
(B) U
PON TERMINATION OR DISQUALIFICA -
TION.—If a school employee is terminated or 
disqualified from employment under sub-paragraphs (B) through (D) of section 11004(a)(3), the designated State agency shall provide the school employee with a copy of the results of any criminal background check conducted under this title. 
(e) A
PPEALS PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each covered State shall 
have in effect laws, regulations, or policies and procedures— 
(A) providing for a process by which a 
school employee may appeal the results of a criminal background check conducted pursu-ant to subsection (a) or (c) to challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information yielded by the criminal background check; and 
(B) ensuring that— (i) each school employee shall be given 
prompt notice of the opportunity to appeal; 
(ii) each school employee will receive in-
structions about how to complete the ap-peals process; and 
(iii) the appeals process is completed no 
later than 30 days after the appeal is filed for each school employee. 
(2) E
MPLOYMENT STATUS OF CURRENT SCHOOL  
EMPLOYEES FILING AN APPEAL .—If a current 
school employee is disqualified from employ-ment under section 11004(a) but files an ap-peal under this subsection, during the pend-ency of the appeal, such employee shall not lose employment or face a reduction in pay or benefits. During the pendency of the ap-peal, the employing covered State edu-cational agency, covered local educational agency, or covered school may place the school employee in a capacity where the school employee’s job duties do not include unsupervised contact or interaction with children. 
(f) P
UBLICATION OF POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .—Each covered State shall ensure 
that the laws, regulations, or policies and procedures required under this section are published on the website of the covered State educational agency and the website of each covered local educational agency that has a website as of the effective date of this title. 
(g) F
EES FOR BACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT FOR REASONABLE FEES .— 
The Attorney General of the United States, and the State Attorney General or other State law enforcement official of a covered State, may charge a fee for conducting a criminal background check under subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4779 July 7, 2015 
(a) or (c) if the amount of the fee does not ex-
ceed the actual costs to the Federal Govern-ment or the State, as the case may be, for processing and administration. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE FUNDS .—A covered 
State educational agency or covered local educational agency may use administrative funds received under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) to pay any reasonable fees charged for conducting criminal background checks under subsection (a) or (c). 
SEC. 11004. PROHIBITION ON HIRING & TRANS-
FER. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON HIRING .—Each covered 
State shall have in effect laws, regulations, or policies and procedures that prohibit any covered State educational agency, covered local educational agency, or covered school from employing an individual as a school employee if such employee— 
(1) refuses to consent to a criminal back-
ground check under section 11003; 
(2) makes a knowingly false statement in 
connection with a criminal background check under section 11003; or 
(3) has been convicted of a felony con-
sisting of— 
(A) murder, as described in section 1111 of 
title 18, United States Code; 
(B) child abuse; (C) child pornography; or (D) a crime involving rape or sexual as-
sault, except for statutory rape where the victim and perpetrator engaged in consen-sual sexual conduct, the victim and perpe-trator were both under the age of 21, and the victim and perpetrator differed in age by not more than 3 years at the time of the offense. 
(b) R
EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each covered State shall 
have in effect laws, regulations, or policies and procedures that establish a timely re-view process, not to exceed 30 days from the 
date that an appeal is received by the State, through which the State may determine that, notwithstanding paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a), a school employee identified under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a) is eligible for employment with the covered State educational agency, covered local edu-cational agency, or covered school. The re-view process shall be an individualized as-sessment consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.) and may include consideration of the following factors: 
(A) Nature and seriousness of the offense. (B) Circumstances under which the offense 
was committed. 
(C) Lapse of time since the offense was 
committed or the individual was released from prison. 
(D) Individual’s age at the time of the of-
fense. 
(E) Social conditions that may have fos-
tered the offense. 
(F) Relationship of the nature of the of-
fense to the position sought. 
(G) Number of criminal convictions. (H) Honesty and transparency of the can-
didate in admitting the conviction record. 
(I) Individual’s work history, including evi-
dence that the individual performed the same or similar work, post-conviction, with the same or different employer, with no known incidents of criminal conduct. 
(J) Evidence of rehabilitation, as dem-
onstrated by the individual’s good conduct while in correctional custody or in the com-munity, counseling or psychiatric treatment received, acquisition of additional academic or career or technical schooling, successful participation in a correctional work-release program, or the recommendation of a cur-rent or former supervisor of the individual. 
(K) Whether the individual is bonded under 
a Federal, State, or local bonding program. (L) Any other factor that may lead to the 
conclusion that the individual does not pose a risk to children. 
(2) E
MPLOYMENT DURING REVIEW .—During 
the pendency of the review described in para-graph (1) of a school employee, the employ-ing covered State educational agency, cov-ered local educational agency, or covered school may place the school employee in a capacity where the employee’s job duties do not include unsupervised contact or inter-action with children. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON TRANSFER .—A covered 
State educational agency, covered local edu-cational agency, covered school, or any em-ployee or agent of a covered State edu-cational agency, covered local educational agency, or covered school, shall not know-ingly transfer or facilitate the transfer of any school employee if the agency, school, employee, or agent knows or has reasonable cause to believe that the school employee engaged in abuse of a child, unless— 
(1) the allegations of abuse have been prop-
erly reported as required by Federal, State, or local law, including title IX of the Edu-cation Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) and the regulations implementing such title under part 106 of title 34, Code of Fed-eral Regulations; and 
(2) with respect to the allegations— (A) no prosecution is undertaken by local 
or Federal prosecutors within 1 year of the report; 
(B) the local prosecutors have indicated 
that the individual will not be charged; or 
(C) the school employee has been charged 
and exonerated of the charges, as defined by law or by regulations or policies of the State, covered State educational agency, or applicable covered local educational agency. 
SEC. 11005. REPORTING OF ABUSE ALLEGATIONS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AGREEMENTS TO WITH-
HOLD ALLEGATIONS .—Each covered State 
shall have laws, regulations, or policies and procedures that— 
(1) prohibit any State educational agency, 
local educational agency, elementary school, secondary school, or employee or agent of any State educational agency, local edu-cational agency, elementary school, or sec-ondary school, from making any agree-ment— 
(A) to withhold, from any law enforcement 
authority, State educational agency, local educational agency, elementary school, or secondary school, the reporting of the fact that an allegation of child abuse in an edu-cational setting has been made against a school employee or volunteer; or 
(B) to waive any portion of subsection (c); 
and 
(2) provide that the punishment for any 
violation of paragraph (1) is not less than the punishment for a violation of the State’s law requiring mandatory reporting of concerns of child abuse and neglect. 
(b) I
MMUNITY FROM LIABILITY FOR REPORT -
ING.—Each covered State shall have laws, 
regulations, or policies and procedures en-suring that, notwithstanding any other Fed-eral, State, or local law or any agreement or contract, any State educational agency, local educational agency, elementary school, secondary school, or employee or agent of any State educational agency, local edu-cational agency, elementary school, or sec-ondary school who reasonably and in good faith reports to law enforcement officials in-formation regarding allegations of child abuse or a resignation or voluntary suspen-sion due to circumstances described in sub-section (a)(1) shall have immunity from any civil or criminal liability. 
(c) W
ARNINGS TO OTHER EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CIES AND SCHOOLS .—Each covered State shall 
have in effect laws, regulations, or policies and procedures ensuring that, notwith-
standing any other Federal, State, or local law or any agreement or contract, if the State educational agency or any local edu-cational agency, elementary school, sec-ondary school, or employee or agent of the State educational agency, local educational agency, elementary school, or secondary school, has reasonably and in good faith re-ported to law enforcement officials informa-tion regarding allegations of child abuse in an educational setting made against a school employee, and the circumstances described in section 11004(c)(2) do not apply to such al-legations, the agency, school, employee, or agent may share the report with any other 
State educational agency, local educational agency, elementary school, or secondary school that is considering hiring that school employee. 
(d) T
RAINING .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this title, a local educational agency may use funds provided under part A of title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6601 et seq.) to train school employees in— 
(1) recognizing signs of abuse, neglect, or 
sexual abuse in students; 
(2) properly identifying and reporting sus-
pected child physical or sexual abuse, includ-ing appropriate behaviors by school per-sonnel and inappropriate behaviors, such as grooming behaviors (defined as actions delib-erately undertaken with the aim of befriend-ing and establishing an emotional connec-tion with a child to lower the child’s inhibi-tions in order to sexually abuse the child); and 
(3) effectively responding to incidents of 
child physical and sexual abuse, including linking students and families to law enforce-ment, school, community, mental health, or medical supports. 
SEC. 11006. FBI REQUIREMENTS FOR FINGER-
PRINT CHECKS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, if a fingerprint check by the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, conducted pursuant to section 11003(a) or in accordance with section 11003(c) after the effective date of this title, reveals a record that indicates that an indi-vidual was arrested or criminal proceedings were instituted against an individual, but that does not include the final disposition of the arrest or proceeding, the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall— 
(1) further investigate the school employ-
ee’s criminal history until the earlier of— 
(A) the date on which the Bureau is able to 
determine whether a final disposition was reached and what the final disposition was; or 
(B) 3 business days (exclusive of the day on 
which the initial request is made) after the date of the initial request; 
(2) notify the State through the designated 
State agency of the results of the further in-vestigation; and 
(3) promptly correct the record, including 
by making deletions to the record, if the Federal Bureau of Investigations determined that the record was inaccurate. 
SEC. 11007. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this title shall be construed 
to— 
(1) alter or otherwise affect the rights and 
remedies provided for school employees re-siding in a State that disqualifies individuals for employment as a school employee based on convictions for crimes not specifically listed in this title; 
(2) prevent a State or locality from apply-
ing the requirements of this title to State educational agencies, local educational agen-cies, elementary schools, or secondary schools that do not receive funds under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4780 July 7, 2015 
(3) create a private right of action against 
a State educational agency, local edu-cational agency, elementary school, sec-ondary school, or an employee or agent of a State educational agency, local educational agency, elementary school, or secondary school that is in compliance with this title and with any laws, regulations, or policies and procedures promulgated pursuant to this title. 
SEC. 11008. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title shall take effect on the date that 
is 2 years from the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 2091. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title II, insert the following: 
SEC. 2007. PROGRAM FOR INTERSTATE TEACH-
ING APPLICATIONS. 
Part F of title II, as added by section 2006, 
is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2602. PROGRAM FOR INTERSTATE TEACH-
ING APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary may 
establish and carry out a program to allow States to voluntarily participate in an inter-state teaching application process that al-lows teachers who are licensed or certified in any participating State— 
‘‘(1) to be eligible for licensure or certifi-
cation in other participating States without subsequently completing additional licen-sure or certification requirements; and 
‘‘(2) to be able to apply for open teaching 
positions in schools that receive funds under part A of title I in other participating States, unless the open position falls outside the applicant’s content area or grade level for which the applicant is already licensed or certified. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—In carrying 
out a program established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) create an application for eligible 
teachers licensed or certified in a State par-ticipating in the program who wish to teach in other States participating in the program; 
‘‘(2) require each participating State to 
recognize a teaching licensure or certifi-cation of each such teacher who meets the application requirements under subsection (c)(1), and allow such teacher to teach in an open teaching position described in sub-section (a)(2), without requiring such teacher to complete additional requirements for li-censure or certification; 
‘‘(3) ensure that participating States main-
tain the eligibility requirements described in subsection (d); 
‘‘(4) provide technical assistance to partici-
pating States; and 
‘‘(5) provide an electronic application proc-
ess for teachers to apply for the program. 
‘‘(c) P
ARTICIPATING TEACHERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each teacher seeking to 
participate in a program established under subsection (a) shall submit an application containing— 
‘‘(A) proof of an active teaching license or 
certification in a participating State; 
‘‘(B) the teacher’s results on each of the as-
sessments described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of subsection (d)(1) that are re-quired by the initial licensing or certifying participating State; and 
‘‘(C) such other information as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate. ‘‘(2) C
ONTRACT .—The Secretary shall award 
a contract to a qualified entity to collect the teacher applications submitted under para-graph (1). 
‘‘(d) P
ARTICIPATING STATES .—A State shall 
be eligible to participate in a program estab-lished under subsection (a) if— 
‘‘(1) such State, in awarding a teaching li-
cense or certification to an individual, re-quires— 
‘‘(A) an assessment of the content knowl-
edge necessary for postsecondary education and a career before a teacher begins teaching in a classroom; 
‘‘(B) an assessment of pedagogical skills 
not later than 1 year after the date on which a teacher first begins teaching in a class-room; and 
‘‘(C) a performance assessment not later 
than one year after the date on which a teacher first begins teaching, which may in-clude a performance assessment completed as part of a teacher preparation program; and 
‘‘(2) the assessments described in para-
graph (1) and required by such State are identified as sufficiently rigorous by an or-ganization such as the Council of Chief State School Officers. 
‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may 
issue such regulations as the Secretary con-siders necessary to carry out this section.’’. 
SA 2092. Mrs. M CCASKILL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 284, between lines 11 and 12, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(xxi) Enabling States, as a consortium, to 
voluntarily develop a process that allows teachers who are licensed or certified in a participating State to teach in other partici-pating States without completing additional licensure or certification requirements, ex-cept that nothing in this clause shall be con-strued to allow the Secretary to exercise any direction, supervision, or control over State teacher licensing or certification require-ments. 
SA 2093. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B OOKER , 
Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. C OONS , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H EINRICH , 
Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K AINE, 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. U DALL , 
Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
WYDEN , and Mr. K IRK) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part B of title X, insert the 
following: SEC. ll. STUDENT NON-DISCRIMINATION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Student Non-Discrimination Act of 2015’’. 
(b) F
INDINGS AND PURPOSES .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(A) Public school students who are lesbian, 
gay, bisexual, or transgender (referred to in this section as ‘‘LGBT’’), or are perceived to be LGBT, or who associate with LGBT peo-ple, have been and are subjected to pervasive discrimination, including harassment, bul-lying, intimidation, and violence, and have been deprived of equal educational opportu-nities, in schools in every part of the Nation. 
(B) While discrimination of any kind is 
harmful to students and to the education system, actions that target students based on sexual orientation or gender identity rep-resent a distinct and severe problem that re-mains inadequately addressed by current Federal law. 
(C) Numerous social science studies dem-
onstrate that discrimination at school has contributed to high rates of absenteeism, academic underachievement, dropping out, and adverse physical and mental health con-sequences among LGBT youth. 
(D) When left unchecked, discrimination in 
schools based on sexual orientation or gen-der identity can lead, and has led, to life- threatening violence and to suicide. 
(E) Public school students enjoy a variety 
of constitutional rights, including rights to equal protection, privacy, and free expres-sion, which are infringed when school offi-cials engage in or fail to take prompt and ef-fective action to stop discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender iden-tity. 
(F) Provisions of Federal statutory law ex-
pressly prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, religion, disability, and national origin. The Department of Edu-cation and the Department of Justice, as well as numerous courts, have correctly in-terpreted the prohibitions on sex discrimina-tion to include discrimination based on sex stereotypes and gender identity, even when that sex-based discrimination coincides or overlaps with discrimination based on sexual orientation. However, the absence of express Federal law prohibitions on discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity has created unnecessary uncer-tainty that risks limiting access to legal remedies under Federal law for LGBT stu-dents and their parents. 
(2) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of this section 
are— 
(A) to ensure that all students have access 
to public education in a safe environment free from discrimination, including harass-ment, bullying, intimidation, and violence, on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity; 
(B) to provide a comprehensive Federal 
prohibition of discrimination in public schools based on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity; 
(C) to provide meaningful and effective 
remedies for discrimination in public schools based on actual or perceived sexual orienta-tion or gender identity; 
(D) to invoke congressional powers, includ-
ing the power to enforce the 14th Amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States and to provide for the general welfare pursuant to section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution and the power to make all laws necessary and proper for the execution of the foregoing powers pursuant to section 8 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution, in order to pro-hibit discrimination in public schools on the basis of sexual orientation or gender iden-tity; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4781 July 7, 2015 
(E) to allow the Department of Education 
and the Department of Justice to effectively combat discrimination based on sexual ori-entation and gender identity in public schools, through regulation and enforce-ment, as the Departments have issued regu-lations under and enforced title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) and other nondiscrimination laws in a manner that effectively addresses discrimination. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS AND RULE.— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
(A) E DUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term ‘‘edu-
cational agency’’ means a local educational agency, an educational service agency, or a State educational agency, as those terms are defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(B) G
ENDER IDENTITY .—The term ‘‘gender 
identity’’ means the gender-related identity, appearance, or mannerisms or other gender- related characteristics of an individual, with or without regard to the individual’s des-ignated sex at birth. 
(C) H
ARASSMENT .—The term ‘‘harassment’’ 
means conduct that is sufficiently severe, persistent, or pervasive to limit a student’s ability to participate in or benefit from a program or activity of a public school or educational agency, including acts of verbal, nonverbal, or physical aggression, intimida-tion, or hostility, if such conduct is based on— 
(i) a student’s actual or perceived sexual 
orientation or gender identity; or 
(ii) the actual or perceived sexual orienta-
tion or gender identity of a person with whom a student associates or has associated. 
(D) P
ROGRAM OR ACTIVITY .—The terms 
‘‘program or activity’’ and ‘‘program’’ have the same meanings given such terms as ap-plied under section 606 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d–4a) to the oper-
ations of public entities under paragraph (2)(B) of such section. 
(E) P
UBLIC SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘public 
school’’ means an elementary school (as the term is defined in section 9101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)) that is a public institution, and a secondary school (as so defined) that is a public institution. 
(F) S
EXUAL ORIENTATION .—The term ‘‘sex-
ual orientation’’ means homosexuality, het-erosexuality, or bisexuality. 
(G) S
TUDENT .—The term ‘‘student’’ means 
an individual within the age limits for which the State provides free public education who is enrolled in a public school or who, regard-less of official enrollment status, attends classes or participates in the programs or ac-tivities of a public school or local edu-cational agency. 
(2) R
ULE.—Consistent with Federal law, in 
this section the term ‘‘includes’’ means ‘‘in-cludes but is not limited to’’. 
(d) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST DISCRIMINATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—No student shall, on the 
basis of actual or perceived sexual orienta-tion or gender identity of such individual or of a person with whom the student associ-ates or has associated, be excluded from par-ticipation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any pro-gram or activity receiving Federal financial assistance. 
(2) H
ARASSMENT .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, discrimination includes harassment of a student on the basis of actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity of such student or of a person with whom the stu-dent associates or has associated. 
(3) R
ETALIATION PROHIBITED .— 
(A) P ROHIBITION .—No person shall be ex-
cluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimina-
tion, retaliation, or reprisal under any pro-gram or activity receiving Federal financial assistance based on the person’s opposition to conduct made unlawful by this section. 
(B) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this para-
graph, ‘‘opposition to conduct made unlawful by this section’’ includes— 
(i) opposition to conduct believed to be 
made unlawful by this section or conduct that could be believed to become unlawful under this section if allowed to continue; 
(ii) any formal or informal report, whether 
oral or written, to any governmental entity, including public schools and educational agencies and employees of the public schools or educational agencies, regarding conduct made unlawful by this section, conduct be-lieved to be made unlawful by this section, or conduct that could be believed to become unlawful under this section if allowed to con-tinue; 
(iii) participation in any investigation, 
proceeding, or hearing related to conduct made unlawful by this section, conduct be-lieved to be made unlawful by this section, or conduct that could be believed to become unlawful under this section if allowed to con-tinue; and 
(iv) assistance or encouragement provided 
to any other person in the exercise or enjoy-ment of any right granted or protected by this section, 
if in the course of that expression, the person 
involved does not purposefully provide infor-mation known to be false to any public school or educational agency or other gov-ernmental entity regarding conduct made unlawful by this section, or conduct believed to be made unlawful by this section, or con-duct that could be believed to become unlaw-ful under this section if allowed to continue. 
(e) F
EDERAL ADMINISTRATIVE ENFORCE -
MENT ; REPORT TO CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.— 
(1) R EQUIREMENTS .—Each Federal depart-
ment and agency which is empowered to ex-tend Federal financial assistance to any edu-cation program or activity, by way of grant, loan, or contract other than a contract of in-surance or guaranty, is authorized and di-rected to effectuate the provisions of sub-section (d) with respect to such program or activity by issuing rules, regulations, or or-ders of general applicability which shall be consistent with achievement of the objec-tives of the statute authorizing the financial assistance in connection with which the ac-tion is taken. No such rule, regulation, or order shall become effective unless and until approved by the President. 
(2) E
NFORCEMENT .—Compliance with any 
requirement adopted pursuant to this sub-section may be effected— 
(A) by the termination of or refusal to 
grant or to continue assistance under such program or activity to any recipient as to whom there has been an express finding on the record, after opportunity for hearing, of a failure to comply with such requirement, but such termination or refusal shall be lim-ited to the particular political entity, or part thereof, or other recipient as to whom such a finding has been made, and shall be limited in its effect to the particular pro-gram, or part thereof, in which such non-compliance has been so found; or 
(B) by any other means authorized by law, 
except that no such action shall be taken until the department or agency concerned has advised the appropriate person or per-sons of the failure to comply with the re-quirement and has determined that compli-ance cannot be secured by voluntary means. 
(3) R
EPORTS .—In the case of any action ter-
minating, or refusing to grant or continue, assistance because of failure to comply with a requirement imposed pursuant to this sub-
section, the head of the Federal department or agency shall file with the committees of the House of Representatives and Senate having legislative jurisdiction over the pro-gram or activity involved a full written re-port of the circumstances and the grounds for such action. No such action shall become effective until 30 days have elapsed after the filing of such report. 
(f) P
RIVATE CAUSE OF ACTION .— 
(1) P RIVATE CAUSE OF ACTION .—Subject to 
paragraph (3), and consistent with the cause of action recognized under title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq.) and title IX of the Education Amend-ments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.), an ag-grieved individual may bring an action in a court of competent jurisdiction, asserting a violation of this section. Aggrieved individ-uals may be awarded all appropriate relief, including equitable relief, compensatory damages, and costs of the action. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This sub-
section shall not be construed to preclude an aggrieved individual from obtaining rem-edies under any other provision of law or to require such individual to exhaust any ad-ministrative complaint process or notice of claim requirement before seeking redress under this subsection. 
(3) S
TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—For actions 
brought pursuant to this subsection, the statute of limitations period shall be deter-mined in accordance with section 1658(a) of title 28, United States Code. The tolling of any such limitations period shall be deter-mined in accordance with the law governing actions under section 1979 of the Revised Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1983) in the State in which the action is brought. 
(g) C
AUSE OF ACTION BY THE ATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL .—The Attorney General is authorized 
to institute for or in the name of the United States a civil action for a violation of this section in any appropriate district court of the United States against such parties and for such relief as may be appropriate, includ-ing equitable relief and compensatory dam-ages. Whenever a civil action is instituted for a violation of this section, the Attorney General may intervene in such action upon timely application and shall be entitled to the same relief as if the Attorney General had instituted the action. Nothing in this section shall adversely affect the right of any person to sue or obtain relief in any court for any activity that violates this sec-tion, including regulations promulgated pur-suant to this section. 
(h) S
TATE IMMUNITY .— 
(1) S TATE IMMUNITY .—A State shall not be 
immune under the 11th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States from suit in Federal court for a violation of this sec-tion. 
(2) W
AIVER .—A State’s receipt or use of 
Federal financial assistance for any program or activity of a State shall constitute a waiver of sovereign immunity, under the 11th Amendment or otherwise, to a suit brought by an aggrieved individual for a vio-lation of subsection (d). 
(3) R
EMEDIES .—In a suit against a State for 
a violation of this section, remedies (includ-ing remedies both at law and in equity) are available for such a violation to the same ex-tent as such remedies are available for such a violation in the suit against any public or private entity other than a State. 
(i) A
TTORNEY ’SFEES.—Section 722(b) of the 
Revised Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1988(b)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘the Student Non-Discrimi-nation Act of 2015,’’ after ‘‘Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act of 2000,’’. 
(j) E
FFECT ON OTHER LAWS.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4782 July 7, 2015 
(1) F EDERAL AND STATE NONDISCRIMINATION  
LAWS .—Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued to preempt, invalidate, or limit rights, remedies, procedures, or legal stand-ards available to victims of discrimination or retaliation, under any other Federal law or law of a State or political subdivision of a State, including titles IV and VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000c et seq., 2000d et seq.), title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.), section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), or section 1979 of the Revised Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1983). The obligations imposed by this section are in addition to those imposed by titles IV and VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000c et seq., 2000d et seq.), title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.), section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), and section 1979 of the Revised Statutes (42 U.S.C. 1983). 
(2) F
REE SPEECH AND EXPRESSION LAWS AND  
RELIGIOUS STUDENT GROUPS .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to alter legal standards regarding, or affect the rights available to individuals or groups under, other Federal laws that establish protections for freedom of speech and expression, such as legal standards and rights available to reli-gious and other student groups under the First Amendment and the Equal Access Act (20 U.S.C. 4071 et seq.). 
(k) S
EVERABILITY .—If any provision of this 
section, or any application of such provision to any person or circumstance, is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of this sec-tion, and the application of the provision to any other person or circumstance shall not be impacted. 
(l) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
take effect 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this section and shall not apply to conduct occurring before the effective date of this section. 
SA 2094. Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, 
Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. M CCAIN, 
Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. V ITTER ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; as follows: 
At the end of title IX, add the following: 
SEC. llll . PROTECTING CHILDREN FROM 
CHILDREN FROM CONVICTED PEDOPHILES, CHILD MOLESTERS, AND OTHER SEX OFFENDERS. 
Title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.), as amended 
by this title, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART H—SCHOOL EMPLOYEE 
BACKGROUND CHECKS 
‘‘SEC. 9651. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Protecting 
Students from Sexual and Violent Predators Act’. 
‘‘SEC. 9652. DEFINITION OF SCHOOL EMPLOYEE. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘school employee’ 
means— 
‘‘(1) a person who— ‘‘(A) is an employee of, or is seeking em-
ployment with, an elementary school, sec-ondary school, local educational agency, or State educational agency, that receives funds under this Act; and 
‘‘(B) as a result of such employment, has 
(or will have) a job duty that results in unsu-pervised access to elementary school or sec-ondary school students; or ‘‘(2) a person, or an employee of a person, 
who— 
‘‘(A) has a contract or agreement to pro-
vide services with an elementary school, sec-ondary school, local educational agency, or State educational agency, that receives funds under this Act; and 
‘‘(B) as a result of such contract or agree-
ment, the person or employee, respectively, has a job duty that results in unsupervised access to elementary school or secondary school students. 
‘‘SEC. 9653. BACKGROUND CHECKS. 
‘‘(a) B ACKGROUND CHECKS .—Not later than 
2 years after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, each State educational agency, or each local edu-cational agency in any case where State law designates a local educational agency to carry out the requirements of this part, that receives funds under this Act shall, as a con-dition of receiving such funds, have in effect policies and procedures that— 
‘‘(1) require that a criminal background 
check be conducted for each school employee that includes— 
‘‘(A) a search of the State criminal reg-
istry or repository of the State in which the school employee resides; 
‘‘(B) a search of State-based child abuse 
and neglect registries and databases of the State in which the school employee resides; 
‘‘(C) a Federal Bureau of Investigation fin-
gerprint check using the Integrated Auto-mated Fingerprint Identification System; and 
‘‘(D) a search of the National Sex Offender 
Registry established under section 119 of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16919); 
‘‘(2) prohibit the employment of a school 
employee as a school employee if such em-ployee— 
‘‘(A) refuses to consent to a criminal back-
ground check under paragraph (1); 
‘‘(B) makes a false statement in connection 
with such criminal background check; 
‘‘(C) has been convicted of a felony con-
sisting of— 
‘‘(i) murder; ‘‘(ii) child abuse or neglect; ‘‘(iii) a crime against children, including 
child pornography; 
‘‘(iv) spousal abuse; ‘‘(v) a crime involving rape or sexual as-
sault; 
‘‘(vi) kidnapping; ‘‘(vii) arson; or 
‘‘(viii) physical assault, battery, or a drug- 
related offense, committed on or after the date that is 5 years before the date of such employee’s criminal background check under paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(D) has been convicted of any other crime 
that is a violent or sexual crime against a minor; 
‘‘(3) require that each criminal background 
check conducted under paragraph (1) be peri-odically repeated or updated in accordance with State law or the policies of local edu-cational agencies served by the State edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(4) upon request, provide each school em-
ployee who has had a criminal background check under paragraph (1) with a copy of the results of the criminal background check; 
‘‘(5) provide for a timely process, by which 
a school employee may appeal, but which does not permit the employee to be em-ployed as a school employee during such ap-peal, the results of a criminal background check conducted under paragraph (1) which prohibit the employee from being employed as a school employee under paragraph (2) to— 
‘‘(A) challenge the accuracy or complete-
ness of the information produced by such criminal background check; and ‘‘(B) establish or reestablish eligibility to 
be hired or reinstated as a school employee by demonstrating that the information is materially inaccurate or incomplete, and has been corrected; 
‘‘(6) ensure that such policies and proce-
dures are published on the website of the State educational agency and the website of each local educational agency served by the State educational agency; and 
‘‘(7) allow a local educational agency to 
share the results of a school employee’s criminal background check recently con-ducted under paragraph (1) with another local educational agency that is considering such school employee for employment as a school employee. 
‘‘(b) F
EES FOR BACKGROUND CHECKS .— 
‘‘(1) C HARGING OF FEES .—The Attorney 
General, attorney general of a State, or other State law enforcement official may charge reasonable fees for conducting a criminal background check under subsection (a)(1), but such fees shall not exceed the ac-tual costs for the processing and administra-tion of the criminal background check. 
‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE FUNDS .—A local edu-
cational agency or State educational agency may use administrative funds received under this Act to pay any reasonable fees charged for conducting such criminal background check. 
‘‘PART I—BAN ON AIDING AND ABETTING 
CHILD SEXUAL ABUSE THROUGH ‘PASS-ING THE TRASH’ 
‘‘SEC. 9661. BAN ON AIDING AND ABETTING CHILD 
SEXUAL ABUSE THROUGH ‘PASSING THE TRASH’. 
‘‘Each State or State educational agency, 
or each local educational agency in any case where State law designates a local edu-cational agency to carry out the require-ments of this part, that receives funds under this Act shall, as a condition of receiving such funds, have in effect laws, regulations, or policies and procedures that prohibit any agency or person from transferring, or facili-tating the transfer of, any school employee if the agency or person knows, or recklessly disregards information showing, that such school employee engaged in sexual mis-conduct with a minor in violation of law.’’. 
SA 2095. Mr. PETERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; as follows: 
On page 172, line 25, insert ‘‘financial lit-
eracy activities and’’ before ‘‘adult edu-cation’’. 
SA 2096. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. 
MERKLEY , Ms. A YOTTE , and Ms. B ALD-
WIN) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for him-
self and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 
1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 759, line 3, insert ‘‘career and tech-
nical education,’’ after ‘‘music,’’. 
SA 2097. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4783 July 7, 2015 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 494, strike line 1 and all 
that follows through page 544, line 9, and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 5002. PUBLIC CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
Part A of title V (20 U.S.C. 7221 et seq.), as 
redesignated by section 5001(5), is amended— 
(1) by striking sections 5101 through 5105, 
as redesignated by section 5001(7), and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5101. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this part to— ‘‘(1) provide authorization and support for 
public charter schools providing elementary or secondary education as a means to test and learn from innovations aimed at improv-ing the education of all students and strengthening public education; 
‘‘(2) evaluate the impact of such schools on 
student achievement, families, and commu-nities, and share best practices among char-ter schools and other public schools; 
‘‘(3) expand opportunities for children with 
disabilities, students who are English learn-ers, and other traditionally underserved stu-dents to attend charter schools and meet the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(4) support efforts to strengthen the char-
ter school authorizing process to improve performance management, including trans-parency, monitoring, including financial au-dits, and evaluation of such schools. 
‘‘SEC. 5102. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may 
award grants to eligible State educational agencies having applications approved pursu-ant to section 5103(f) to enable such agencies to conduct a charter school grant program in accordance with this part, by— 
‘‘(1) supporting the startup of charter 
schools that are evaluated by the charter school authorizer for quality and local im-pact; 
‘‘(2) supporting the replication and expan-
sion of high-quality charter schools; 
‘‘(3) assisting charter schools in accessing 
credit to acquire and renovate facilities for school use; and 
‘‘(4) carrying out national activities to 
support— 
‘‘(A) the dissemination of best and prom-
ising practices between and among magnet, traditional district, and charter schools; 
‘‘(B) the evaluation of the impacts of the 
charter school program under this part on educational quality and equity for students, and the overall strength of public education in local communities; and 
‘‘(C) stronger charter school authorizing. 
‘‘(b) F
UNDING ALLOTMENT .—From the 
amount made available under section 5113 for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) reserve 12.5 percent to support charter 
school facilities assistance under section 5104; 
‘‘(2) reserve not more than 25 percent to 
carry out section 5103A and section 5105; and 
‘‘(3) use the remaining amount after the 
reservations under paragraphs (1) and (2) to carry out section 5103. 
‘‘(c) P
RIOR GRANTS AND SUBGRANTS .—The 
recipient of a grant or subgrant under this part (as such part was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015) shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such grant or subgrant. 
‘‘SEC. 5103. GRANTS TO SUPPORT HIGH-QUALITY 
CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From the 
amount available under section 5102(b)(3), the Secretary shall award, on a competitive basis, grants to eligible State educational 
agencies having applications approved under subsection (f) to enable such eligible State educational agencies to— 
‘‘(1) award subgrants to eligible applicants 
to enable such eligible applicants to— 
‘‘(A) support the startup of charter schools 
that are thoroughly vetted by the authorizer for quality and local impact; 
‘‘(B) replicate or expand high-quality char-
ter schools, which may include— 
‘‘(i) supporting the acquisition, expansion, 
or preparation of a charter school building to meet increasing enrollment needs, including financing the development of a new building and ensuring that a school building complies with applicable statutes and regulations; 
‘‘(ii) paying costs associated with hiring 
additional teachers to serve additional stu-dents; 
‘‘(iii) providing transportation to students 
to and from the charter school; 
‘‘(iv) providing instructional materials, 
implementing teacher and principal or other school leader professional development pro-grams, and hiring additional nonteaching staff; 
‘‘(v) supporting any necessary activities 
that assist the charter school in carrying out this section; and 
‘‘(vi) providing early childhood education 
programs for children, including direct sup-port to, and coordination with, school or community based early childhood education programs; or 
‘‘(C) in the case of the closure or dissolu-
tion of a charter school, transfer students and student records to another school in the school district in which the charter school is located; and 
‘‘(2) provide technical assistance to eligible 
applicants and charter school authorizers in carrying out the activities described in para-graph (1), and work with charter school au-thorizers in the State to improve authorizing quality, including developing capacity for and conducting fiscal oversight and auditing of charter schools. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE STATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY  
DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the 
term ‘eligible State educational agencies’ are State educational agencies with all of the following student, family, community and taxpayer protection laws and policies in place: 
‘‘(1) S
TATE LAW AUTHORIZING THE CREATION  
OF CHARTER SCHOOLS .—The State must have a 
law in force that authorizes the creation and operation of charter schools. 
‘‘(2) F
IDUCIARY DUTIES AND CONFLICT OF IN -
TEREST RULES .—The State must have legally 
binding rules establishing fiduciary duties for officers, directors, managers, and em-ployees of charter schools and prohibitions against conflicts of interest among officers, directors, managers, and employees of char-ter schools, education management organi-zations, and related entities. Specifically, the State must have legally binding rules— 
‘‘(A) providing that charter school officers, 
directors, managers, and employees occupy positions of trust when they handle the money or property of the charter school; 
‘‘(B) prohibiting charter school officers, di-
rectors, managers, and employees from deal-ing with the charter school as an adverse party or acting on behalf of an adverse party in any matter connected with the duties of such officer, director, manager, or employee; 
‘‘(C) prohibiting charter school officers, di-
rectors, managers, and employees from hold-ing or acquiring any pecuniary or personal interest that conflicts with the interests of the charter school; 
‘‘(D) prohibiting education management 
organizations from entering into any trans-action with a related party, including— ‘‘(i) any related entity formed for the pur-
pose of managing or providing support to a charter school or group of related charter schools; 
‘‘(ii) any direct or indirect wholly owned 
subsidiary of any such entity, if the trans-action benefits the education management organization, the related party, or both; or 
‘‘(iii) any other related party; and ‘‘(E) providing civil remedies and criminal 
penalties, as applicable, that will apply to a breach of fiduciary duties and prohibited ac-tions described in this paragraph in the same manner that such remedies or penalties apply to a breach of fiduciary duties or an action similar to a prohibited action under this paragraph in the case of officers, direc-tors, managers, and employees of an entity that is not a charter school. 
‘‘(3) P
UBLIC REMOVAL OF CHARTER SCHOOL  
GOVERNING BOARD MEMBERS .—The State char-
ter school law shall ensure that a State agency or charter school authorizer has the authority to remove a member of a charter school’s governing board if the member has violated the member’s fiduciary responsibil-ities or the applicable conflict of interest rules. 
‘‘(4) I
NDEPENDENT FINANCIAL AUDIT REQUIRE -
MENTS WITH PUBLIC DISCLOSURE .—The State 
must require that all charter schools, and all education management organizations that enter into management services contracts with charter schools— 
‘‘(A) conduct annual, independent audits of 
their financial statements and submit these required audit reports to the eligible State educational agency; and 
‘‘(B) make the required audit reports, in-
cluding any management letters, publicly available via disclosure by the eligible State educational agency. 
‘‘(5) C
HARTER SCHOOL ACCESS TO BOOKS AND  
RECORDS OF EDUCATION MANAGEMENT ORGANI -
ZATIONS .—The State must require that a 
charter school’s governing board have access to all the books and records— 
‘‘(A) of any education management organi-
zation with which the board has contracted to manage the school; and 
‘‘(B) that are applicable to that charter 
school. 
‘‘(6) O
PEN MEETINGS AND OPEN RECORDS RE -
QUIREMENTS FOR CHARTER SCHOOLS .—The 
State must provide that charter schools are covered by the State’s open meetings and open records laws to the same extent that public schools and school boards are covered by such laws. 
‘‘(7) C
HARTER SCHOOL AUTHORIZER AUTHOR -
ITY.—The State must have policies in force 
that provide charter school authorizers with the authority to— 
‘‘(A) inspect and obtain copies of any books 
and records of the charter schools they au-thorize, including all contracts entered into by the charter schools; and 
‘‘(B) conduct a review or audit of edu-
cational performance and financial oper-ations of the charter schools they authorize. 
‘‘(8) C
HARTER SCHOOL AUTHORIZER ACCOUNT -
ABILITY .—The State must have policies hold-
ing charter school authorizers responsible for monitoring the educational performance and financial operations of all charter schools that the charter school authorizer has authorized. Such policies must include all of the following: 
‘‘(A) Performance standards for charter 
school authorizers. 
‘‘(B) A standardized and public charter 
school authorizer performance reporting sys-tem that discloses, for each authorizer in each school year— 
‘‘(i) the number of applications received; ‘‘(ii) the number of applications approved; ‘‘(iii) the name, location, and status of 
each authorized school; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4784 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(iv) all charter school closures, decisions 
to deny renewal of charters, or decisions to cancel charters, including reasons for the closures, nonrenewal decisions, or cancella-tion decisions. 
‘‘(C) The provision of technical assistance 
to help authorizers meet performance stand-ards. 
‘‘(D) Authority on the part of an agency or 
instrumentality of the State to suspend or revoke an authorizer’s ability to authorize charter schools on the basis of poor perform-ance, and policies relating to that authority, including— 
‘‘(i) published criteria for such suspensions 
or revocations based on the educational or fi-nancial performance of the schools that are authorized by the charter school authorizer; and 
‘‘(ii) a protocol or policy for reassigning 
authorizer responsibilities for each such school to another appropriate authorizer and assisting with the necessary transition (ex-cept in the case of a State that has only one charter school authorizer). 
‘‘(E) A policy regarding how charter 
schools are monitored and held accountable for— 
‘‘(i) meeting the requirements described in 
section 5110(1); and 
‘‘(ii) providing equitable access and effec-
tively serving the needs of all students, in-cluding students with disabilities and English learners. 
‘‘(F) A policy regarding how the charter 
school authorizer will ensure that the local educational agency that serves a charter school that such charter school authorizer has authorized will comply with subsections (a)(5) and (e)(1)(B) of section 613 of the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act. 
‘‘(9) F
OR-PROFIT CHARTER SCHOOLS .—The 
State must have laws in effect that require for-profit charter schools to— 
‘‘(A) ensure that the charter school’s edu-
cational responsibilities take primacy over other purposes, such as generating financial returns for investors, contributing to a re-lated or parent organization, or supporting external interests; and 
‘‘(B) include board members who have no 
significant administrative position and no ownership interest in the charter school or a related party, as described in 5103(b)(2)(D). 
‘‘(10) D
ISTRICTWIDE MULTI -YEAR SCHOOL  
PLAN .—The State must require local edu-
cational agencies, charter school author-izers, and charter schools to jointly develop and regularly update a districtwide multi- year school plan, which shall be coordinated by the charter school authorizer. 
‘‘(11) I
MPACT STATEMENT .—The State must 
require that before any new charter school application is approved, the local edu-cational agency that serves the charter school or is in the geographic area of the charter school, in accordance with the dis-trictwide multi-year school plan, shall— 
‘‘(A) prepare an impact statement— ‘‘(i) assessing the proposed charter school’s 
impact on the districtwide multi-year school plan; and 
‘‘(ii) identifying the role that the charter 
school intends to fill within the local edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(B) make such impact statement avail-
able to community members prior to the hearing described in subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(C) hold a community input hearing prior 
to the determination about the approval or disapproval of a pending charter school ap-plication. 
‘‘(12) I
MPACT REPORT .—The State edu-
cational agency must prepare, and publish on the State educational agency website, an annual assessment of the impact of charter schools on local educational agencies in the State, including— ‘‘(A) a review of the flow of funding be-
tween sectors, student enrollment trends, and educational outcomes; 
‘‘(B) identification of noteworthy innova-
tive or promising practices carried out by charter schools in the State; and 
‘‘(C) documentation of efforts that lead to 
two-way cross sector sharing of promising practices. 
‘‘(13) C
HARTER SCHOOL DISCLOSURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the State must require each charter school to publicly disclose, on the school’s website, the following: 
‘‘(i) The school’s charter documents. ‘‘(ii) Any performance agreements in effect 
between the charter school and the charter school’s authorizer. 
‘‘(iii) A description of the schools’ pro-
gram, including courses and programs of-fered. 
‘‘(iv) Whether or not transportation serv-
ices are provided, and any fees for transpor-tation. 
‘‘(v) Whether or not meals and snacks are 
served at school and whether or not free or reduced-price meals are available (and, if so, to which students). 
‘‘(vi) Annual student attrition rates by 
grade level. 
‘‘(vii) Student behavior or discipline codes, 
policies, and processes, including parent ap-peal options. 
‘‘(viii) Annual teacher attrition rates. ‘‘(ix) The amounts of non-public funding 
sources, including the duration of philan-thropic funding commitments. 
‘‘(x) The names of legal title holders of 
land and buildings that the charter school utilizes, along with a description of any pub-lic subsidies used directly or indirectly to purchase or lease charter school property. 
‘‘(xi) Fees related to incidentals of attend-
ance, and whether any of those fees are waived for certain students (such as for stu-dents who are eligible to receive a free or re-duced price lunch). 
‘‘(xii) Information related to financial and 
in-kind contributions of support, which shall be— 
‘‘(I) the amount and duration of any Fed-
eral, State, local, and private financial and in-kind contributions of support, and how such funding and in-kind contributions are spent or used; 
‘‘(II) the information required to be sub-
mitted to the Office for Civil Rights for the Civil Rights Data Collection; or 
‘‘(III) in the case of an organization de-
scribed in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code that is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code, the infor-mation required to be submitted on any re-turn to be filed under section 6033 of that Code. 
‘‘(B) P
ERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMA -
TION.—Notwithstanding the requirements 
under subparagraph (A), a charter school shall not provide any information under this paragraph that would reveal personally iden-tifiable information about an individual. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE STATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY  
USES OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible State edu-
cational agency receiving a grant under this section shall— 
‘‘(A) use not less than 90 percent of the 
grant funds to award subgrants to eligible applicants, in accordance with the quality charter school program described in the eli-gible State educational agency’s application pursuant to subsection (f), for the purposes described in subsection (a)(1); 
‘‘(B) reserve not less than 5 percent of such 
funds to carry out the activities described in subsection (a)(2); 
‘‘(C) reserve not more than 3 percent of 
such funds for administrative costs, which may include the administrative costs of pro-
viding technical assistance; and 
‘‘(D) reserve not less than 2 percent of such 
funds for the oversight of charter school use of Federal, State, and local public funds and private funds, including the investigation of fraud, waste, mismanagement and mis-conduct and ensuring compliance with para-graphs (2), (4), and (13) of subsection (b), which may be used by— 
‘‘(i) the State for oversight of each charter 
school in the State; 
‘‘(ii) local educational agencies for over-
sight of public charter schools served by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(iii) charter school authorizers for— ‘‘(I) oversight of each charter school that 
is authorized by such authorizer; and 
‘‘(II) coordination of the districtwide 
multi-year school plan, as described in sub-section (b)(10). 
‘‘(2) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this part shall prohibit the Secretary from awarding grants to eligible State edu-cational agencies, or eligible State edu-cational agencies from awarding subgrants to eligible applicants, that use a weighted lottery, or an equivalent lottery mechanism, to give better chances for school admission to all or a subset of educationally disadvan-taged students if— 
‘‘(A) the use of a weighted lottery in favor 
of such students is not prohibited by State law; and 
‘‘(B) such weighted lottery is not used for 
the purpose of creating schools exclusively to serve a particular subset of students. 
‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM PERIODS ; PEERREVIEW ; DIS-
TRIBUTION OF SUBGRANTS ; WAIVERS .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM PERIODS .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTS .—A grant awarded by the Sec-
retary to an eligible State educational agen-cy under this section shall be for a period of not more than 3 years, and may be renewed by the Secretary for one additional 2-year period. 
‘‘(B) S
UBGRANTS .—A subgrant awarded by 
an eligible State educational agency under this section— 
‘‘(i) shall be for a period of not more than 
3 years, of which an eligible applicant may use not more than 18 months for planning and program design; and 
‘‘(ii) may be renewed by the eligible State 
educational agency for one additional 2-year period. 
‘‘(2) P
EER REVIEW .—The Secretary, and 
each eligible State educational agency awarding subgrants under this section, shall use a peer-review process to review applica-tions for assistance under this section. 
‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION OF SUBGRANTS .—Each eli-
gible State educational agency awarding subgrants under this section shall award sub-grants in a manner that, to the extent prac-ticable and applicable, ensures that such subgrants— 
‘‘(A) prioritize eligible applicants that plan 
to serve a significant number of students from low-income families; 
‘‘(B) are distributed throughout different 
areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas; and 
‘‘(C) will assist charter schools rep-
resenting a variety of educational ap-proaches. 
‘‘(4) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive 
any statutory or regulatory requirement over which the Secretary exercises adminis-trative authority under this Act with respect to charter schools supported under this part, except any such requirement relating to the elements of a charter school, if— 
‘‘(A) the waiver is requested in an approved 
application; and 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that grant-
ing such waiver will promote the purposes of this part. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4785 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(e) L IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS .—An eligible State edu-
cational agency may not receive more than 1 grant under this section at a time. 
‘‘(2) S
UBGRANTS .—An eligible applicant 
may not receive more than 1 subgrant under this section for each individual charter school for each grant period or renewal pe-riod, unless the eligible applicant dem-onstrates to the eligible State educational agency that such individual charter school has demonstrated a strong track record of positive results over the course of the grant period regarding the elements described in subparagraphs (A) and (D) of section 5110(8). 
‘‘(f) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible State edu-
cational agency desiring to receive a grant under this section shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The application shall, in 
addition to citing the applicable policies nec-essary to satisfy the grant eligibility criteria set forth in subsection (b), provide a descrip-tion of the eligible State educational agen-cy’s objectives in running a quality charter school program under this section and how the objectives of the program will be carried out, including a description of the following: 
‘‘(A) How the eligible State educational 
agency will— 
‘‘(i) support the opening of new charter 
schools and, if applicable, the replication or expansion of high-quality charter schools, and the proposed number of charter schools to be opened, replicated, or expanded under the eligible State educational agency’s pro-gram; 
‘‘(ii) inform eligible charter schools, devel-
opers, and charter school authorizers of the availability of funds under the program; 
‘‘(iii) work with eligible applicants to en-
sure that the eligible applicants access all Federal funds that such applicants are eligi-ble to receive, and help the charter schools supported by the applicants and the students attending those charter schools— 
‘‘(I) participate in the Federal programs in 
which the schools and students are eligible to participate; and 
‘‘(II) receive the commensurate share of 
Federal funds the schools and students are eligible to receive under such programs; 
‘‘(iv) ensure each eligible applicant that re-
ceives a subgrant under the eligible State educational agency’s program— 
‘‘(I) is opening or expanding schools that 
meet the definition of a charter school under section 5110; and 
‘‘(II) is prepared to continue to operate 
such charter schools once the subgrant funds under this section are no longer available; 
‘‘(v) support charter schools in local edu-
cational agencies with schools that have been identified by the State under section 1114(a)(1)(A); 
‘‘(vi) work with charter schools to promote 
inclusion of all students and support all stu-dents upon enrollment in order to promote retention of students in the school; 
‘‘(vii) work with charter schools on re-
cruitment practices, including efforts to en-gage groups that may otherwise have limited opportunities to attend charter schools; 
‘‘(viii) promote the sharing of best and 
promising practices among and across their charter, magnet, and traditional school sec-tors; 
‘‘(ix) ensure that charter schools receiving 
funds under the eligible State educational agency’s program meet the educational needs of their students, including students with disabilities and students who are English learners; 
‘‘(x) support efforts to increase charter 
school quality initiatives, including meeting quality authorizing elements in this part; ‘‘(xi) hold charter schools within such eli-
gible State educational agency’s jurisdiction accountable if such schools do not meet the objectives specified in the performance con-tract described in section 5110(1), including by closing unsuccessful schools; and 
‘‘(xii) ensure that local educational agen-
cies within such eligible State educational agency’s jurisdiction comply with sub-sections (a)(5) and (e)(1)(B) of section 613 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. 
‘‘(B) The eligible State educational agen-
cy’s authorizer accountability policies and operations, and plans pursuant to section 5103(b)(8). 
‘‘(C) How the eligible State educational 
agency will ensure that each eligible appli-cant will solicit and consider input from par-ents and other members of the community on the implementation and operation of each charter school that will receive funds under the eligible State educational agency’s pro-gram. 
‘‘(D) How the eligible State educational 
agency will allow for an impartial appeals process for a denial by a charter school au-thorizer of a developer’s application for a charter school. 
‘‘(E) How the eligible State educational 
agency will award subgrants, on a competi-tive basis, to eligible applicants, on the basis of applications that include— 
‘‘(i) the name and address of the public 
charter school and its mission, purpose, and any specialized innovation of the charter school; 
‘‘(ii) a description of the roles and respon-
sibilities of eligible applicants, and of any education management organizations or other organizations with which the eligible applicant will partner to open charter schools, including the administrative and contractual roles and responsibilities of such partners; 
‘‘(iii) the proposed governance structure of 
the school, developed with public input and including, at a minimum, a list of members of the governing board with each member’s qualifications, terms, and full financial dis-closure of any potential conflicts of interest, including relationships with education man-agement organizations, vendors, or other business dealings with the school or other charter schools; 
‘‘(iv) for a traditional public school apply-
ing to convert to a charter school, dem-onstrated support of two-thirds of the fami-lies of children attending the school and two- thirds of the school staff for the conversion; 
‘‘(v) any contract between the charter 
school and an education management organi-zation; 
‘‘(vi) student recruitment, admission, and 
retention policies and practices, including a description of how the school provides equi-table access and effectively serves the needs of all students, including students with dis-abilities and English learners, and imple-ments outreach and recruitment practices that include the families of all students; 
‘‘(vii) the ages and grades of students and 
an estimate of the total enrollment of the school to be served by the charter school; 
‘‘(viii) the number of staff and school lead-
ership positions, including full-time and part-time employees, and qualifications of employees; 
‘‘(ix) a description of the educational pro-
gram, methodology, and services to be of-fered to students, including students who are English learners and students with disabil-ities; 
‘‘(x) information about the school’s daily 
hours of operation and number of days in the school year; ‘‘(xi) a description of how the school will 
engage parents as partners in the education of their children; 
‘‘(xii) a description of transportation serv-
ices provided to and from school for stu-dents; 
‘‘(xiii) a statement that the school will not 
discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation and gender identity, ethnicity, disability, academic achievement, or home language and that the school will comply with Federal and State civil rights laws applicable to other publicly funded elementary and secondary schools; 
‘‘(xiv) evidence of adequate community 
support for and interest in the charter school sufficient to allow the school to reach its an-ticipated enrollment, and an assessment of the projected programmatic and fiscal im-pact of the school on other public and non-public schools in the area; 
‘‘(xv) a description of the health and food 
services to be provided to students attending the school, including whether the school par-ticipates in any free or reduced price lunch programs; 
‘‘(xvi) methods and strategies for serving 
students with disabilities, students who are English learners, and students who are homeless, including compliance with all ap-plicable Federal laws; 
‘‘(xvii) a description of the procedures to 
be followed in the case of the closure or dis-solution of the charter school, including— 
‘‘(I) provisions for the transfer of students 
and student records to the school district in which the charter school is located, which transfer activities may be carried out using funds under this part; 
‘‘(II) the amount of funds that will be held 
in escrow annually to fund closure or dis-solution related costs; and 
‘‘(III) unless State law requires otherwise, 
procedures for the disposition of the charter school’s assets to the local educational agen-cy that serves the charter school or is in the geographic area of the charter school; 
‘‘(xviii) the hiring and personnel policies 
and procedures of the school; 
‘‘(xix) a description of the manner by 
which employees of the charter school will be covered by the State teachers’ retirement system, the public employees’ retirement system, or other pension or retirement plan as well as compensation, health, and other benefits provided to the school’s employees; 
‘‘(xx) for the purposes of a traditional pub-
lic school that seeks to convert to a public charter school, how the charter school will comply with the same public sector labor re-lations laws and regulations as required of traditional public schools, including collec-tive bargaining rights of the employees of the charter school, as applicable under State law; 
‘‘(xxi) a statement that the public charter 
school will conduct or arrange for the per-formance of annual independent financial audits and submit the audits to the eligible State educational agency; 
‘‘(xxii) a 3-year plan to sustain the mainte-
nance, operation, and fiscal stability of the school; 
‘‘(xxiii) a statement that the school will 
maintain a public online site with informa-tion as required in this section, and as other-wise provided in Federal, State, and local re-quirements applicable to other public schools, and a statement that the public charter school will participate in an inde-pendent evaluation, and any other evalua-tions or assessments, in the time and man-ner determined by the eligible State edu-cational agency; and 
‘‘(xxiv) a description of the quality con-
trols agreed to between the eligible appli-cant and the authorizer, such as a contract 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4786 July 7, 2015 
or a performance agreement or financial au-
dits to ensure adequate fiscal oversight. 
‘‘(F) In the case of an eligible State edu-
cational agency that partners with an out-side organization to carry out the entity’s quality charter school program, in whole or in part, a description of the roles and respon-sibilities of the partner. 
‘‘(G) How the eligible State educational 
agency will help the charter schools receiv-ing funds under the eligible State edu-cational agency’s program address the trans-portation needs of the schools’ students. 
‘‘(3) A
SSURANCES .—The application shall, 
in addition to the information described in paragraph (2), include assurances that the el-igible State educational agency will ensure that the charter school authorizer of any charter school that receives funds under the eligible State educational agency’s pro-gram— 
‘‘(A) ensures that the charter school under 
the authority of such agency is meeting the requirements of this Act, part B of the Indi-viduals with Disabilities Education Act, title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973; 
‘‘(B) adequately monitors and provides ade-
quate technical assistance to each charter school under the authority of such agency in recruiting, enrolling, retaining, and meeting the needs of all students, including children with disabilities and students who are English learners; and 
‘‘(C) ensures that each such charter school 
solicits and considers input from parents and other members of the community on the im-plementation and operation of the school. 
‘‘(g) P
ARENT INFORMATION AND RIGHTS .— 
‘‘(1) As a condition for eligibility for fund-
ing under this part, eligible State edu-cational agencies shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that each charter school in the 
State provides the information described in paragraph (2) to the parents of the students who attend the charter school in a manner that is— 
‘‘(i) concise; ‘‘(ii) presented in an understandable and 
uniform format and, to the extent prac-ticable, in a language that parents can un-derstand; and 
‘‘(iii) widely accessible to the public; and ‘‘(B) make such information available on a 
single webpage of the State educational agency’s website. 
‘‘(2) Such information shall include, at a 
minimum, each of the following: 
‘‘(A) Information about the charter 
school’s mission, educational programs, and services. 
‘‘(B) The charter application and the ap-
proved charter document for the school, as well as any performance or other agreements in effect between the charter school and its authorizer. 
‘‘(C) Rules and policies regarding student 
behavior and student disciplinary policies and practices, including suspension and ex-pulsion policies. 
‘‘(D) Information about the provision of 
meals and snacks, including— 
‘‘(i) the number and type of meals and 
snacks served each day; 
‘‘(ii) whether such meals and snacks are 
fully or partially subsidized; and 
‘‘(iii) information about student eligibility 
for free and reduced price lunch programs. 
‘‘(E) Information about transportation to 
and from the school, including any transpor-tation that is free or subsidized to students and the eligibility requirements for free or subsidized transportation. 
‘‘(F) Recruitment and admission policies 
and practices used at each charter school site. 
‘‘(G) Information about the school’s daily, 
weekly, and school year schedule, including hours of operation and number of days in the 
school year. 
‘‘(H) The number of years that the public 
charter school has operated. 
‘‘(I) The maximum number of students in 
each classroom by grade. 
‘‘(J) Staff qualifications (including school 
leadership) and languages spoken by staff. 
‘‘(K) Fees related to incidentals of attend-
ance (other than tuition), and whether any of those fees are waived for certain students (such as for students who are eligible to re-ceive a free or reduced price lunch). 
‘‘(L) Data on attendance and the number of 
suspensions and expulsions by school year, in total and disaggregated by each of the cat-egories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A). 
‘‘(M) Annual student attrition rates by 
grade level. 
‘‘(N) Annual teacher attrition rates and 
numbers, disaggregated by grade level and teaching subject matter, years of experience, and credential. 
‘‘(O) Procedures for parents, students, and 
school employees to appeal school decisions and the procedures and processes for such ap-peals. 
‘‘(P) Other information that would assist a 
parent in making a decision to enroll a child in the public charter school. 
‘‘(3) Notwithstanding the requirements 
under paragraph (2), a charter school shall not provide any information under this sub-section that would reveal personally identifi-able information about an individual. 
‘‘(h) S
ELECTION CRITERIA ; PRIORITY .—The 
Secretary shall award grants to eligible State educational agencies under this sec-tion on the basis of— 
‘‘(1) the quality of the applications sub-
mitted; 
‘‘(2) the performance record of the charter 
sector in the applicant State, including in the areas of promoting high student achieve-ment and growth, identification and use of instructional and other educational program innovations to strengthen public education, financial management, student safety, and compliance with applicable policies; and 
‘‘(3) the eligible State educational agency’s 
plan to solicit and consider input from par-ents and other members of the community on the implementation and operation of the charter schools in the State. 
‘‘(i) S
TATE EVALUATION AND REPORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Beginning not later than 
2 years after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act, each eligible State educational agency receiving a grant under this section shall enter into a contract for an independent evaluation of the charter schools in the State, which shall be carried out on an annual basis. The State edu-cational agency may use grant funds under this section to pay the cost of the inde-pendent evaluation and related reporting. 
‘‘(2) S
UBMISSION TO THE SECRETARY ; PUBLIC  
AVAILABILITY .—Each such independent eval-
uation shall be submitted to the Secretary and shall also be made publicly available on the website of the agency. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS .—The independent evalua-
tion described in paragraph (1) shall include an evaluation of the following: 
‘‘(A) An assessment of the cumulative im-
pact of charter schools on local educational agencies within the State, including on the flows of funding between sectors, student en-rollment trends, staffing, and educational outcomes, along with recommendations for any changes to laws, regulations, or policies to address identified problems. 
‘‘(B) A compilation of profiles of public 
charter school and other charter schools in the State relating to demographic informa-tion on student enrollment and retention. ‘‘(C) Staff and leadership qualifications, 
demographic information and retention in-formation regarding staff, and academic and nonacademic programs provided, in charter schools in the State. 
‘‘(D) The academic achievement of stu-
dents in each public charter school in the State, as compared to students enrolled in other public charter schools within the same local educational agency and as compared to other students enrolled in all public schools in the local educational agency, accounting for differences in student populations served, programs and services provided, and public and nonpublic funding available in the schools students are attending. 
‘‘(E) Adequacy of funding and resource dis-
tribution among public charter schools and noncharter public schools in the State, ac-counting for differences in student popu-lations served and programs and services provided. 
‘‘(F) Recommendations for any changes to 
laws, regulations, or policies that would fa-cilitate improvement of student outcomes in public charter schools in the State. 
‘‘(G) Recommendations for improvements 
in equity, transparency, and accountability of public charter schools in the State to the public and the parents and staff at such pub-lic charter schools. 
‘‘(H) Identification of best and promising 
practices within the sectors of public schools, private schools, and charter schools, in the State and the extent to which these are being shared to improve educational out-comes as a whole, barriers to effective shar-ing, and recommendations for how to reduce such barriers, in the State. 
‘‘(I) How the eligible State educational 
agency has worked with charter schools re-ceiving funds under the State educational agency’s program to foster community in-volvement in the planning for and opening of such schools. 
‘‘SEC. 5103A. GRANTS FOR THE REPLICATION AND 
EXPANSION OF HIGH-QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From amounts reserved 
under section 5102(b)(2), the Secretary shall make grants, on a competitive basis, to eli-gible entities having applications approved under this section to enable such eligible en-tities to replicate a high-quality charter school or expand a high-quality charter school. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—For pur-
poses of this section, the term ‘eligible enti-ty’ means an entity that— 
‘‘(1)(A) is a charter management organiza-
tion that, at the time of the application, op-erates or manages one or more high-quality charter schools; or 
‘‘(B) is a nonprofit organization that over-
sees and coordinates the activities of a group of such charter management organizations; and 
‘‘(2)(A) operates in a State that meets the 
requirements of section 5103(b); or 
‘‘(B) if the entity does not operate in such 
a State, the Secretary has certified that the eligible entity has policies and controls in place that are in compliance with section 5103(b) and the Secretary has determined that awarding a grant under this section to the entity will promote the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—An eligi-
ble entity desiring to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such man-ner as the Secretary may require. The appli-cation shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) Each item that is required for an ap-
plication as described in clauses (i) through (xxiv) of section 5103(f)(2)(E), except that the term ‘eligible entity’ shall be substituted for the term ‘eligible applicant’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4787 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(2) A description of the eligible entity’s 
objectives for implementing a high-quality charter school program with funding under this section, including a description of the proposed number of high-quality charter schools to be replicated or expanded with funding under this section. 
‘‘(3) A description of the educational pro-
gram that the eligible entity will implement in the charter schools that the eligible enti-ty proposes to replicate or expand, including information on how the program will enable all students to meet the challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1), the grade levels or ages of students that will 
be served, and the instructional practices that will be used. 
‘‘(4) A multi-year financial and operating 
model for the eligible entity, including a de-scription of how the operation of the charter schools to be replicated or expanded will be sustained after the grant under this section has ended. 
‘‘(5) A description of how the eligible enti-
ty will inform all students in the commu-nity, including children with disabilities, students who are English learners, and other educationally disadvantaged students, about the charter schools to be replicated or ex-panded with funding under this section. 
‘‘(6) For each charter school currently op-
erated or managed by the eligible entity— 
‘‘(A) student assessment results for all stu-
dents and for each category of students de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xi); and 
‘‘(B) attendance and student retention 
rates for the most recently completed school year and, if applicable, the most recent available 4-year adjusted cohort graduate rate and extended-year adjusted cohort grad-uation rate (as such rates were calculated on the day before enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015). 
‘‘(7) Information on any significant compli-
ance issues encountered, within the last 3 years, by any school operated or managed by the eligible entity, including in the areas of student safety and financial management. 
‘‘(8) An assurance that the eligibly entity 
will comply with the requirements of— 
‘‘(A) section 5103(f)(3); and ‘‘(B) section 5103(g). 
‘‘(d) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
shall select eligible entities to receive grants under this section, on the basis of the qual-ity of— 
‘‘(1) the selection criteria described in sec-
tion 5103(h); 
‘‘(2) the eligible entity’s financial and op-
erating model, including the quality of the eligible entity’s plan for sustaining the oper-ation of the charter schools to be replicated or expanded after the grant under this sec-tion has ended; 
‘‘(3) a determination that the eligible enti-
ty has not operated or managed a significant proportion of charter schools that— 
‘‘(A) have been closed; ‘‘(B) have had a school charter revoked due 
to problems with statutory or regulatory compliance; or 
‘‘(C) have had the school’s affiliation with 
the eligible entity revoked; and 
‘‘(4) a determination that the eligible enti-
ty has not experienced significant problems with statutory or regulatory compliance that could lead to the revocation of a school’s charter. 
‘‘(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that operate or manage charter schools that, in the aggre-gate, serve students at least 60 percent of whom are eligible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act. 
‘‘(f) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Except as 
otherwise provided in this section, grants awarded under this section shall have the 
same terms and conditions as grants award-ed to eligible State educational agencies under section 5103. 
‘‘SEC. 5104. FACILITIES FINANCING ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 5102(b)(1), the Secretary shall use not less than 50 percent to award not less than 3 grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities that have the high-est-quality applications approved under sub-section (d) to demonstrate innovative meth-ods of helping charter schools to address the cost of acquiring, constructing, and ren-ovating facilities by enhancing the avail-ability of loans or bond financing. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—For the 
purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity with at least an upper medium grade credit rating, which shall be— 
‘‘(A) a public entity, such as a State or 
local governmental entity; 
‘‘(B) a private nonprofit entity; or ‘‘(C) a consortium of entities described in 
subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTEE SELECTION .—The Secretary 
shall evaluate each application submitted under subsection (d), and shall determine whether the application is sufficient to merit approval. 
‘‘(c) G
RANT CHARACTERISTICS .—Grants 
under subsection (a) shall be of a sufficient size, scope, and quality so as to ensure an ef-fective demonstration of an innovative means of enhancing credit for the financing of charter school acquisition, construction, or renovation. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity desir-
ing to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary in such form as the Secretary may reason-ably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall contain— 
‘‘(A) a statement identifying the activities 
that the eligible entity proposes to carry out with funds received under subsection (a), in-cluding how the eligible entity will deter-mine which charter schools will receive as-sistance, and how much and what types of assistance charter schools will receive; 
‘‘(B) a description of the involvement of 
charter schools in the application’s develop-ment and the design of the proposed activi-ties; 
‘‘(C) a description of the eligible entity’s 
expertise in capital market financing; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the proposed ac-
tivities will leverage the maximum amount of private-sector financing capital relative to the amount of government funding used and otherwise enhance credit available to charter schools, including how the entity will offer a combination of rates and terms more favorable than the rates and terms that a charter school could receive without assistance from the entity under this sec-tion; 
‘‘(E) a description of how the eligible enti-
ty possesses sufficient expertise in education to evaluate the likelihood of success of a charter school program for which facilities financing is sought; and 
‘‘(F) in the case of an application sub-
mitted by a State governmental entity, a de-scription of the actions that the entity has taken, or will take, to ensure that charter schools within the State receive the funding that charter schools need to have adequate facilities. 
‘‘(e) C
HARTER SCHOOL OBJECTIVES .—An eli-
gible entity receiving a grant under this sec-tion shall use the funds deposited in the re-serve account established under subsection (f) to assist one or more charter schools to 
access private sector capital to accomplish one or more of the following objectives: 
‘‘(1) The acquisition (by purchase, lease, 
donation, or otherwise) of an interest (in-cluding an interest held by a third party for the benefit of a charter school) in improved or unimproved real property that is nec-essary to commence or continue the oper-ation of a charter school. 
‘‘(2) The construction of new facilities, in-
cluding predevelopment costs, or the renova-tion, repair, or alteration of existing facili-ties, necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(3) The predevelopment costs required to 
assess sites for purposes of paragraph (1) or (2) and which are necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(f) R
ESERVE ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—To assist charter 
schools in accomplishing the objectives de-scribed in subsection (e), an eligible entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall, in accordance with State and local law, di-rectly or indirectly, alone or in collabora-tion with others, deposit the funds received under subsection (a) (other than funds used for administrative costs in accordance with subsection (g)) in a reserve account estab-lished and maintained by the eligible entity for this purpose. Amounts deposited in such account shall be used by the eligible entity for one or more of the following purposes: 
‘‘(A) Guaranteeing, insuring, and rein-
suring bonds, notes, evidences of debt, loans, and interests therein, the proceeds of which are used for an objective described in sub-section (e). 
‘‘(B) Guaranteeing and insuring leases of 
personal and real property for an objective described in such subsection. 
‘‘(C) Facilitating financing by identifying 
potential lending sources, encouraging pri-vate lending, and other similar activities that directly promote lending to, or for the benefit of, charter schools. 
‘‘(D) Facilitating the issuance of bonds by 
charter schools, or by other public entities for the benefit of charter schools, by pro-viding technical, administrative, and other appropriate assistance (including the re-cruitment of bond counsel, underwriters, and potential investors and the consolidation of multiple charter school projects within a single bond issue). 
‘‘(2) I
NVESTMENT .—Funds received under 
this section and deposited in the reserve ac-count established under paragraph (1) shall be invested in obligations issued or guaran-teed by the United States or a State, or in other similarly low-risk securities. 
‘‘(3) R
EINVESTMENT OF EARNINGS .—Any 
earnings on funds received under subsection (a) shall be deposited in the reserve account established under paragraph (1) and used in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE  
COSTS.—An eligible entity may use not more 
than 2.5 percent of the funds received under subsection (a) for the administrative costs of carrying out its responsibilities under this section (excluding subsection (k)). 
‘‘(h) A
UDITS AND REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) F INANCIAL RECORD MAINTENANCE AND  
AUDIT .—The financial records of each eligible 
entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall be maintained in accordance with gen-erally accepted accounting principles and shall be subject to an annual audit by an independent public accountant. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTEE ANNUAL REPORTS .—Each eli-
gible entity receiving a grant under sub-section (a) annually shall submit to the Sec-retary a report of the entity’s operations and activities under this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4788 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(B) C ONTENTS .—Each annual report sub-
mitted under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) a copy of the most recent financial 
statements, and any accompanying opinion on such statements, prepared by the inde-pendent public accountant reviewing the fi-nancial records of the eligible entity; 
‘‘(ii) a copy of any report made on an audit 
of the financial records of the eligible entity that was conducted under paragraph (1) dur-ing the reporting period; 
‘‘(iii) an evaluation by the eligible entity 
of the effectiveness of its use of the Federal funds provided under subsection (a) in 
leveraging private funds; 
‘‘(iv) a listing and description of the char-
ter schools served during the reporting pe-riod, including the amount of funds used by each school, the type of project facilitated by the grant, and the type of assistance pro-vided to the charter schools; 
‘‘(v) a description of the activities carried 
out by the eligible entity to assist charter schools in meeting the objectives set forth in subsection (e); and 
‘‘(vi) a description of the characteristics of 
lenders and other financial institutions par-ticipating in the activities carried out by the eligible entity under this section (excluding subsection (k)) during the reporting period. 
‘‘(C) S
ECRETARIAL REPORT .—The Secretary 
shall review the reports submitted under subparagraph (A) and shall provide a com-prehensive annual report to Congress on the activities conducted under this section (ex-cluding subsection (k)). 
‘‘(i) N
OFULLFAITH AND CREDIT FOR GRANT -
EEOBLIGATION .—No financial obligation of 
an eligible entity entered into pursuant to this section (such as an obligation under a guarantee, bond, note, evidence of debt, or loan) shall be an obligation of, or guaranteed in any respect by, the United States. The full faith and credit of the United States is not pledged to the payment of funds which may be required to be paid under any obligation made by an eligible entity pursuant to any provision of this section. 
‘‘(j) R
ECOVERY OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in ac-
cordance with chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code, shall collect— 
‘‘(A) all of the funds in a reserve account 
established by an eligible entity under sub-section (f)(1) if the Secretary determines, not earlier than 2 years after the date on which the eligible entity first received funds under this section (excluding subsection (k)), that the eligible entity has failed to make sub-stantial progress in carrying out the pur-poses described in subsection (f)(1); or 
‘‘(B) all or a portion of the funds in a re-
serve account established by an eligible enti-ty under subsection (f)(1) if the Secretary de-termines that the eligible entity has perma-nently ceased to use all or a portion of the funds in such account to accomplish any pur-pose described in such subsection. 
‘‘(2) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec-
retary shall not exercise the authority pro-vided in paragraph (1) to collect from any el-igible entity any funds that are being prop-erly used to achieve one or more of the pur-poses described in subsection (f)(1). 
‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURES .—The provisions of sec-
tions 451, 452, and 458 of the General Edu-cation Provisions Act shall apply to the re-covery of funds under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) C
ONSTRUCTION .—This subsection shall 
not be construed to impair or affect the au-thority of the Secretary to recover funds under part D of the General Education Provi-sions Act. 
‘‘(k) P
ER-PUPIL FACILITIES AIDPROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF PER -PUPIL FACILITIES AID  
PROGRAM .—In this subsection, the term ‘per- 
pupil facilities aid program’ means a pro-gram in which a State makes payments, on 
a per-pupil basis, to charter schools to pro-vide the schools with financing— 
‘‘(A) that is dedicated solely for funding 
charter school facilities; or 
‘‘(B) a portion of which is dedicated for 
funding charter school facilities. 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 5102(b)(1) and remaining after the Secretary makes grants under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall make grants, on a competitive basis, to States to pay for the Federal share of the cost of establishing or enhancing, and administering, per-pupil facilities aid programs. 
‘‘(B) P
ERIOD .—The Secretary shall award 
grants under this subsection for periods of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(C) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost described in subparagraph (A) for a 
per-pupil facilities aid program shall be not more than— 
‘‘(i) 90 percent of the cost, for the first fis-
cal year for which the program receives as-sistance under this subsection; 
‘‘(ii) 80 percent for the second such year; ‘‘(iii) 60 percent for the third such year; ‘‘(iv) 40 percent for the fourth such year; 
and 
‘‘(v) 20 percent for the fifth such year. ‘‘(D) S
TATE SHARE .—A State receiving a 
grant under this subsection may partner with 1 or more organizations, and such orga-nizations may provide not more than 50 per-cent of the State share of the cost of estab-lishing or enhancing, and administering, the per-pupil facilities aid program. 
‘‘(E) M
ULTIPLE GRANTS .—A State may re-
ceive more than 1 grant under this sub-section, so long as the amount of such grant funds provided to charter schools increases with each successive grant. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subsection shall use the funds made available through the grant to establish or enhance, and administer, a per- pupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State of the applicant. 
‘‘(B) E
VALUATIONS ; TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ; 
DISSEMINATION .—From the amount made 
available to a State through a grant under this subsection for a fiscal year, the State may reserve not more than 5 percent to carry out evaluations, to provide technical assistance, and to disseminate information. 
‘‘(C) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—In ac-
cordance with the method of determination described in section 1117, funds made avail-able under this subsection shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, State and local public funds expended to provide per- pupil facilities aid programs, operations fi-nancing programs, or other programs, for charter schools. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) V OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—No State 
may be required to participate in a program carried out under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE LAW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive 
a grant under this subsection, a State shall establish or enhance, and administer, a per- pupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State, that— 
‘‘(I) is specified in State law; and ‘‘(II) provides annual financing, on a per- 
pupil basis, for charter school facilities. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—A State that is re-
quired under State law to provide its charter schools with access to adequate facility space may be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection if the State agrees to use the funds to develop a per-pupil facilities aid program consistent with the require-ments of this subsection. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to re-
ceive a grant under this subsection, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘SEC. 5105. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount re-
served under section 5102(b)(2) the Secretary shall use such funds to— 
‘‘(1) disseminate technical assistance to el-
igible State educational agencies in award-ing grants under section 5103; 
‘‘(2) disseminate best and promising prac-
tices regarding charter schools; 
‘‘(3) evaluate the impact of the charter 
school program carried out under this part on all students in charter and traditional public schools and on local communities and the overall strength and performance of their public schools; and 
‘‘(4) award grants, on a competitive basis, 
for the purpose of carrying out the activities described in section 5103(a)(1)(B), to eligible applicants that desire to open a charter school, replicate a high-quality charter school, or expand a high quality charter school in— 
‘‘(A) a State that did not apply for a grant 
under section 5103; or 
‘‘(B) a State that did not receive a grant 
under section 5103. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT BY THE SECRETARY .—Not later 
than 6 months after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the relevant appropria-tions committees of Congress, and to the public via the Department’s website, a report responding to— 
‘‘(1) the March 9, 2010, final management 
information report of the Office of the In-spector General of the Department of Edu-cation, which expressed concern about find-ings of inadequate oversight by local edu-cational agencies and charter school author-izers to ensure Federal funds are properly used and accounted for; 
‘‘(2) the September 2012 report of the Office 
of the Inspector General of the Department of Education entitled ‘‘The Office of Innova-tion and Improvement’s Oversight and Moni-toring of the Charter Schools Program’s Planning and Implementation Grants Final Audit Report’’ finding that none of the 3 States whose charter schools programs that Office investigated adequately monitored the public charter schools that the States fund-ed; and 
‘‘(3) describing actions the Department has 
taken to address the concerns described in such memorandum and final audit report.’’. 
(2) in section 5106 (20 U.S.C. 7221e), as re-
designated by section 5001(7), by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) N
EW OR SIGNIFICANTLY EXPANDING  
CHARTER SCHOOLS .—For purposes of imple-
menting the hold harmless protections in sections 1122(c) and 1125A(g)(3) for a newly opened or significantly expanded charter school under subsection (a), a State edu-cational agency shall calculate a hold-harm-less base for the prior year that, as applica-ble, reflects the new or significantly ex-panded enrollment of the charter school.’’; 
(3) in section 5108 (20 U.S.C. 7221g), as re-
designated by section 5001(7), by inserting ‘‘as quickly as possible and’’ before ‘‘to the extent practicable’’; 
(4) in section 5109 (20 U.S.C. 7221f), as redes-
ignated by section 5001(7), by striking ‘‘au-thorized public chartering agency shall en-sure that implementation of this subpart’’ and inserting ‘‘charter school authorizer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4789 July 7, 2015 
shall ensure that implementation of this 
part’’; and 
(5) by striking sections 5110 and 5111 (20 
U.S.C. 7221i; 7221j), as redesignated by sec-tion 5001(7) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5110. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(1) C HARTER SCHOOL .—The term ‘charter 
school’ means a public school that— 
‘‘(A) is afforded autonomy to test innova-
tive educational approaches, consistent with the provisions of this Act, which local edu-cational agencies consider promising; 
‘‘(B) complies with the data collection, re-
porting, auditing, and disclosure provisions of this Act as well as those applicable to other public schools through other Federal, State, and local laws, regulations and poli-cies; 
‘‘(C) admits students on the basis of a lot-
tery, if more students apply for admission that can be accommodated; 
‘‘(D) in the case of a school that has an af-
filiated charter school (such as a school that is part of the same network of schools), auto-matically enrolls students who are enrolled in the immediate prior grade level of the af-filiated charter school and, for any addi-tional student openings or student openings created through regular attrition in student enrollment in the affiliated charter school and the enrolling school, admits students on the basis of a lottery as described in subpara-graph (C); 
‘‘(E) complies with the Age Discrimination 
Act of 1975 (42 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.), title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq.), title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.), section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly referred to as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’), and part B of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.); 
‘‘(F) meets all applicable Federal, State, 
and local health and safety requirements; 
‘‘(G) operates in accordance with State 
law; 
‘‘(H) has a written performance contract 
with a charter school authorizer that in-cludes— 
‘‘(i) a description of how student perform-
ance will be measured on the basis of— 
‘‘(I) State assessments that are required of 
other public schools; and 
‘‘(II) any other assessments that are mutu-
ally agreeable to the charter school author-izer and the charter school; 
‘‘(ii) a requirement that student academic 
achievement and growth, for the students enrolled at the school as a whole and for each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A) (except in a case in which the number of students in a group is insufficient to yield statistically reliable in-formation or the results would reveal person-ally identifiable information about an indi-vidual student) will be used as a primary fac-tor in decisions about the renewal or revoca-tion of the charter, in addition to other cri-teria, as appropriate; 
‘‘(iii) the student academic achievement 
and growth and student retention goals, and, in the case of a high school, graduation rate goals for the students enrolled at the school as a whole and for each of the categories of students, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A) (except in a case in which the number of stu-dents in a group is insufficient to yield sta-tistically reliable information or the results would reveal personally identifiable informa-tion about an individual student), and any other goals to be achieved by the end of the contract period; and ‘‘(iv) the obligations and responsibilities of 
the charter school and the charter school au-thorizer; 
‘‘(I) does not charge tuition; ‘‘(J) is nonsectarian in its programs, ad-
missions policies, employment practices, and all other operations, and is not affiliated with a sectarian school or religious institu-tion; 
‘‘(K) is created by a developer as a public 
school, or is adapted by a developer from an existing public school, and is operated under public supervision and direction; 
‘‘(L) operates in pursuit of a specific set of 
educational objectives determined by the school’s developer and agreed to by the char-ter school authorizer; 
‘‘(M) provides 1 or more programs of ele-
mentary education, secondary education, or both, including early childhood education, and may also provide adult education, in ac-
cordance with State law; and 
‘‘(N) is governed by a separate and inde-
pendent board that exercises authority over 1 or more schools, including authority in the areas of governance, personnel, budget, schedule, and instructional program. 
‘‘(2) C
HARTER MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION .— 
The term ‘charter management organization’ means a nonprofit organization that oper-ates or manages multiple charter schools by centralizing or sharing certain functions or resources. 
‘‘(3) C
HARTER SCHOOL AUTHORIZER .—The 
term ‘charter school authorizer’ means a local educational agency or other public en-tity that has authority pursuant to State law and has been approved by the Secretary to authorize and approve a charter school, and that shall— 
‘‘(A) develop and update regularly a dis-
trictwide multi-year school plan; 
‘‘(B) monitor and assist charter schools in 
complying with applicable requirements, in-cluding data collection and public disclosure requirements and participation in the devel-opment of the districtwide multi-year school plan; 
‘‘(C) establish criteria and processes that 
the charter school authorizer will use in monitoring the performance of each charter school authorized by the charter school au-thorizer, including interventions and any ac-tions leading up to the revocation of a school’s charter if the charter school author-izer finds that such a revocation is necessary to protect the public interest; 
‘‘(D) review the application and hold mean-
ingful public hearings to gather input from the public and parents on applications to es-tablish a charter school or convert another school to a public charter school; 
‘‘(E) provide a statement on the impact of 
the charter school within the local edu-cational agency; and 
‘‘(F) in the case of a State with a cap on 
the number of public charter schools in the State— 
‘‘(i) review and render a decision within 120 
days of receipt of the application for a char-ter school (whether a new school or a conver-sion); and 
‘‘(ii) submit to the State educational agen-
cy the charter school authorizer’s rec-ommendation regarding approval of charter school applicants, in order to allow the State educational agency to conduct an expedited review to determine if the approval described in clause (i) will violate the cap on the num-ber of public charter schools in operation in the State. 
‘‘(4) D
EVELOPER .—The term ‘developer’ 
means an individual or group of individuals (including a public or private nonprofit orga-nization), which may include teachers, ad-ministrators and other school staff, parents, or other members of the local community in which a charter school project will be carried 
out. 
‘‘(5) D
ISTRICTWIDE MULTI -YEAR SCHOOL  
PLAN .—The term ‘districtwide multi-year 
school plan’ means a plan that— 
‘‘(A) is developed and regularly updated, 
with meaningful public input from across the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(B) takes into consideration projected de-
mographic changes, criteria for new school openings or closings, and equitable geo-graphic distribution of schools and students to ensure that all students have access to schools in their communities and a range of specialized programs. 
‘‘(6) E
DUCATION MANAGEMENT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘education management or-
ganization’ means a for-profit or nonprofit organization that operates or manages mul-tiple charter schools by centralizing or shar-ing certain functions or resources. 
‘‘(7) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANT .—The term ‘eligi-
ble applicant’ means a developer that has— 
‘‘(A) applied to a charter school authorizer 
to operate a charter school; and 
‘‘(B) provided adequate and timely notice 
to that charter school authorizer. 
‘‘(8) H IGH-QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘high-quality charter school’ means a charter school that— 
‘‘(A) shows evidence of strong academic re-
sults, which may include strong student aca-demic growth, as determined by a State; 
‘‘(B) has no significant issues in the areas 
of student safety, financial management, or statutory or regulatory compliance; 
‘‘(C) has demonstrated success in signifi-
cantly increasing student academic achieve-ment, including— 
‘‘(i) graduation rates, where applicable, for 
all students served by the charter school; and 
‘‘(ii) graduation rates, where applicable, 
for each of the categories of students, as de-fined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), except that such demonstration is not required in a case in which the number of students in a group is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal per-sonally identifiable information about an in-dividual student; 
‘‘(D) has demonstrated community involve-
ment during the development and operation of the school; and 
‘‘(E) has had 3 successful consecutive an-
nual audits that have not indicated fiscal difficulties, as determined by typical ac-counting standards. 
‘‘SEC. 5111. TRANSITION ARRANGEMENTS. 
‘‘No new Federal grants under this part 
shall be awarded for a period of one year fol-lowing the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, at which time the definition of eligible State educational agen-cy under this part shall take effect. 
‘‘SEC. 5112. CAPS. 
‘‘In awarding grants under this part, the 
Secretary may neither disadvantage nor ad-vantage eligible State educational agency applicants based on whether the State— 
‘‘(1) has a cap on the number of charter 
schools in the State; or 
‘‘(2) expresses an intention to adopt such 
State charter school caps. 
‘‘SEC. 5113. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for fiscal years 2016 and for each of the next 5 succeeding fiscal years.’’. 
SA 2098. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4790 July 7, 2015 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 630, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 5011. FIX AMERICA’S SCHOOLS TODAY. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.) is amended 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART J—FIX AMERICA’S SCHOOLS TODAY 
‘‘SEC. 5910. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Fix Amer-
ica’s Schools Today Act of 2015’. 
‘‘Subpart 1—Elementary and Secondary 
Schools 
‘‘SEC. 5911. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this subpart is to provide 
assistance for the modernization, renova-tion, and repair of elementary school and secondary school buildings for schools that are served by local educational agencies across the United States, in order to support the achievement of improved educational outcomes in such schools. 
‘‘SEC. 5912. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS; APPROPRIATION OF FUNDS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated, 
and there are appropriated, $25,000,000,000 to carry out this subpart which shall be avail-able for obligation by the Secretary until September 30, 2016. 
‘‘SEC. 5913. ALLOCATION OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATIONS .—From the amount 
made available to carry out this subpart, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary 
of the Interior to carry out modernization, renovation, and repair activities described in section 5916 in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education; 
‘‘(2) one-half of 1 percent to make grants to 
the outlying areas for modernization, ren-ovation, and repair activities described in section 5916; and 
‘‘(3) such funds as the Secretary deter-
mines are needed— 
‘‘(A) to conduct a survey, through the Na-
tional Center for Education Statistics, of the school construction, modernization, renova-tion, and repair needs of the public schools of the United States; and 
‘‘(B) to encourage the States to coordinate 
and share information about school facilities standards and best practices. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOCATION .—From the amount 
made available to carry out this subpart and not reserved under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall allocate funds among the States in proportion to their respective allocations under part A of title I for fiscal year 2015, ex-cept that— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary shall allocate 40 percent 
of such funds to the 100 local educational agencies with the largest numbers of chil-dren ages 5 to 17 living in poverty, as deter-mined using the most recent data available from the Department of Commerce that are satisfactory to the Secretary, in proportion to such local educational agencies’ respec-tive allocations under part A of title I for fis-cal year 2015; and 
‘‘(2) the allocation to any State shall be re-
duced by the aggregate amount of the alloca-tions under paragraph (1) to local edu-cational agencies in such State. 
‘‘(c) R
EMAINING ALLOCATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a State does not apply 
for its allocation under subsection (b), ap-plies for less than the full allocation for which the State is eligible, or does not use the allocation in a timely manner, the Sec-retary may— 
‘‘(A) reallocate all or a portion of the allo-
cation to the other States in accordance with subsection (b); or ‘‘(B) use all or a portion of the allocation 
to make direct allocations to local edu-cational agencies within the State based on their respective allocations under part A of title I for fiscal year 2015 or such other meth-od as the Secretary may determine. 
‘‘(2) R
EALLOCATION OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCY FUNDS .—If a local educational agency 
does not apply for its allocation under sub-section (b)(1), applies for less than the full allocation for which the local educational agency is eligible, or does not use the alloca-tion in a timely manner, the Secretary may reallocate all or a portion of such local edu-cational agency’s allocation to the State in which such agency is located. 
‘‘SEC. 5914. STATE USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION .—Each State that re-
ceives a grant under this subpart may re-serve not more than 1 percent of the State’s allocation under section 5913(b) for the pur-pose of administering the grant. 
‘‘(b) F
UNDS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CIES.— 
‘‘(1) F ORMULA SUBGRANTS .—From the grant 
funds that are not reserved under subsection (a), a State shall allocate not less than 50 percent to local educational agencies, in-cluding charter schools that are local edu-cational agencies, that did not receive funds under section 5913(b)(1) from the Secretary, in accordance with their respective alloca-tions under part A of title I for fiscal year 2015, except that no such local educational agency shall receive less than $10,000. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL SUBGRANTS .—The State 
shall use any funds remaining, after reserv-ing funds under subsection (a) and allocating funds under paragraph (1), for subgrants to local educational agencies that did not re-ceive funds under section 5913(b)(1), includ-ing charter schools that are local edu-cational agencies, to support modernization, renovation, and repair projects that the State determines, using objective criteria, are most needed in the State, with priority given to projects in rural local educational agencies. 
‘‘(c) R
EMAINING FUNDS .—If a local edu-
cational agency does not apply for an alloca-tion under subsection (b)(1), applies for less than its full allocation, or fails to use the al-location in a timely manner, the State may reallocate any unused portion to other local educational agencies in accordance with sub-section (b). 
‘‘SEC. 5915. STATE AND LOCAL APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S TATE APPLICATION .—A State that de-
sires to receive a grant under this subpart shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information and assurances as the Secretary may require, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(1) an identification of the State agency 
or entity that will administer the program; 
‘‘(2) a description of the State’s process for 
determining how the grant funds will be dis-tributed and administered, including— 
‘‘(A) how the State will determine the cri-
teria and priorities in making subgrants under section 5914(b)(2); 
‘‘(B) any additional criteria the State will 
use in determining which projects the State will fund under such section; 
‘‘(C) a description of how the State will 
consider— 
‘‘(i) the needs of local educational agencies 
for assistance under this subpart; 
‘‘(ii) the impact of potential projects on 
job creation in the State; 
‘‘(iii) the fiscal capacity of local edu-
cational agencies applying for assistance; 
‘‘(iv) the percentage of children in such 
local educational agencies who are from low- income families; and ‘‘(v) the potential for leveraging assistance 
provided by the grant program through matching or other financing mechanisms; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the State will en-
sure that the local educational agencies re-ceiving subgrants under this subpart meet the requirements of this subpart; 
‘‘(E) a description of how the State will en-
sure that the State and the local educational agencies in the State meet the deadlines es-tablished in section 5917; 
‘‘(F) a description of how the State will 
give priority to the use of green practices that are certified, verified, or consistent with any applicable provisions of— 
‘‘(i) the LEED Green Building Rating Sys-
tem; 
‘‘(ii) Energy Star; ‘‘(iii) the CHPS Criteria; ‘‘(iv) Green Globes; or ‘‘(v) an equivalent program adopted by the 
State or another jurisdiction with authority over the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(G) a description of the steps that the 
State will take to ensure that local edu-cational agencies receiving subgrants will adequately maintain any facilities that are modernized, renovated, or repaired with subgrant funds under this subpart. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL APPLICATION .—A local edu-
cational agency that is eligible to receive a grant under section 5913(b)(1) and desires to receive such grant shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information and assurances as the Secretary may re-quire, which shall include— 
‘‘(1) a description of how the local edu-
cational agency will meet the deadlines and requirements of this subpart; and 
‘‘(2) a description of the steps that the 
local educational agency will take to ade-quately maintain any facilities that are modernized, renovated, or repaired with funds under this subpart. 
‘‘SEC. 5916. USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A local educational 
agency that receives funds under this sub-part shall use such funds only for one or both of the following modernization, renovation, and repair activities in facilities that are used for elementary or secondary education or for early learning programs: 
‘‘(1) Direct payments for school moderniza-
tion, renovation, and repair. 
‘‘(2) Payment of interest on bonds or pay-
ments for other financing instruments that are newly issued for the purpose of financing school modernization, renovation, and re-pair. 
‘‘(b) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available under this subpart shall be 
used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, and local funds that would otherwise be expended to modernize, ren-ovate, or repair eligible school facilities. 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITION .—Funds awarded to local 
educational agencies under this subpart shall not be used for— 
‘‘(1) new construction; ‘‘(2) routine janitorial costs; or ‘‘(3) modernization, renovation, and repair 
of stadiums or other facilities primarily used for athletic contests or exhibitions or other events for which admission is charged to the general public. 
‘‘SEC. 5917. ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) F UNDS AVAILABLE FOR OBLIGATION FOR  
TWOYEARS .—Funds appropriated under sec-
tion 5912 shall be available for obligation by local educational agencies receiving grants from the Secretary under section 5913(b)(1), by States reserving funds under section 5914(a), and by local educational agencies re-ceiving subgrants under section 5914(b)(1) only during the period that ends 24 months after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4791 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(b) F UNDS AVAILABLE FOR OBLIGATION FOR  
THREE YEARS .—Funds appropriated under 
section 5912 shall be available for obligation by local educational agencies receiving sub-grants under section 5914(b)(2) only during the period that ends 36 months after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(c) N
OTCONSIDERED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—For purposes of section 5913(b)(1), 
Hawaii, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico are not local educational agencies. 
‘‘SEC. 5918. REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) D IRECT GRANTS TO LEA S.—Each local 
educational agency that receives a grant under section 5913(b)(1) shall, not later than September 30, 2016, and annually thereafter for each fiscal year in which the local edu-cational agency expends funds received under such section, submit to the Secretary a report that includes— 
‘‘(1) a description of the projects for which 
the grant was, or will be, used; and 
‘‘(2) the number of jobs created by the 
projects funded under such section. 
‘‘(b) S
UBGRANT TO LEA STHROUGH THE  
STATE .—Each local educational agency that 
receives a subgrant from a State under para-graph (1) or (2) of section 5314(b) shall, not later than September 30, 2016, and annually thereafter for each fiscal year in which the local educational agency expends funds re-ceived under such section, submit to the State a report that includes— 
‘‘(1) a description of the projects for which 
the subgrant was, or will be, used; and 
‘‘(2) the number of jobs created by the 
projects funded under such section. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE REPORT TO THE SECRETARY .— 
Each State that receives a report described under subsection (b) shall submit a report to the Secretary containing the information in each report that such State receives in ac-cordance with subsection (b). 
‘‘Subpart 2—Community College 
Modernization 
‘‘SEC. 5921. FEDERAL ASSISTANCE FOR COMMU-
NITY COLLEGE MODERNIZATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) G RANT PROGRAM .—From the amount 
made available under subsection (g), the Sec-retary shall award grants to States to mod-ernize, renovate, or repair existing facilities at community colleges. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION .— 
‘‘(A) R ESERVATIONS .—From the amount 
made available to carry out this subpart for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(i) not more than 0.25 percent for grants 
to institutions that are eligible to receive a grant under section 316 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for moderniza-tion, renovation, and repair activities de-scribed in this subpart; and 
‘‘(ii) not more than 0.25 percent for grants 
to the outlying areas to provide for mod-ernization, renovation, and repair activities described in this subpart. 
‘‘(B) A
LLOCATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), from the funds made available to carry out this subpart for a fiscal year, and not reserved under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall allocate to each State that has an application approved by the Secretary an amount that bears the same relation to such funds as the total number of students in such State who are enrolled in institutions described in section 5931(2)(A) plus the num-ber of students who are estimated to be en-rolled in and pursuing a degree or certificate that is not a baccalaureate, master’s, profes-sional, or other advanced degree at institu-tions described in section 5931(2)(B), based on the proportion of degrees or certificates awarded by such institutions that are not baccalaureate, master’s, professional, or 
other advanced degrees, as reported to the Integrated Postsecondary Data System, bears to the estimated total number of such students in all States. 
‘‘(ii) M
INIMUM ALLOCATION .—No State shall 
receive an allocation under clause (i) for a fiscal year that is less than $2,500,000. 
‘‘(C) R
EALLOCATION .—Amounts not allo-
cated under this section to a State because the State either did not submit an applica-tion under subsection (b), the State sub-mitted an application that the Secretary de-
termined did not meet the requirements of such subsection, or the State cannot dem-onstrate to the Secretary a sufficient de-mand for projects to warrant the full alloca-tion of the funds, shall be proportionately re-allocated under this paragraph to the other States that have a demonstrated need for, and are receiving, allocations under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(D) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—A State that 
receives a grant under this section may use not more than 1 percent of such grant for ad-ministration costs. 
‘‘(3) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available under this section shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, and local funds that would otherwise be expended to modernize, ren-ovate, or repair existing community college facilities. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—A State that desires to 
receive a grant under this section shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information and assurances as the Secretary may require. Such application shall include a description of— 
‘‘(1) how the funds provided under this sec-
tion will improve— 
‘‘(A) instruction at community colleges in 
the State, including how faculty and staff will be consulted regarding uses of funds for projects that will improve instruction at community colleges in the State; and 
‘‘(B) the ability of such colleges to educate 
and train students to meet the workforce needs of employers in the State; 
‘‘(2) the projected start date of each 
project; and 
‘‘(3) the estimated number of persons who 
will be employed through each project. 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITED USES OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Funds awarded under 
this section shall not be used for— 
‘‘(A) routine janitorial costs; ‘‘(B) construction, modernization, renova-
tion, and repair of stadiums or other facili-ties primarily used for athletic contests or exhibitions or other events for which admis-sion is charged to the general public; or 
‘‘(C) construction, modernization, renova-
tion, and repair of facilities— 
‘‘(i) used for sectarian instruction, reli-
gious worship, or a school or department of divinity; or 
‘‘(ii) in which a substantial portion of the 
functions of the facilities are subsumed in a religious mission. 
‘‘(2) 4-
YEAR INSTITUTIONS .—Funds awarded 
to a 4-year public institution of higher edu-cation under this section shall not be used for any facility, service, or program of the institution that is not available to students who are pursuing a degree or certificate that is not a baccalaureate, master’s, profes-sional, or other advanced degree. 
‘‘(d) G
REEN PROJECTS .—In providing assist-
ance to community college projects under this section, the State shall consider the ex-tent to which a community college’s project involves activities that are certified, verified, or consistent with the applicable provisions of— 
‘‘(1) the LEED Green Building Rating Sys-
tem; ‘‘(2) Energy Star; 
‘‘(3) the CHPS Criteria, as applicable; ‘‘(4) Green Globes; or ‘‘(5) an equivalent program adopted by the 
State or the State higher education agency that includes a verifiable method to dem-onstrate compliance with such program. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .—Each State that receives a 
grant under this subpart, shall, not later than September 30, 2016, and annually there-after for each fiscal year in which the State expends funds received under this subpart, submit to the Secretary a report that in-cludes— 
‘‘(1) a description of the projects for which 
the grant was, or will be, used; 
‘‘(2) a description of the amount and na-
ture of the assistance provided to each com-munity college under this subpart; and 
‘‘(3) the number of jobs created by the 
projects funded under this subpart. 
‘‘(f) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS ; AP-
PROPRIATION OF FUNDS .—There are authorized 
to be appropriated, and there are appro-priated, to carry out this section (in addition to any other amounts appropriated to carry out this section and out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated), $5,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(2) F
UNDS AVAILABLE FOR OBLIGATION .— 
Funds appropriated under this subsection shall be available for obligation by commu-nity colleges only during the period that ends 36 months after the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘Subpart 3—General Provisions 
‘‘SEC. 5931. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: 
‘‘(1) C OMMUNITY COLLEGE .—The term ‘com-
munity college’ means— 
‘‘(A) a junior or community college, as 
that term is defined in section 312(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965; or 
‘‘(B) a 4-year public institution of higher 
education that awards a significant number of degrees and certificates, as determined by the Secretary, that are not— 
‘‘(i) baccalaureate degrees (or an equiva-
lent); or 
‘‘(ii) master’s, professional, or other ad-
vanced degrees. 
‘‘(2) CHPS 
CRITERIA .—The term ‘CHPS Cri-
teria’ means the green building rating pro-gram developed by the Collaborative for High Performance Schools. 
‘‘(3) E
NERGY STAR .—The term ‘Energy Star’ 
means the Energy Star program of the De-partment of Energy and the Environmental Protection Agency. 
‘‘(4) G
REEN GLOBES .—The term ‘Green 
Globes’ means the Green Building Initiative environmental design and rating system re-ferred to as Green Globes. 
‘‘(5) LEED 
GREEN BUILDING RATING SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘LEED Green Building Rat-
ing System’ means the United States Green Building Council Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design green building rating standard referred to as the LEED Green Building Rating System. 
‘‘(6) M
ODERNIZATION , RENOVATION , AND RE -
PAIR.—The term ‘modernization, renovation 
and repair’ means— 
‘‘(A) comprehensive assessments of facili-
ties to identify— 
‘‘(i) facility conditions or deficiencies that 
could adversely affect student and staff health, safety, performance, or productivity or energy, water, or materials efficiency; and 
‘‘(ii) needed facility improvements; ‘‘(B) repairing, replacing, or installing 
roofs (which may be extensive, intensive, or semi-intensive ‘green’ roofs), electrical wir-ing, water supply and plumbing systems, sewage systems, storm water runoff systems, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4792 July 7, 2015 
lighting systems (or components of such sys-
tems); or building envelope, windows, ceil-ings, flooring, or doors, including security doors; 
‘‘(C) repairing, replacing, or installing 
heating, ventilation, or air conditioning sys-tems, or components of those systems (in-cluding insulation), including by conducting indoor air quality assessments; 
‘‘(D) repairing, replacing, or installing an 
interior or exterior system that may include paint or coatings, wall covering, drywall or plaster, ceiling, baseboards, or floor cov-ering; 
‘‘(E) compliance with fire, health, seismic, 
and safety codes, including professional in-stallation of fire and life safety alarms, and modernizations, renovations, and repairs that ensure that facilities are prepared for such emergencies as acts of terrorism, cam-pus violence, and natural disasters, such as improving building infrastructure to accom-modate security measures and installing or upgrading technology to ensure that a school or incident is able to respond to such emer-gencies; 
‘‘(F) making modifications necessary to 
make educational facilities accessible in compliance with the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) and section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), except that such modifica-tions shall not be the primary use of a grant or subgrant; 
‘‘(G) abatement, removal, or interim con-
trols of asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, mold, mildew, or lead-based hazards, includ-ing lead-based paint hazards; 
‘‘(H) retrofitting necessary to increase en-
ergy efficiency, which may include insula-tion or reducing heating and cooling costs through thermal coating of school facility roofs; 
‘‘(I) measures, such as selection and substi-
tution of products and materials, and imple-mentation of improved maintenance and operational procedures, such as ‘green clean-ing’ programs, to reduce or eliminate poten-tial student or staff exposure to— 
‘‘(i) volatile organic compounds; ‘‘(ii) particles such as dust and pollens; or ‘‘(iii) combustion gases; ‘‘(J) modernization, renovation, or repair 
necessary to reduce the consumption of coal, electricity, land, oil, or water; 
‘‘(K) installation or upgrading of edu-
cational technology infrastructure; 
‘‘(L) installation or upgrading of renewable 
energy generation and heating systems, in-cluding solar, photovoltaic, wind, biomass (including wood pellet and woody biomass), 
waste-to-energy, solar-thermal, fuel cell, and geothermal systems, and energy audits; 
‘‘(M) modernization, renovation, or repair 
activities related to energy efficiency and re-newable energy, including— 
‘‘(i) insulation of systems functioning as 
heating, venting, or air conditioning; and 
‘‘(ii) improvements to building infrastruc-
tures to accommodate bicycle and pedestrian access; 
‘‘(N) required environmental remediation 
related to facilities modernization, renova-tion, or repair activities described in sub-paragraphs (A) through (M); 
‘‘(O) ground improvements, storm water 
management, landscaping and environ-mental clean-up when necessary; 
‘‘(P) other modernization, renovation, or 
repair to— 
‘‘(i) improve teachers’ ability to teach and 
students’ ability to learn; 
‘‘(ii) ensure the health and safety of stu-
dents and staff; or 
‘‘(iii) improve classroom, laboratory, and 
vocational facilities in order to enhance the quality of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics instruction; and ‘‘(Q) measures designed to reduce or elimi-
nate human exposure to classroom noise and environmental noise pollution. 
‘‘(7) O
UTLYING AREA .—The term ‘outlying 
area’ means the United States Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the Republic of Palau. 
‘‘(8) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States of the United States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the Dis-trict of Columbia. 
‘‘SEC. 5932. BUY AMERICAN. 
‘‘Section 1605 of division A of the American 
Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Pub-lic Law 111–5) shall apply to funds made available under this Act. 
‘‘SEC. 5933. COMPLIANCE WITH DAVIS-BACON 
ACT. 
‘‘All laborers and mechanics employed by 
contractors and subcontractors on projects funded directly by or assisted in whole or in part pursuant to this Act shall be paid wages at rates not less than those prevailing on projects of a character similar in the local-ity as determined by the Secretary of Labor in accordance with subchapter IV of chapter 31 of part A of title 40, United States Code. With respect to the labor standards specified in this section, the Secretary of Labor shall have the authority and functions set forth in Reorganization Plan Numbered 14 of 1950 (64 Stat. 1267; 5 U.S.C. App.) and section 3145 of title 40, United States Code. 
‘‘SEC. 5934. REPORTS. 
‘‘(a) R EPORT BY THE SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary shall submit to the appropriations committees and the authorizing committees (as defined in section 103 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965) of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate an annual report re-garding the grants made under this Act, in-cluding the information described in sections 5918 and 5921(e). 
‘‘(b) GAO.—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to Congress a report evaluating the programs carried out under this part that includes an assessment of the impact and benefits of each school improvement project funded under this part.’’. 
SA 2099. Mr. BROWN (for himself, 
Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mrs. C APITO ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 447, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(X) designating a site resource coordi-
nator at a school or local educational agency to provide a variety of services, such as— 
‘‘(i) establishing partnerships within the 
community to provide resources and support for schools; 
‘‘(ii) ensuring all service and community 
partners are aligned with the academic ex-pectations of a community school in order to improve student success; and 
‘‘(iii) strengthening relationships between 
schools and communities; and 
SA 2100. Mr. BROWN (for himself and 
Mr. M ANCHIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 630, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 5011. FULL-SERVICE COMMUNITY SCHOOLS. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.) is amended 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART J—FULL-SERVICE COMMUNITY 
SCHOOLS 
‘‘SECTION 5911. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Full-Serv-
ice Community Schools Act of 2015’. 
‘‘SEC. 5912. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this title are to— ‘‘(1) improve student learning and develop-
ment by providing supports for students that enable them to graduate college- and career- ready; 
‘‘(2) provide support for the planning, im-
plementation, and operation of full-service community schools; 
‘‘(3) improve the coordination and integra-
tion, accessibility, and effectiveness of serv-ices for children and families, particularly for students attending high-poverty schools, including high-poverty rural schools; 
‘‘(4) enable educators and school personnel 
to complement and enrich efforts to improve academic achievement and other results; 
‘‘(5) ensure that children have the physical, 
social, and emotional well-being to come to school ready to engage in the learning proc-ess every day; 
‘‘(6) promote and enable family and com-
munity engagement in the education of chil-dren; 
‘‘(7) enable more efficient use of Federal, 
State, local, and private sector resources that serve children and families; 
‘‘(8) facilitate the coordination and inte-
gration of programs and services operated by community-based organizations, nonprofit organizations, and State, local, and tribal governments; 
‘‘(9) engage students as resources to their 
communities; and 
‘‘(10) engage the business community and 
other community organizations as partners in the development and operation of full- service community schools. 
‘‘SEC. 5913. DEFINITION OF FULL-SERVICE COM-
MUNITY SCHOOL. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘full-service com-
munity school’ means a public elementary school or secondary school that— 
‘‘(1) participates in a community-based ef-
fort to coordinate and integrate educational, developmental, family, health, and other comprehensive services through community- based organizations and public and private partnerships; and 
‘‘(2) provides access to such services to stu-
dents, families, and the community, such as access during the school year (including before- and after-school hours and week-ends), as well as during the summer. 
‘‘SEC. 5914. LOCAL PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS .—The Secretary may award 
grants to eligible entities to assist public el-ementary schools or secondary schools to function as full-service community schools. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under 
this section shall be used to— 
‘‘(1) coordinate not less than 3 existing 
qualified services and provide not less than 2 additional qualified services at 2 or more public elementary schools or secondary schools; 
‘‘(2) integrate multiple services into a com-
prehensive, coordinated continuum sup-ported by research-based activities which achieve the performance goals established under subsection (c)(4)(E) to meet the holis-tic needs of children; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4793 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(3) if applicable, coordinate and integrate 
services provided by community-based orga-nizations and government agencies with services provided by specialized instruc-tional support personnel. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—To seek a grant under 
this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may re-quire. The Secretary shall require that each such application include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the eligible entity. ‘‘(2) A memorandum of understanding 
among all partner entities that will assist the eligible entity to coordinate and provide qualified services and that describes the roles the partner entities will assume. 
‘‘(3) A description of the capacity of the el-
igible entity to coordinate and provide quali-fied services at 2 or more full-service com-munity schools. 
‘‘(4) A comprehensive plan that includes 
descriptions of the following: 
‘‘(A) The student, family, and school com-
munity to be served, including information about demographic characteristics that in-clude major racial and ethnic groups, median family income, percentage of students eligi-ble for free- and reduced-price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act, and other information. 
‘‘(B) A needs assessment that identifies the 
academic, physical, social, emotional, health, mental health, and other needs of students, families, and community residents. 
‘‘(C) A community assets assessment which 
identifies existing resources, as of the date of the assessment, that could be aligned. 
‘‘(D) The most appropriate metric to de-
scribe the plan’s reach within a community using either— 
‘‘(i) the number of families and students to 
be served, and the frequency of services; or 
‘‘(ii) the proportion of families and stu-
dents to be served, and the frequency of serv-ices. 
‘‘(E) Yearly measurable performance goals, 
including an increase in the percentage of families and students targeted for services each year of the program, which are con-sistent with the following objectives: 
‘‘(i) Children are ready for school. ‘‘(ii) Students are engaged and achieving 
academically. 
‘‘(iii) Students are physically, mentally, 
socially, and emotionally healthy. 
‘‘(iv) Schools and neighborhoods are safe 
and provide a positive climate for learning that is free from bullying or harassment. 
‘‘(v) Families are supportive and engaged 
in their children’s education. 
‘‘(vi) Students and families are prepared 
for postsecondary education and 21st century careers. 
‘‘(vii) Students are contributing to their 
communities. 
‘‘(F) Performance measures to monitor 
progress toward attainment of the goals es-tablished under subparagraph (E), including a combination of the following, to the extent applicable: 
‘‘(i) Multiple objective measures of student 
achievement, including assessments, class-room grades, and other means of assessing student performance. 
‘‘(ii) Attendance (including absences re-
lated to illness and truancy) and chronic ab-senteeism rates. 
‘‘(iii) Disciplinary actions against stu-
dents, including suspensions and expulsions. 
‘‘(iv) Access to health care and treatment 
of illnesses demonstrated to impact aca-demic achievement. 
‘‘(v) Performance in making progress to-
ward intervention services goals as estab-lished by specialized instructional support personnel. ‘‘(vi) Participation rates by parents and 
family members in school-sanctioned activi-ties and activities that occur as a result of community and school collaboration, as well as activities intended to support adult edu-cation and workforce development. 
‘‘(vii) Number and percentage of students 
and family members provided services under this part. 
‘‘(viii) Valid measures of postsecondary 
education and career readiness. 
‘‘(ix) Service-learning and community 
service participation rates. 
‘‘(x) Student satisfaction surveys. ‘‘(G) Qualified services, including existing 
and additional qualified services, to be co-ordinated and provided by the eligible entity and its partner entities, including an expla-nation of— 
‘‘(i) why such services have been selected; ‘‘(ii) how such services will improve stu-
dent academic achievement; and 
‘‘(iii) how such services will address per-
formance goals established under subpara-graph (E). 
‘‘(H) Plans to ensure that each site has 
full-time coordination of qualified services at each full-service community school, in-cluding coordination with the specialized in-structional support personnel employed prior to the receipt of the grant. 
‘‘(I) Planning, coordination, management, 
and oversight of qualified services at each school to be served, including the role of the school principal, partner entities, parents, and members of the community. 
‘‘(J) Funding sources for qualified services 
to be coordinated and provided at each school to be served, including whether such funding is derived from a grant under this section or from other Federal, State, local, or private sources. 
‘‘(K) Plans for professional development 
for personnel managing, coordinating, or de-livering qualified services at the schools to be served. 
‘‘(L) Plans for joint utilization and mainte-
nance of school facilities by the eligible enti-ty and its partner entities. 
‘‘(M) How the eligible entity and its part-
ner entities will focus services on schools eli-gible for a schoolwide program under section 1113(c). 
‘‘(N) Plans for periodic evaluation based 
upon attainment of the performance meas-ures described in subparagraph (F). 
‘‘(O) How the qualified services will meet 
the principles of effectiveness described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(5) A plan for sustaining the programs 
and services outlined in this part. 
‘‘(d) P
RINCIPLES OF EFFECTIVENESS .—For a 
program developed pursuant to this section to meet principles of effectiveness, such pro-gram shall be based upon— 
‘‘(1) an assessment of objective data re-
garding the need for the establishment of a full-service community school and qualified services at each school to be served and in the community involved; 
‘‘(2) an established set of performance 
measures aimed at ensuring the availability and effectiveness of high-quality services; and 
‘‘(3) if appropriate, scientifically based re-
search that provides evidence that the quali-fied services involved will help students meet State and local student academic achievement standards. 
‘‘(e) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that— 
‘‘(1)(A) will serve a minimum of 2 or more 
full-service community schools eligible for a schoolwide program under section 1113(c), as part of a community- or district-wide strat-egy; or ‘‘(B) include a local educational agency 
that satisfies the requirements of— 
‘‘(i) subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 
6211(b)(1); or 
‘‘(ii) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 
6221(b)(1); and 
‘‘(2) will be connected to a consortium 
comprised of a broad representation of stakeholders, or a consortium demonstrating a history of effectiveness. 
‘‘(f) G
RANT PERIOD .—Each grant awarded 
under this section shall be for a period of 5 years and may be renewed at the discretion of the Secretary based on the eligible enti-ty’s demonstrated effectiveness in meeting the performance goals and measures estab-lished under subparagraphs (E) and (F) of subsection (c)(4). 
‘‘(g) P
LANNING .—The Secretary may au-
thorize an eligible entity to use grant funds under this section for planning purposes in an amount not greater than 10 percent of the total grant amount. 
‘‘(h) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary 
may not award a grant to an eligible entity under this section in an amount that is less than $75,000 for each year of the 5-year grant period. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A DDITIONAL QUALIFIED SERVICES .—The 
term ‘additional qualified services’ means qualified services directly funded under this part. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means a consortium of 1 or more local educational agencies and 1 or more community-based organizations, nonprofit organizations, or other public or private en-tities. 
‘‘(3) E
XISTING QUALIFIED SERVICES .—The 
term ‘existing qualified services’ means qualified services already being financed, as of the time of the application, by Federal, State, local, or private sources, or volunteer activities being supported as of such time by civic, business, faith-based, social, or other similar organizations. 
‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED SERVICES .—The term ‘quali-
fied services’ means any of the following: 
‘‘(A) Early childhood education. ‘‘(B) Remedial education activities and en-
richment activities, including expanded learning time. 
‘‘(C) Summer or after-school enrichment 
and learning experiences. 
‘‘(D) Programs under the Head Start Act, 
including Early Head Start programs. 
‘‘(E) Nurse home visitation services. ‘‘(F) Teacher home visiting. ‘‘(G) Programs that promote parental in-
volvement and family literacy. 
‘‘(H) Mentoring and other youth develop-
ment programs, including peer mentoring and conflict mediation. 
‘‘(I) Parent leadership development activi-
ties. 
‘‘(J) Parenting education activities. ‘‘(K) Child care services. ‘‘(L) Community service and service-learn-
ing opportunities. 
‘‘(M) Developmentally appropriate phys-
ical education. 
‘‘(N) Programs that provide assistance to 
students who have been truant, suspended, or expelled. 
‘‘(O) Job training, internship opportuni-
ties, and career counseling services. 
‘‘(P) Nutrition services. ‘‘(Q) Primary health and dental care. ‘‘(R) Mental health counseling services. ‘‘(S) Adult education, including instruction 
in English as a second language. 
‘‘(T) Juvenile crime prevention and reha-
bilitation programs. 
‘‘(U) Specialized instructional support 
services. 
‘‘(V) Homeless prevention services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4794 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(W) Other services consistent with this 
part. 
‘‘SEC. 5915. STATE PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS .—The Secretary may award 
grants to State collaboratives to support the development of full-service community school programs in accordance with this sec-tion. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under 
this section shall be used only for the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Developing a State comprehensive re-
sults and indicators framework to imple-ment full-service community schools, con-sistent with performance goals described in section 5914(c)(4)(E). 
‘‘(2) Planning, coordinating, and expanding 
the development of full-service community schools in the State, particularly such schools in high-poverty local educational agencies, including high-poverty rural local educational agencies. 
‘‘(3) Providing technical assistance and 
training for full-service community schools, including professional development for per-sonnel and creation of data collection and evaluation systems. 
‘‘(4) Collecting, evaluating, and reporting 
data about the progress of full-service com-munity schools. 
‘‘(5) Evaluating the impact of Federal and 
State policies and guidelines on the ability of eligible entities (as defined in section 5914(i)) to integrate Federal and State pro-grams at full-service community schools, and taking action to make necessary changes. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—To seek a grant under 
this section, a State collaborative shall sub-mit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The Secretary shall require that each such application include the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) A memorandum of understanding 
among all governmental agencies and non-profit organizations that will participate as members of the State collaborative. 
‘‘(2) A description of the expertise of each 
member of the State collaborative— 
‘‘(A) in coordinating Federal and State 
programs across multiple agencies; 
‘‘(B) in working with and developing the 
capacity of full-service community schools; and 
‘‘(C) in working with high-poverty schools 
or rural schools and local educational agen-cies. 
‘‘(3) A comprehensive plan describing how 
the grant will be used to plan, coordinate, and expand the delivery of services at full- service community schools. 
‘‘(4) A comprehensive accountability plan 
that will be used to demonstrate effective-ness, including the measurable performance goals of the program and performance meas-ures to monitor progress and assess services’ impact on students and families and aca-demic achievement. 
‘‘(5) An explanation of how the State col-
laborative will work to ensure State policies and guidelines can support the development of full-service community schools, as well as provide technical assistance and training, in-cluding professional development, for full- service community schools. 
‘‘(6) An explanation of how the State will 
collect and evaluate information on full- service community schools. 
‘‘(d) G
RANT PERIOD .—Each grant awarded 
under this section shall be for a period of 5 years. 
‘‘(e) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary 
may not award a grant to a State collabo-rative under this section in an amount that is less than $500,000 for each year of the 5- year grant period. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion: 
‘‘(1) S TATE .—The term ‘State’ includes the 
several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and any other territory or possession of the United States. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE COLLABORATIVE .—The term 
‘State collaborative’ means a collaborative of a State educational agency and not less than 2 other governmental agencies or non-profit organizations that provide services to children and families. 
‘‘SEC. 5916. ADVISORY COMMITTEE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is hereby es-
tablished an advisory committee to be known as the ‘Full-Service Community Schools Advisory Committee’ (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘Advisory Com-mittee’). 
‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—Subject to subsection (c), the 
Advisory Committee shall— 
‘‘(1) consult with the Secretary on the de-
velopment and implementation of programs under this part; 
‘‘(2) identify strategies to improve the co-
ordination of Federal programs in support of full-service community schools; and 
‘‘(3) issue an annual report to Congress on 
efforts under this part, including a descrip-tion of— 
‘‘(A) the results of local and national eval-
uations of such efforts; and 
‘‘(B) the scope of services being coordi-
nated under this part. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out its du-
ties under this section, the Advisory Com-mittee shall consult annually with eligible entities awarded grants under section 5914, State collaboratives awarded grants under section 5915, and other entities with exper-tise in operating full-service community schools. 
‘‘(d) M
EMBERS .—The Advisory Committee 
shall consist of 5 members as follows: 
‘‘(1) The Secretary of Education (or the 
Secretary’s delegate). 
‘‘(2) The Attorney General of the United 
States (or the Attorney General’s delegate). 
‘‘(3) The Secretary of Agriculture (or the 
Secretary’s delegate). 
‘‘(4) The Secretary of Health and Human 
Services (or the Secretary’s delegate). 
‘‘(5) The Secretary of Labor (or the Sec-
retary’s delegate). 
‘‘SEC. 5917. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Sec-
retary, directly or through grants, shall pro-vide such technical assistance as may be ap-propriate to accomplish the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(b) E
VALUATIONS BY SECRETARY .—The 
Secretary shall conduct evaluations on the effectiveness of grants under sections 5914 and 5915 in achieving the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATIONS BY GRANTEES .—The Sec-
retary shall require each recipient of a grant under this part— 
‘‘(1) to conduct periodic evaluations of the 
progress achieved with the grant toward achieving the purposes of this part; 
‘‘(2) to use such evaluations to refine and 
improve activities conducted with the grant and the performance measures for such ac-tivities; and 
‘‘(3) to make the results of such evalua-
tions publicly available, including by pro-viding public notice of such availability. 
‘‘(d) C
ONSTRUCTION CLAUSE .—Nothing in 
this part shall be construed to alter or other-wise affect the rights, remedies, and proce-dures afforded school or school district em-ployees under Federal, State, or local laws (including applicable regulations or court or-ders) or under the terms of collective bar-
gaining agreements, memoranda of under-standing, or other agreements between such employees and their employers. 
‘‘(e) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available to a grantee under this part may be used only to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local 
funds that would otherwise be available to carry out the activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘(f) M
ATCHING FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
quire each recipient of a grant under this part to provide matching funds from non- Federal sources in an amount determined under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF MATCH .— 
‘‘(A) S LIDING SCALE .—Subject to subpara-
graph (B), the Secretary shall determine the amount of matching funds to be required of a grantee under this subsection based on a sliding fee scale that takes into account— 
‘‘(i) the relative poverty of the population 
to be targeted by the grantee; and 
‘‘(ii) the ability of the grantee to obtain 
such matching funds. 
‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary 
may not require any grantee under this part to provide matching funds in an amount that exceeds the amount of the grant award. 
‘‘(3) I
N-KIND CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall permit grantees under this part to match funds in whole or in part with in- kind contributions. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATION .—Notwithstanding this 
subsection, the Secretary shall not consider an applicant’s ability to match funds when determining which applicants will receive grants under this part. 
‘‘(g) S
PECIAL RULE.—Entities receiving 
funds under this part shall comply with all existing Federal statutes that prohibit dis-crimination. 
‘‘SEC. 5918. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(b) A
LLOCATION .—Of the amounts appro-
priated to carry out this part for each fiscal year— 
‘‘(1) 85 percent shall be for section 5914, and 
of the funds available for new grants award-ed under such section after the date of enact-ment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, not less than 10 percent of such funds shall be made available for local educational agen-cies that satisfy the requirements of— 
‘‘(A) subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 
6211(b)(1); or 
‘‘(B) subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 
6221(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) 10 percent shall be for section 5915; and ‘‘(3) 5 percent shall be for subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 5917, of which not less than $500,000 shall be for technical assistance under section 5917(a).’’. 
SA 2101. Mr. ENZI submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 1020 ll. PROTECTION OF THE RIGHTS AND 
PRIVACY OF PARENTS AND STU-DENTS. 
Section 444 of the General Education Pro-
visions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(4)(A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘by an educational agency or institution, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4795 July 7, 2015 
by a person acting for such agency or insti-
tution’’ and inserting ‘‘in any format by an educational agency or institution, by a per-son or third party collecting or maintaining such information through the active inter-vention, facilitation, or authorization of such agency or institution, or by a person or third party acting for such agency or institu-tion’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A)(i) employees and other school offi-
cials, including teachers within the edu-cational institution or local educational agency, who have been determined by such agency or institution to have legitimate edu-cational interests, including the educational interests of the child for whom consent would otherwise be required; or 
‘‘(ii) a contractor, or an organization con-
ducting a study under subparagraph (F), if such contractor or organization— 
‘‘(I) performs an institutional service of 
function for which the educational agency or institution would otherwise use employees; 
‘‘(II) is under the direct control of the edu-
cational agency or institution with respect to the use and maintenance of education records; 
‘‘(III) limits internal access to education 
records to those individuals who are deter-mined to have legitimate educational inter-ests; 
‘‘(IV) does not use education records for 
any other purposes than those explicitly au-thorized in the contract or agreement; 
‘‘(V) does not disclose any personally iden-
tifiable information to any other party— 
‘‘(aa) without the prior written consent of 
the parent of the student; or 
‘‘(bb) unless required by law or court order, 
in which case the party shall provide a no-tice of the required disclosure to the edu-cational agency or institution that provided the information by not later than the date the disclosure is required except when pro-viding notice of the disclosure is expressly prohibited by the law or court order; 
‘‘(VI) maintains reasonable administrative, 
technical, and physical safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of student personally identifiable informa-tion in its custody; 
‘‘(VII) uses encryption technologies to pro-
tect data while in motion or in its custody from unauthorized disclosure using a tech-nology or methodology specified by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services in the guidance issued on April 27, 2009 (74 Fed. Reg. 
19006) under section 13402(h)(2) of the Amer-ican Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (42 U.S.C. 17932(h)(2)); 
‘‘(VIII) has sufficient administrative and 
technical procedures to monitor continu-ously the security of personally identifiable information in the custody of the contractor or organization; 
‘‘(IX) conducts a security audit annually 
and provides the results of that audit to the educational agency or institution from which the contractor, consultant, or other party received education records; 
‘‘(X) provides the educational agency or in-
stitution with a breach remediation plan ac-ceptable to the educational agency or insti-tution prior to initial receipt of education records; 
‘‘(XI) reports all suspected security 
breaches to the educational agency or insti-tution that provided education records as soon as possible, but not later than 48 hours, after a suspected breach was known or would have been known by exercising reasonable diligence; 
‘‘(XII) reports all actual security breaches 
to the educational agency or institution that provided education records as soon as pos-
sible, but no later than 24 hours after an ac-tual breach was known or would have been known by exercising reasonable diligence; 
‘‘(XIII) in the event of a security breach or 
unauthorized disclosure of personally identi-fiable information, pays all costs and liabil-ities incurred by the educational agency or institution providing the education record related to the security breach or unauthor-ized disclosure, including the costs of— 
‘‘(aa) responding to inquiries about the se-
curity breach or unauthorized disclosure; 
‘‘(bb) notifying individuals, including par-
ents of students, whose personally identifi-able information was held by the contractor, consultant, or other party about the breach or unauthorized disclosure; 
‘‘(cc) mitigating the effects of the breach 
or unauthorized disclosure for such individ-uals; and 
‘‘(dd) investigating the cause or con-
sequences of the security breach or unau-thorized disclosure; and 
‘‘(XIV) destroys or returns to the edu-
cational agency or institution all personally identifiable information in its custody upon request and at the termination of the con-tract or agreement;’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)(i), by inserting 
‘‘under the direct control’’ after ‘‘authorized representatives’’; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (F) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(F) organizations conducting studies for, 
or on behalf of, educational agencies or insti-tutions for the purpose of developing, vali-dating, or administering predictive tests, ad-ministering student aid programs, and im-proving instruction, if such studies are— 
‘‘(i) explicitly approved by the educational 
agencies or institutions through a written agreement; 
‘‘(ii) conducted in such a manner as will 
not permit the personal identification of stu-dents and their parents by persons other than representatives of such organizations and such information will be destroyed when no longer needed for the purpose for which it is conducted; and 
‘‘(iii) consistent with subparagraph 
(A)(ii);’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘adminis-
tered by State or local educational agencies or by an institution’’ after ‘‘Federally-sup-ported education program’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘adminis-
tered by a State or local educational agency or by an institution’’ after ‘‘State supported education program’’. 
SA 2102. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, 
Mr. B ROWN , and Mrs. C APITO ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 137, between lines 7 and 8, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(6) C OMPREHENSIVE SERVICES .—If health, 
nutrition, and other social services are not otherwise available to children in a school operating a schoolwide program under this section and such school, if appropriate, has established a collaborative partnership with local service providers and funds are not rea-sonably available from other public or pri-vate sources to provide such services, then the school may use a portion of the funds provided under this subsection to provide such services to economically disadvantaged students, including through— ‘‘(A) the provision of basic medical equip-
ment and services, such as eyeglasses and hearing aids; 
‘‘(B) compensation of a coordinator; ‘‘(C) family support and engagement serv-
ices; 
‘‘(D) health care services and integrated 
student supports to address the physical, mental, and emotional well-being of chil-dren; and 
‘‘(E) professional development necessary to 
assist teachers, specialized instructional support personnel, other staff, and parents in identifying and meeting the comprehensive needs of the children in the school. 
SA 2103. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself 
and Mrs. S HAHEEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 444, strike line 2 and insert the fol-
lowing: school; or 
‘‘(iii) promote volunteerism and commu-
nity service;’’. 
SA 2104. Mr. MANCHIN (for himself 
and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 69, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(N) how the State educational agency will 
provide support to local educational agencies for the education of children facing sub-stance abuse in the home, which may include how such agency will provide professional development, training, and technical assist-ance to local educational agencies, elemen-tary schools, and secondary schools in com-munities with high rates of substance abuse; and’’. 
SA 2105. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 181, between lines 18 and 19, insert 
the following: 
(b) C OMPARABILITY OF SERVICES .—Section 
1117, as redesignated by section 1004(3) and amended by this section, is further amended by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) C
OMPARABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) C OMPARABILITY .—Beginning for the 
2017–2018 school year, a local educational agency may receive funds under this part only if the local educational agency dem-onstrates to the State educational agency that the combined State and local per-pupil expenditures (including actual personnel and actual non-personnel expenditures) in each school served under this part, in the most re-cent year for which such data are available, were not less than the average combined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4796 July 7, 2015 
State and local per-pupil expenditures (in-
cluding actual personnel and actual non-per-sonnel expenditures) for those schools that are not served under this part. 
‘‘(B) A
LTERNATIVE COMPARABILITY .—If the 
local educational agency is serving all of the schools under its jurisdiction under this part, the agency shall demonstrate to the State educational agency that the combined State and local per-pupil expenditures (in-cluding actual personnel and actual non-per-sonnel expenditures) for each of its higher- poverty schools, in the most recent year for which such data are available, were not less than the average combined State and local per-pupil expenditures (including actual per-sonnel and actual non-personnel expendi-tures) for its lower-poverty schools. 
‘‘(C) B
ASIS.—A local educational agency 
may meet the requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) on a local educational agency- wide basis or a grade-span by grade-span basis. 
‘‘(D) E
XCLUSION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For the purpose of com-
plying with this paragraph, a local edu-cational agency shall exclude any State or local funds expended in any school for— 
‘‘(I) excess costs of providing services to 
English learners; 
‘‘(II) excess costs of providing services to 
children with disabilities; 
‘‘(III) capital expenditures; and ‘‘(IV) such other expenditures as the Sec-
retary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(ii) C
HANGES AFTER THE BEGINNING OF THE  
SCHOOL YEAR .—A local educational agency 
need not include unpredictable changes in student enrollment or personnel assignments that occur after the beginning of a school year in determining compliance under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) D
OCUMENTATION .—A local educational 
agency shall demonstrate that it is meeting the requirements of paragraph (1) by submit-ting to the State educational agency for each school served by the local educational agency— 
‘‘(A) the State and local per-pupil expendi-
tures (including actual personnel expendi-tures and actual non-personnel expendi-tures); 
‘‘(B) actual personnel expenditures from 
State and local sources; 
‘‘(C) actual non-personnel expenditures 
from State and local sources; and 
‘‘(D) total expenditures from State and 
local sources. 
‘‘(3) I
NAPPLICABILITY .—This subsection 
shall not apply to a local educational agency that does not have more than 1 building for 
each grade span. 
‘‘(4) P
ROCESS AND PROCEDURES .— 
‘‘(A) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RESPON -
SIBILITIES .—Each local educational agency 
assisted under this part shall, by October 31, 2018, report to the State educational agency on its compliance with the requirements of this subsection for the preceding school year, including by providing a listing, by school, of actual combined per-pupil State and local personnel and non-personnel expenditures, consistent with paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RESPON -
SIBILITIES .—Each State educational agency 
assisted under this part shall ensure that the information under subparagraph (A), includ-ing the listings of expenditures by school, is made publicly available by the State or the local educational agency. 
‘‘(5) T
RANSITION PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(A) S CHOOL YEARS PRECEDING THE 2017 –2018 
SCHOOL YEAR .—For school years preceding 
the 2017–2018 school year, a local educational agency may receive funds under this part only if the local educational agency dem-onstrates to the State educational agency that the local educational agency meets the requirements of this subsection, as in effect 
on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(B) T
RANSITION BETWEEN REQUIREMENTS .— 
The Secretary shall take such steps as are necessary to provide for the orderly transi-tion between the requirements under this section, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, and the new require-ments under this section, as amended by such Act. 
‘‘(6) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to require a local educational agency to transfer school personnel in order to comply with this sub-section. 
‘‘(7) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this 
subsection: 
‘‘(A) H IGHER -POVERTY SCHOOL .—The term 
‘higher poverty school’ means a school that is in the highest 3 quartiles of schools served by a local educational agency, based on the percentage of enrolled students from low-in-come families. 
‘‘(B) L
OWER -POVERTY SCHOOL .—The term 
‘lower poverty school’ means a school that is in the lowest quartile of schools served by a local educational agency, based on the per-centage of enrolled students from low-in-come families.’’. 
SA 2106. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 361, line 3, strike ‘‘school leaders, 
and’’ and insert ‘‘school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel (as appro-priate), and’’. 
On page 362, line 19, insert ‘‘specialized in-
structional support personnel (as appro-priate),’’ after ‘‘other school leaders,’’. 
On page 364, line 20, strike ‘‘and school per-
sonnel’’ and insert ‘‘school personnel, and specialized instructional support personnel (as appropriate)’’. 
On page 366, line 5, strike ‘‘and school per-
sonnel’’ and insert ‘‘specialized instructional support personnel (as appropriate), and school personnel’’. 
On page 367, line 2, insert ‘‘or specialized 
instructional support personnel’’ after ‘‘li-brarians’’. 
SA 2107. Mr. TESTER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 654, strike lines 7 through 10. 
On page 683, lines 16 and 17, strike ‘‘7132, as 
redesignated by section 7001(2),’’ and insert ‘‘7135’’. 
On page 683, line 18, strike ‘‘ 7132’’ and in-
sert ‘‘ 7135’’. 
SA 2108. Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for her-
self and Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie 
on the table; as follows: 
On page 369, strike lines 1 and 2 and insert 
the following: 
‘‘(2) improving student engagement in, and 
increasing student access to, such subjects, including for students from groups underrep-resented in such subjects, such as female stu-dents, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and economically disadvantaged students; 
Beginning on page 374, strike lines 17 
through 22 and insert the following: 
‘‘(C) how the State’s proposed project will 
ensure increased access for students who are members of groups underrepresented in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics subject fields (which may include fe-male students, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and eco-nomically disadvantaged students) to high- quality courses in 1 or more of the identified subjects; and 
On page 375, strike lines 8 through 12 and 
insert the following: 
‘‘(1) Increasing access for students through 
grade 12 who are members of groups under-represented in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics subject fields, such as female students, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and eco-nomically disadvantaged students, to high- quality courses in the identified subjects. 
On page 377, between lines 22 and 23, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(iii) A description of how the eligible sub-
grantee will use funds provided under this subsection for services and activities to in-crease access for students who are members of groups underrepresented in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics sub-ject fields, which may include female stu-dents, minority students, English learners, children with disabilities, and economically disadvantaged students, to high-quality courses in 1 or more of the State’s identified subjects. Such activities and services may include after-school activities or other infor-mal learning opportunities designed to en-courage interest and develop skills in 1 or more of such subjects. 
On page 381, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(iv) broaden student access to 
mentorship, tutoring, and after-school ac-tivities or other informal learning opportu-nities designed to encourage interest and de-velop skills in 1 or more of the State’s iden-tified subjects; 
SA 2109. Ms. HIRONO (for herself and 
Mr. H ELLER ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 43, between lines 5 and 6, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(VI) for local educational agencies with 
not less than 1,000 total Asian and Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander students, the same race response categories as the decennial census of the population; and 
SA 2110. Mr. DAINES (for himself, 
Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. V ITTER , 
Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. L EE, Mr. L ANKFORD , 
Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. C RAPO ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4797 July 7, 2015 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After part B of title X, insert the fol-
lowing: 
PART C—A PLUS ACT 
SECTION 10301. SHORT TITLE; PURPOSE; DEFINI-
TIONS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This part may be cited 
as the ‘‘Academic Partnerships Lead Us to Success Act’’ or the ‘‘A PLUS Act’’. 
(b) P
URPOSE .—The purposes of this part are 
as follows: 
(1) To give States and local communities 
added flexibility to determine how to im-prove academic achievement and implement education reforms. 
(2) To reduce the administrative costs and 
compliance burden of Federal education pro-grams in order to focus Federal resources on improving academic achievement. 
(3) To ensure that States and communities 
are accountable to the public for advancing the academic achievement of all students, especially disadvantaged children. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided, the terms used in this part have the meanings given the terms in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.). 
(2) O
THER TERMS .—In this part: 
(A) A CCOUNTABILITY .—The term ‘‘account-
ability’’ means that public schools are an-swerable to parents and other taxpayers for the use of public funds and shall report stu-dent progress to parents and taxpayers regu-larly. 
(B) D
ECLARATION OF INTENT .—The term 
‘‘declaration of intent’’ means a decision by a State, as determined by State Authorizing Officials or by referendum, to assume full management responsibility for the expendi-ture of Federal funds for certain eligible pro-grams for the purpose of advancing, on a more comprehensive and effective basis, the educational policy of such State. 
(C) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 1122(e) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6332(e)). 
(D) S
TATE AUTHORIZING OFFICIALS .—The 
term ‘‘State Authorizing Officials’’ means the State officials who shall authorize the submission of a declaration of intent, and any amendments thereto, on behalf of the State. Such officials shall include not less than 2 of the following: 
(i) The governor of the State. (ii) The highest elected education official 
of the State, if any. 
(iii) The legislature of the State. (E) S
TATE DESIGNATED OFFICER .—The term 
‘‘State Designated Officer’’ means the person designated by the State Authorizing Officials to submit to the Secretary, on behalf of the State, a declaration of intent, and any amendments thereto, and to function as the point-of-contact for the State for the Sec-retary and others relating to any respon-sibilities arising under this part. 
SEC. 10302. DECLARATION OF INTENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State is authorized 
to submit to the Secretary a declaration of intent permitting the State to receive Fed-eral funds on a consolidated basis to manage the expenditure of such funds to advance the educational policy of the State. 
(b) P
ROGRAMS ELIGIBLE FOR CONSOLIDATION  
ANDPERMISSIBLE USE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) S COPE.—A State may choose to include 
within the scope of the State’s declaration of intent any program for which Congress makes funds available to the State if the program is for a purpose described in the El-
ementary and Education Secondary Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301). A State may not include any program funded pursuant to the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.). 
(2) U
SES OF FUNDS .—Funds made available 
to a State pursuant to a declaration of in-tent under this part shall be used for any educational purpose permitted by State law of the State submitting a declaration of in-tent. 
(3) R
EMOVAL OF FISCAL AND ACCOUNTING  
BARRIERS .—Each State educational agency 
that operates under a declaration of intent under this part shall modify or eliminate State fiscal and accounting barriers that prevent local educational agencies and schools from easily consolidating funds from other Federal, State, and local sources in order to improve educational opportunities and reduce unnecessary fiscal and account-ing requirements. 
(c) C
ONTENTS OF DECLARATION .—Each dec-
laration of intent shall contain— 
(1) a list of eligible programs that are sub-
ject to the declaration of intent; 
(2) an assurance that the submission of the 
declaration of intent has been authorized by the State Authorizing Officials, specifying the identity of the State Designated Officer; 
(3) the duration of the declaration of in-
tent; 
(4) an assurance that the State will use fis-
cal control and fund accounting procedures; 
(5) an assurance that the State will meet 
the requirements of applicable Federal civil rights laws in carrying out the declaration of intent and in consolidating and using the funds under the declaration of intent; 
(6) an assurance that in implementing the 
declaration of intent the State will seek to advance educational opportunities for the disadvantaged; 
(7) a description of the plan for maintain-
ing direct accountability to parents and other citizens of the State; and 
(8) an assurance that in implementing the 
declaration of intent, the State will seek to use Federal funds to supplement, rather than supplant, State education funding. 
(d) D
URATION .—The duration of the dec-
laration of intent shall not exceed 5 years. 
(e) R EVIEW AND RECOGNITION BY THE SEC-
RETARY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
view the declaration of intent received from the State Designated Officer not more than 60 days after the date of receipt of such dec-laration, and shall recognize such declara-tion of intent unless the declaration of in-tent fails to meet the requirements under subsection (c). 
(2) R
ECOGNITION BY OPERATION OF LAW .—If 
the Secretary fails to take action within the time specified in paragraph (1), the declara-tion of intent, as submitted, shall be deemed to be approved. 
(f) A
MENDMENT TO DECLARATION OF IN-
TENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The State Authorizing Of-
ficials may direct the State Designated Offi-cer to submit amendments to a declaration of intent that is in effect. Such amendments shall be submitted to the Secretary and con-sidered by the Secretary in accordance with subsection (e). 
(2) A
MENDMENTS AUTHORIZED .—A declara-
tion of intent that is in effect may be amend-ed to— 
(A) expand the scope of such declaration of 
intent to encompass additional eligible pro-grams; 
(B) reduce the scope of such declaration of 
intent by excluding coverage of a Federal program included in the original declaration of intent; (C) modify the duration of such declaration 
of intent; or 
(D) achieve such other modifications as the 
State Authorizing Officials deem appro-priate. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment shall 
specify an effective date. Such effective date shall provide adequate time to assure full compliance with Federal program require-ments relating to an eligible program that has been removed from the coverage of the declaration of intent by the proposed amend-ment. 
(4) T
REATMENT OF PROGRAM FUNDS WITH -
DRAWN FROM DECLARATION OF INTENT .—Begin-
ning on the effective date of an amendment executed under paragraph (2)(B), each pro-gram requirement of each program removed from the declaration of intent shall apply to the State’s use of funds made available under the program. 
SEC. 10303. TRANSPARENCY FOR RESULTS OF 
PUBLIC EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State operating 
under a declaration of intent under this part shall inform parents and the general public regarding the student achievement assess-ment system, demonstrating student progress relative to the State’s determina-tion of student proficiency, as described in paragraph (2), for the purpose of public ac-countability to parents and taxpayers. 
(b) A
CCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM .—The State 
shall determine and establish an account-ability system to ensure accountability under this part. 
(c) R
EPORT ON STUDENT PROGRESS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the effective date of the declaration of intent, and annually thereafter, a State shall disseminate widely to parents and the general public a report that describes student progress. The report shall include— 
(1) student performance data disaggregated 
in the same manner as data are disaggregated under section 1111(b)(3)(A) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(3)(A)); and 
(2) a description of how the State has used 
Federal funds to improve academic achieve-
ment, reduce achievement disparities be-tween various student groups, and improve educational opportunities for the disadvan-taged. 
SEC. 10304. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), the amount that a State with a declaration of intent may expend for ad-ministrative expenses shall be limited to 1 percent of the aggregate amount of Federal funds made available to the State through the eligible programs included within the scope of such declaration of intent. 
(b) S
TATES NOTCONSOLIDATING FUNDS  
UNDER PA R TAO F TITLE I.—If the declaration 
of intent does not include within its scope part A of title I of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.), the amount spent by the State on administrative expenses shall be limited to 3 percent of the aggregate amount of Federal funds made available to the State pursuant to such declaration of intent. 
SEC. 10305. EQUITABLE PARTICIPATION OF PRI-
VATE SCHOOLS. 
Each State consolidating and using funds 
pursuant to a declaration of intent under this part shall provide for the participation of private school children and teachers in the activities assisted under the declaration of intent in the same manner as participation is provided to private school children and teachers under section 9501 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7881). 
SA 2111. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and 
Mr. R EID) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4798 July 7, 2015 
SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part B of title X, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lllll . POSTHUMOUS PARDON. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-
lowing: 
(1) John Arthur ‘‘Jack’’ Johnson was a 
flamboyant, defiant, and controversial figure in the history of the United States who chal-lenged racial biases. 
(2) Jack Johnson was born in Galveston, 
Texas, in 1878 to parents who were former slaves. 
(3) Jack Johnson became a professional 
boxer and traveled throughout the United States, fighting White and African-American heavyweights. 
(4) After being denied (on purely racial 
grounds) the opportunity to fight 2 White champions, in 1908, Jack Johnson was grant-ed an opportunity by an Australian promoter to fight the reigning White title-holder, Tommy Burns. 
(5) Jack Johnson defeated Tommy Burns to 
become the first African-American to hold the title of Heavyweight Champion of the World. 
(6) The victory by Jack Johnson over 
Tommy Burns prompted a search for a White boxer who could beat Jack Johnson, a re-cruitment effort that was dubbed the search for the ‘‘great white hope’’. 
(7) In 1910, a White former champion named 
Jim Jeffries left retirement to fight Jack Johnson in Reno, Nevada. 
(8) Jim Jeffries lost to Jack Johnson in 
what was deemed the ‘‘Battle of the Cen-tury’’. 
(9) The defeat of Jim Jeffries by Jack 
Johnson led to rioting, aggression against African-Americans, and the racially-moti-vated murder of African-Americans through-out the United States. 
(10) The relationships of Jack Johnson 
with White women compounded the resent-ment felt toward him by many Whites. 
(11) Between 1901 and 1910, 754 African- 
Americans were lynched, some simply for being ‘‘too familiar’’ with White women. 
(12) In 1910, Congress passed the Act of 
June 25, 1910 (commonly known as the ‘‘White Slave Traffic Act’’ or the ‘‘Mann Act’’) (18U.S.C. 2421 et seq.), which outlawed the transportation of women in interstate or foreign commerce ‘‘for the purpose of pros-titution or debauchery, or for any other im-
moral purpose’’. 
(13) In October 1912, Jack Johnson became 
involved with a White woman whose mother disapproved of their relationship and sought action from the Department of Justice, claiming that Jack Johnson had abducted her daughter. 
(14) Jack Johnson was arrested by Federal 
marshals on October 18, 1912, for trans-porting the woman across State lines for an ‘‘immoral purpose’’ in violation of the Mann Act. 
(15) The Mann Act charges against Jack 
Johnson were dropped when the woman re-fused to cooperate with Federal authorities, and then married Jack Johnson. 
(16) Federal authorities persisted and sum-
moned a White woman named Belle Schreiber, who testified that Jack Johnson had transported her across States lines for the purpose of ‘‘prostitution and debauch-ery’’. 
(17) In 1913, Jack Johnson was convicted of 
violating the Mann Act and sentenced to 1 year and 1 day in Federal prison. (18) Jack Johnson fled the United States to 
Canada and various European and South American countries. 
(19) Jack Johnson lost the Heavyweight 
Championship title to Jess Willard in Cuba in 1915. 
(20) Jack Johnson returned to the United 
States in July 1920, surrendered to authori-ties, and served nearly a year in the Federal penitentiary at Leavenworth, Kansas. 
(21) Jack Johnson subsequently fought in 
boxing matches, but never regained the Heavyweight Championship title. 
(22) Jack Johnson served the United States 
during World War II by encouraging citizens to buy war bonds and participating in exhi-bition boxing matches to promote the war bond cause. 
(23) Jack Johnson died in an automobile 
accident in 1946. 
(24) In 1954, Jack Johnson was inducted 
into the Boxing Hall of Fame. 
(25) Senate Concurrent Resolution 29,111th 
Congress, agreed to July 29, 2009, expressed the sense of the 111th Congress that Jack Johnson should receive a posthumous pardon for his racially-motivated 1913 conviction. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—It remains the 
sense of Congress that Jack Johnson should receive a posthumous pardon— 
(1) to expunge a racially-motivated abuse 
of the prosecutorial authority of the Federal Government from the annals of criminal jus-tice in the United States; and 
(2) in recognition of the athletic and cul-
tural contributions of Jack Johnson to soci-ety. 
SA 2112. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 284, between lines 11 and 12, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(C) O PTIONAL USES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The State educational 
agency for a State that receives an allot-ment under subsection (b) may use not more than 1 percent of funds available and not re-served under paragraph (1) to establish, ex-pand, or implement 1 or more teacher or principal preparation academies and to pro-vide for a State authorizer, if— 
‘‘(I) the State does not have in place legal, 
statutory, or regulatory barriers to the cre-ation or operation of teacher or principal preparation academies; 
‘‘(II) the State enables candidates attend-
ing a teacher or principal preparation acad-emy to be eligible for State financial aid to the same extent as participants in other State-approved teacher or principal prepara-tion programs, including alternative certifi-cation, licensure, or credential programs; 
‘‘(III) the State enables teachers or prin-
cipals who are teaching or working while on alternative certificates, licenses, or creden-tials to teach or work in the State while en-rolled in a teacher or principal preparation academy; and 
‘‘(IV) the State will recognize a certificate 
of completion (from any teacher or principal preparation academy that is not, or is unaf-filiated with, an institution of higher edu-cation), as at least the equivalent of a mas-ter’s degree in education for the purposes of hiring, retention, compensation, and pro-motion in the State. 
‘‘(ii) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subparagraph: 
‘‘(I) T EACHER OR PRINCIPAL PREPARATION  
ACADEMY .—The term ‘teacher or principal preparation academy’ means a public or 
other nonprofit institution that will prepare teachers or principals, or both, to serve in high need schools and that— 
‘‘(aa) enters into an agreement with a 
State authorizer that specifies the goals ex-pected of the institution, including— 
‘‘(AA) a requirement that teacher or prin-
cipal candidates, or teachers teaching or principals serving on alternative certifi-cates, licenses, or credentials, who are en-rolled in the academy receive a significant part of their training through clinical prepa-ration that partners candidates with mentor teachers or principals with a demonstrated track record of success in improving student growth, including (where applicable) chil-dren with disabilities, children living in pov-erty, and English learners; and 
‘‘(BB) a requirement that the academy will 
provide instruction to teacher candidates 
that links to the clinical preparation experi-ence; 
‘‘(CC) the number of teachers or principals 
the academy will produce and the minimum number and percentage of teachers or prin-cipals who will demonstrate success in im-proving student performance based on mul-tiple measures (including student growth); 
‘‘(DD) a requirement that the teacher prep-
aration component of the academy will only award a certificate of completion (or degree, if the academy is, or is affiliated with, an in-stitution of higher education) after the grad-uate demonstrates a track record of success in improving student performance based on multiple measures (including student growth), either as a student teacher or teacher-of-record on an alternative certifi-cate, license, or credential; 
‘‘(EE) a requirement that the principal 
preparation component of the academy will only award a certificate of completion (or degree, if the academy is, or is affiliated with, an institution of higher education) after the graduate demonstrates a track record of success in improving student per-formance for some or all of a school’s stu-dents; and 
‘‘(FF) timelines for producing cohorts of 
graduates and conferring certificates of com-pletion (or degrees, if the academy is, or is affiliated with, an institution of higher edu-cation) from the academy; 
‘‘(bb) shall not have unnecessary restric-
tions placed on the methods the academy will use to train teacher or principal can-didates (or teachers or principals that are teaching or working while on alternative certificates, licenses, or credentials), includ-ing restrictions or requirements— 
‘‘(AA) obligating the faculty of the acad-
emy to hold advanced degrees, or prohibiting the faculty of the academy from holding ad-vanced degrees; 
‘‘(BB) obligating such faculty to conduct 
academic research; 
‘‘(CC) related to the physical infrastruc-
ture of the academy; 
‘‘(DD) related to the number of course 
credits required as part of the program of study; 
‘‘(EE) related to the undergraduate 
coursework completed by teachers teaching on alternative certificates, licenses, or cre-dentials, as long as such teachers have suc-cessfully passed all relevant State-approved content area examinations; or 
‘‘(FF) related to obtaining additional ac-
creditation from a national accrediting body; and 
‘‘(cc) limits admission to its program to 
candidates who demonstrate strong potential to improve student achievement, based on a rigorous selection process that reviews a candidate’s prior academic achievement or record of professional accomplishment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4799 July 7, 2015 
‘‘(II) S TATE AUTHORIZER .—The term ‘State 
authorizer’ means an entity designated by the Governor of a State to recognize teacher or principal preparation academies within the State that— 
‘‘(aa) enters into an agreement with a 
teacher or principal preparation academy that specifies the goals expected of the acad-emy, as described in subclause (I)(aa); 
‘‘(bb) may be a nonprofit organization, 
State educational agency, or other public en-tity, or consortium of such entities (includ-ing a consortium of States); and 
‘‘(cc) does not reauthorize a teacher or 
principal preparation academy if the acad-emy fails to produce the minimum number or percentage of effective teachers or prin-cipals, respectively, identified in the acad-emy’s authorizing agreement. 
‘‘(iii) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—Funds 
used in accordance with this subparagraph shall be used to supplement, and not sup-plant, non-Federal funds that would other-wise be used for activities authorized under this subparagraph.’’. 
SA 2113. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. 
A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 424, strike lines 5 through 12 and 
insert the following: 
‘‘(1) not more than 5 percent for national 
activities authorized under section 4109; 
On page 452, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4109. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) APRA-ED.—From the funds reserved 
under section 4103(a)(1) to carry about this section, the Secretary may reserve not more than 40 percent for each fiscal year to carry out the activities of the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Education established under section 221 of the Department of Edu-cation Organization Act, as added by part C of title X of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015. 
‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL ACTIVITIES .—From the funds 
reserved under section 4103(a)(1) and not fur-ther reserved in accordance with subsection (a), the Secretary may carry out national ac-tivities directly or through grants, con-tracts, or agreements with public or private entities or individuals, or other Federal agencies, such as providing technical assist-ance to States and local educational agen-cies carrying out activities under this part or conducting a national evaluation.’’. 
At the end of title X, add the following: 
PART C—ADVANCED RESEARCH 
PROJECTS AGENCY-EDUCATION 
SEC. 10301. ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS 
AGENCY-EDUCATION. 
The Department of Education Organization 
Act (20 U.S.C. 3401 et seq.) is amended by in-serting after section 220 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 221. ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS 
AGENCY-EDUCATION. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There shall be in the 
Department an Advanced Research Projects Agency-Education (referred to in this section as ‘ARPA-ED’). 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSES .—ARPA-ED is established 
under this section for the purposes of pur-suing breakthrough research and develop-ment in educational technology and pro-viding the effective use of the technology to improve achievement for all students, by— 
‘‘(1) identifying and promoting revolu-
tionary advances in fundamental and applied sciences and engineering that could be trans-
lated into new learning technologies; 
‘‘(2) developing novel learning tech-
nologies, and the enabling processes and con-texts for effective use of those technologies; 
‘‘(3) developing, testing, and evaluating the 
impact and efficacy of those technologies; 
‘‘(4) accelerating transformational techno-
logical advances in areas in which the pri-vate sector, by itself, is not likely to accel-erate such advances because of difficulties in implementation or adoption, or technical and market uncertainty; 
‘‘(5) coordinating activities with non-
governmental entities to demonstrate tech-nologies and research applications to facili-tate technology transfer; and 
‘‘(6) encouraging educational research 
using new technologies and the data pro-duced by the technologies. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORITIES OF SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary is authorized to— 
‘‘(1) appoint a Director, who shall be re-
sponsible for carrying out the purposes of ARPA-ED, as described in subsection (b), and such additional functions as the Secretary may prescribe; 
‘‘(2) establish processes for the develop-
ment and execution of projects and the solic-itation of entities to carry out the projects in a manner that is— 
‘‘(A) tailored to the purposes of ARPA-ED 
and not constrained by other Department- wide administrative requirements that could detract from achieving program results; and 
‘‘(B) designed to heighten transparency, 
and public- and private-sector involvement, to ensure that investments are made in the most promising areas; 
‘‘(3) award grants, contracts, cooperative 
agreements, and cash prizes, and enter into other transactions (in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary may establish regarding other transactions); 
‘‘(4) make appointments of up to 20 sci-
entific, engineering, professional, and other mission-related employees, for periods of up to 4 years (which appointments may not be renewed) without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing ap-pointments in the competitive service; 
‘‘(5)(A) prescribe the rates of basic pay for 
the personnel described in paragraph (4) at 
rates not in excess of the maximum rate of basic pay authorized for senior-level posi-tions under section 5376 of title 5, United States Code, notwithstanding any provision of that title governing the rates of basic pay or classification of employees in the execu-tive branch, but those personnel shall not re-ceive any payment for service (such as an award, premium payment, incentive pay-ment or bonus, allowance, or other similar payment) under any other provision of that title; and 
‘‘(B) pay any employee appointed pursuant 
to paragraph (4) payments in addition to that basic pay, except that the total amount of those payments for any calendar year shall not exceed the lesser of— 
‘‘(i) $25,000; or ‘‘(ii) the difference between the employee’s 
annual rate of basic pay under paragraph (4) and the annual rate for level I of the Execu-tive Schedule under section 5312 of title 5, United States Code, based on the rates in ef-fect at the end of the applicable calendar year (or, if the employee separated during that year, on the date of separation); 
‘‘(6) obtain independent, periodic, rigorous 
evaluations, as appropriate, of— 
‘‘(A) the effectiveness of the processes 
ARPA-ED is using to achieve its purposes; and 
‘‘(B) the effectiveness of individual 
projects assisted by ARPA-ED, using evi-dence standards developed in consultation with the Institute of Education Sciences, and the suitability of ongoing projects as-
sisted by ARPA-ED for further investment or increased scale; and 
‘‘(7) disseminate, through the comprehen-
sive centers established under section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9602), the regional educational laboratories system established under sec-tion 174 of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 (20 U.S.C. 9564), or such other means as the Secretary determines to be ap-propriate, information on effective practices and technologies developed with ARPA-ED support. 
‘‘(d) E
VALUATION FUNDS .—The Secretary 
may use funds made available for ARPA-ED to pay the cost of the evaluations under sub-section (c)(6). 
‘‘(e) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.— 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any advisory committee convened by the Secretary to provide advice with respect to this section shall be exempt from the re-quirements of the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) and the definition of ‘employee’ in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, shall not be considered to in-clude any appointee to such a committee. 
‘‘(f) N
ONDUPLICATION .—To the maximum 
extent practicable, the Secretary shall en-sure that grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, cash prizes, or other assistance or arrangements awarded or entered into pursuant to this section that are designed to carry out the purposes of ARPA-ED do not duplicate activities under programs carried out under Federal law other than this sec-tion by the Department or other Federal agencies.’’. 
SA 2114. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: 
PART C—PROVIDING PROGRAMS 
THROUGH SCHOOLS 
SEC. 10301. PROVIDING PROGRAMS THROUGH 
SCHOOLS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to provide flexibility to allow services re-lated to health, education, workforce train-ing, and other social issues affecting the well-being of children and their families to be co-located in public elementary and sec-ondary schools, if the school so chooses. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPLICABLE SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘ap-
plicable Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Education, or an-other head of an agency, as the case may be, who has administrative responsibility over a program, activity, or service authorized under a covered HELP program. 
(2) C
OVERED HELP PROGRAM .—The term 
‘‘covered HELP program’’ means the fol-lowing: 
(A) A program, activity, or service author-
ized under— 
(i) the Abandoned Infants Assistance Act 
of 1988 (42 U.S.C. 670 note); 
(ii) the Act of August 16, 1937 (commonly 
known as the ‘‘National Apprenticeship Act’’; 50 Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.); 
(iii) the Assistive Technology Act of 1998 
(29 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); 
(iv) the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-
nical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4800 July 7, 2015 
(v) the Child Abuse Prevention and Treat-
ment Act (42 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.); 
(vi) the Child Care and Development Block 
Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858); 
(vii) the Children’s Health Act of 2000 (Pub-
lic Law 106–310; 114 Stat. 1101); 
(viii) the Christopher and Dana Reeve Pa-
ralysis Act (42 U.S.C. 284o et seq.); 
(ix) the Community Services Block Grant 
Act (42 U.S.C. 9901 et seq.); 
(x) the Developmental Disabilities Assist-
ance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 15001 et seq.); 
(xi) the Domestic Volunteer Service Act of 
1973 (42 U.S.C. 4950 et seq.); 
(xii) the Education Sciences Reform Act of 
2002 (20 U.S.C. 9501 et seq.); 
(xiii) the Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.); 
(xiv) the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 
U.S.C. 1001 et seq.); 
(xv) the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et 
seq.); 
(xvi) the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-
cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.); 
(xvii) the Low Income Home Energy As-
sistance Act of 1981 (42 U.S.C. 8261 et seq.); 
(xviii) the National and Community Serv-
ice Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12501 et seq.); 
(xix) the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 
U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); 
(xx) the Public Health Service Act (42 
U.S.C. 201 et seq.); 
(xxi) the Runaway and Homeless Youth 
Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); 
(xxii) the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 
U.S.C. 701 et seq.); 
(xxiii) section 212 of the Second Chance Act 
(Public Law 110–199); 
(xxiv) the Special Olympics Sport and Em-
powerment Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15001 note); 
(xxv) section 1404A of the Victims of Crime 
Act of 1984 (42 U.S.C. 10603a); 
(xxvi) the Wagner-Peyser Act (29 U.S.C. 49 
et seq.); and 
(xxvii) the Workforce Innovation and Op-
portunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101); or 
(B) a program, activity, or service des-
ignated by an applicable Secretary under subsection (d). 
(3) E
SEA DEFINITIONS .—The terms ‘‘elemen-
tary school’’, ‘‘local educational agency’’, and ‘‘secondary school’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(c) O
FFERING PROGRAMS IN SCHOOLS .—An 
applicable Secretary who has administrative responsibility under Federal law for any cov-ered HELP program shall allow funds for the covered HELP program to be used to provide the authorized program, activities, or serv-ices at a public elementary school or sec-ondary school, notwithstanding any provi-sion of the law authorizing the covered HELP program or any other provision of law, if— 
(1) the Secretary determines that such 
use— 
(A) furthers the purpose of the covered 
HELP program; 
(B) serves the population designated to be 
served by the covered HELP program, as de-termined by the Secretary; and 
(C) is beneficial to the children served by 
the school and the families of such students; and 
(2) the school at which the program, activi-
ties, or services will be offered— 
(A) believes that the program is beneficial 
to the children served by the school and the families of such students and would not en-danger the safety of the students; and 
(B) provides the Secretary with an assur-
ance demonstrating that the requirement of subparagraph (A) is met and that the school has consulted with the local educational agency serving the school regarding the pro-
vision of the program, activities, or services. 
(d) U
SE IN OTHER PROGRAMS .—An applica-
ble Secretary may designate a program under such Secretary’s authority to be in-cluded as a covered HELP program if— 
(1) the applicable Secretary— (A) determines that expanding the pro-
gram, or the activities or services offered through the program, to be offered through schools would benefit the population to be served by the program and be consistent with the purposes of this Act; and 
(B) determines, in consultation with the 
Secretary of Education, that providing such program, activities, or services at a public elementary school or secondary school would benefit the students attending the school and the families of such students; and 
(2) the applicable Secretary notifies Con-
gress of the Secretary’s determination not less than 60 days before the applicable Sec-retary carries out subsection (b) with respect to the program. 
SA 2115. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part B of title X, insert the 
following: 
SEC. llll . COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY 
ON INCREASING EFFECTIVENESS OF EXISTING SERVICES AND PROGRAMS INTENDED TO BENEFIT CHILDREN. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall provide to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that includes— 
(1) a description and assessment of the ex-
isting federally funded services and pro-grams across all agencies that have a pur-pose or are intended to benefit or serve chil-dren, including— 
(A) the purposes, goals, and organizational 
and administrative structure of such services and programs at the Federal, State, and local level; and 
(B) methods of delivery and implementa-
tion; and 
(2) recommendations to increase the effec-
tiveness, coordination, and integration of such services and programs, across agencies and levels of government, in order to lever-age existing resources and better and more comprehensively serve children. 
SA 2116. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 3005, insert the following: 
SEC. 3006. REPORT ON IDENTIFICATION OF 
ENGLISH LEARNERS IN EARLY CHILDHOOD. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Edu-cation, in collaboration with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Na-tional Academy of Sciences, shall provide a written report to the authorizing commit-tees containing information about— (1) how federally funded early childhood 
education programs identify students as English learners; and 
(2) the extent to which the transition be-
tween early childhood education and elemen-tary school can be strengthened for English learners, including recommendations for im-proving the quality and delivery of early childhood education programs in order to help early childhood English learners achieve a level of English language pro-ficiency such that those children can be transitioned from English learner programs and services. 
SA 2117. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 111, between lines 24 and 25, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(2) T ESTING TRANSPARENCY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), each local educational agency that re-ceives funds under this part shall make wide-ly available through public means, including by posting in a clear, concise, and easily ac-cessible manner on the local educational agency’s website and, to the extent prac-ticable, on the website of each school served by the local educational agency, for each grade served by the local educational agency or school, information on each assessment required by the State to comply with section 1111, other assessments required by the State, and assessments required districtwide by the local educational agency, including— 
‘‘(i) the subject matter assessed; ‘‘(ii) the purpose for which the assessment 
is designed and used; 
‘‘(iii) the source of the requirement for the 
assessment; 
‘‘(iv) the amount of time students will 
spend taking the assessment, and the sched-ule and calendar for the assessment; and 
‘‘(v) the time and format for disseminating 
results. 
‘‘(B) LEA 
THAT DOES NOT OPERATE A  
WEBSITE .—In the case of a local educational 
agency that does not operate a website, such local educational agency shall determine how to make the information described in subparagraph (A) widely available, such as through distribution of that information to the media, through public agencies, or di-rectly to parents. 
SA 2118. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. 
PORTMAN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 56, strike lines 9 through 12 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(aa) student readiness to enter postsec-
ondary education or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remediation, which may include— 
‘‘(AA) measures that integrate preparation 
for postsecondary education and the work-force, including performance in coursework sequences that integrate rigorous academics, work-based learning, and career and tech-nical education; 
‘‘(BB) measures of a high-quality and ac-
celerated academic program as determined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4801 July 7, 2015 
appropriate by the State, which may include 
the percentage of students who participate in a State-approved career and technical pro-gram of study as described in section 122(c)(1)(A) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 and meas-ures of technical skill attainment and place-ment described in section 113(b) of such Act and reported by the State in a manner con-sistent with section 113(c) of such Act, or other substantially similar measures; 
‘‘(CC) student performance on assessments 
aligned with the expectations for first-year postsecondary education success; 
‘‘(DD) student performance on admissions 
tests for postsecondary education; 
‘‘(EE) student performance on assessments 
of career readiness and acquisition of indus-try-recognized credentials that meet the quality criteria established by the State under section 123(a) of the Workforce Innova-tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S. C. 3102); 
‘‘(FF) student enrollment rates in postsec-
ondary education; 
‘‘(GG) measures of student remediation in 
postsecondary education; and 
‘‘(HH) measures of student credit accumu-
lation in postsecondary education; 
On page 57, line 14, strike ‘‘; and’’ and in-
sert ‘‘, which may include participation and performance in Advanced Placement, Inter-national Baccalaureate, dual enrollment, and early college high school programs; and’’. 
SA 2119. Mr. GARDNER (for himself, 
Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C OONS , and Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 19, line 22, insert ‘‘public charter 
school representatives (if applicable),’’ be-fore ‘‘specialized’’. 
On page 95, line 12, insert ‘‘public charter 
school representatives (if applicable),’’ after ‘‘leaders,’’. 
SA 2120. Ms. WARREN (for herself 
and Mr. G ARDNER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 75, strike line 1 and all that fol-
lows through line 4 on page 76 and insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Upon re-
quest by a State or local educational agency, the Secretary shall provide technical assist-ance to States and local educational agen-cies in collecting, cross-tabulating, or disaggregating data in order to meet the re-quirements of this paragraph. 
‘‘(C) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—Each State 
report card required under this subsection shall include the following information: 
‘‘(i) A clear and concise description of the 
State’s accountability system under sub-section (b)(3), including the goals for all stu-dents and for each of the categories of stu-dents, as defined in subsection (b)(3)(A), the indicators used in the accountability system to evaluate school performance described in subsection (b)(3)(B), and the weights of the indicators used in the accountability system to evaluate school performance. ‘‘(ii) Information on student achievement 
on the academic assessments described in subsection (b)(2) at each level of achieve-ment, as determined by the State under sub-section (b)(1), for all students and disaggregated and cross-tabulated in accord-ance with the following: 
‘‘(I) Such information shall be 
disaggregated by each category of students described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xi), home-less status, and status as a child in foster care and, within each category of students described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xi), cross- tabulated by— 
‘‘(aa) each major racial and ethnic group, 
gender, English proficiency, and children with or without disabilities; and 
‘‘(bb) any other category of students that 
the State chooses to include. 
‘‘(II) The disaggregation or cross-tabula-
tion for a category described in sub clause (I) shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in the category is insuffi-cient to yield statistically reliable informa-tion or the results of such disaggregation or cross-tabulation would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
‘‘(iii) For all students and disaggregated by 
each category of students described in sub-section (b)(2)(B)(xi), the percentage of stu-dents assessed and not assessed. 
‘‘(iv)(I) For all students, and disaggregated 
and cross-tabulated in accordance with sub-clauses (II) and (III)— 
‘‘(aa) information on the performance on 
the other academic indicator under sub-section (b)(3)(B)(ii)(II)(aa) used by the State in the State accountability system; and 
‘‘(bb) high school graduation rates, includ-
ing 4-year adjusted cohort graduation rates and, at the State’s discretion, extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rates. 
‘‘(II) The information described in sub 
clause (I) shall be disaggregated by each of the categories of students, as defined in sub-section (b)(3)(A), and, within each such disaggregation category, cross-tabulated by— 
‘‘(aa) each major racial and ethnic group, 
gender, English proficiency, and children with or without disabilities; and 
‘‘(bb) any other category of students that 
the State chooses to include. 
‘‘(III) The disaggregation or cross-tabula-
tion for a category described in sub clause (II) shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in the category is in-sufficient to yield statistically reliable infor-mation or the results of such disaggregation or cross-tabulation would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
On page 89, between lines 5 and 6, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(5) C
ROSS-TABULATION PROVISIONS .— 
‘‘(A) C ROSS-TABULATION DATA NOT USED FOR  
ACCOUNTABILITY .—Nothing in this subsection 
shall be construed to require groups of stu-dents obtained by cross-tabulating data under this subsection to be considered cat-egories of students under subsection (b)(3)(A) for purposes of the State accountability sys-tem under subsection (b)(3) or section 1114. 
‘‘(B) C
ROSS-TABULATED DATA IMPLEMENTA -
TION.—Information obtained by cross-tab-
ulating data under this subsection shall be widely accessible to the public in accordance with paragraph (1)(B)(i)(III) and, upon re-quest, by any additional public means that the State determines. 
SA 2121. Mr. HELLER (for himself 
and Mr. M ANCHIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 800, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 9115A. CONSULTATION WITH THE GOV-
ERNOR. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S. C. 
7901 et se.), as amended by sections 4001(3), 9114, and 9115, and redesignated by section 9106(1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9540. CONSULTATION WITH THE GOV-
ERNOR. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State educational 
agency shall consult in a timely and mean-ingful manner with the Governor, or appro-priate officials from the Governor’s office, in the development of State plans under titles I and II and section 9302. 
‘‘(b) T
IMING .—The consultation described 
in subsection (a) shall include meetings of officials from the State educational agency and the Governor’s office and shall occur— 
‘‘(1) during the development of such plan; 
and 
‘‘(2) prior to submission of the plan to the 
Secretary. 
‘‘(c) J
OINT SIGNATURE AUTHORITY .—A Gov-
ernor shall have 30 days prior to the State educational agency submitting the State plan under title I or II or section 9302 to the Secretary to sign such plan. If the Governor has not signed the plan within 30 days of de-livery by the State educational agency to the Governor, the State educational agency shall submit the plan to the Secretary with-out such signature.’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 7, 2015, at 3 p.m., in room SR–328A of the Russell Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Highly Patho-genic Avian Influenza: The Impact on the U.S. Poultry Sector and Protecting U.S. Poultry Flocks.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 7, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 7, 2015, at 1:30 p.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Technologies Transforming Transpor-tation: Is the Government Keeping Up?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4802 July 7, 2015 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 7, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 7, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Small Business Health Care Challenges and Opportunities.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 7, 2015, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The 2014 Humani-tarian Crisis at Our Border: A Review of the Government’s Response to Unac-companied Minors One Year Later.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 7, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, with 
that, I ask unanimous consent that Leslie Clithero, a detailee from the U.S. Department of Education; Shruti Shah, a detailee from the U.S. Depart-ment of Labor; and Okey Enyia, a fel-low in my Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee office, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of this Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that Stephen Townsend, a fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the consid-eration of this bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NOTICE: REGISTRATION OF MASS 
MAILINGS 
The filing date for the 2015 second 
quarter Mass Mailing report is Mon-day, July 27, 2015. An electronic option is now available on Webster that will allow forms to be submitted via a 
fillable pdf document. If your office did no mass mailings during this period, please submit a form that states ‘‘none.’’ 
Mass mailing registrations, or nega-
tive reports can be submitted elec-tronically or delivered to the Senate Office of Public Records, 232 Hart Building, Washington, D.C. 20510–7116. 
The Senate Office of Public Records 
will be open from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. For further information, please contact the Senate Office of Public Records at (202) 224–0322. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
TRIBAL SELF-GOVERNANCE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 102, S. 286. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 286) to amend the Indian Self-De-
termination and Education Assistance Act to provide further self-governance by Indian tribes, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that amendment No. 1471 be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 1471) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of June 2, 2015, under ‘‘Text of 
Amendments.’’) 
The bill (S. 286), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Wednesday, July 8; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of S. 1177; and, finally, that the Senate re-cess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Senators should 
expect votes in the morning in relation to the Every Child Achieves bill prior 
to the noon hour recess. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ator C
OTTON . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NUCLEAR NEGOTIATIONS WITH 
IRAN 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, today, 
on July 7, we have seen yet another ex-tension of the nuclear negotiations with Iran—a terrorist-sponsoring, anti- American, outlaw regime with the blood of hundreds of Americans on its hands, from Lebanon, to Iraq, to Af-ghanistan. This extension is yet an-other folly. Yet the President and the Secretary of State act as if it is cost free. These extensions are not cost free. 
First, Iran repeatedly violates the in-
terim agreements—for example, by en-riching uranium beyond specified lim-its or exporting more oil than allowed. 
Second, we have repeatedly taught 
Iran a very dangerous lesson, which is that the window for diplomacy never ends with this President and the United States. They can get extension after extension after extension, and we will grant concession after concession after concession. 
Just 3 months ago, Iran reneged on 
its commitments to send its uranium stockpiles overseas and to close its un-derground fortified military bunker. Now, again, they have taken that les-son and introduced a new demand into these negotiations. They are now de-manding that the West lift its arms 
embargo on conventional arms to Iran at a time when Iran is destabilizing the entire Middle East and that we lift sanctions on their ballistic missile pro-gram, which was explicitly ruled off the negotiating table at the beginning of these negotiations. 
Well, here is my proposal: If Iran 
wants to introduce new terms to the debate at this late hour, the U.S. Gov-ernment should leave the table. We should break off the negotiations, and we should say to Iran: If you want to introduce new terms, you will release American hostages within 24 hours. Bob Levinson, Amir Hekmati, Saeed Abedini, and Jason Rezaian will be re-leased within 24 hours or the negotia-tions are over, we will reimpose sanc-tions, the U.S. Congress will impose new sanctions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4803 July 7, 2015 
It is a disgrace that we are letting 
Iran add new terms to the negotiations at this late hour when four Americans are still held hostage by the Govern-ment of Iran. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. to-morrow morning. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:54 p.m., 
adjourned until Wednesday, July 8, 2015, at 10 a.m. CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate July 7, 2015: 
THE JUDICIARY  
KARA FARNANDEZ STOLL, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FEDERAL CIRCUIT. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 12:01 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S07JY5.REC S07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E997 July 7, 2015 
HONORING THE CARNEGIE LI-
BRARY IN HOBART, INDIANA, THE HOBART HISTORICAL SOCI-ETY, AND THE HOBART GARDEN CLUB 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great pleasure that I stand before you today to recognize the centennial anniversary of the Carnegie Library in Hobart, Indiana, the 50th anniversary of the Hobart Historical Society, and the 85th anniversary of the Hobart Gar-den Club. In honor of these momentous occa-sions, the Hobart Historical Society hosted a centennial celebration on Wednesday, July 1, 2015. During the celebration, a dedication ceremony took place for the Blue Star Memo-rial Garden, which was planted in honor of the men and women who have served or are cur-rently serving in our nation’s armed forces. 
The Carnegie Library was erected in 1915 
with the aid of philanthropist and businessman Andrew Carnegie. Over the course of 46 years, Carnegie built 1,689 libraries across the United States, 164 of which were constructed in Indiana. The Hobart location remained a li-brary until 1968, at which time it became a museum, serving as a hub for the Hobart His-torical Society’s preservation efforts. In 1982, the library-turned-museum was registered as a National Historic Landmark. 
The Hobart Historical Society, which was 
originally established 50 years ago, continues to educate, promote, and preserve the past for future generations. Not only does the society preserve the Carnegie Library and educate citizens about the rich history of the area, it also assists members of the community with genealogical research and planning events. Throughout the years, the historical society has given countless tours of the museum, continually engaging all members of the com-munity. 
For 85 years, the Hobart Garden Club has 
actively educated and engaged Northwest In-diana residents who have an interest in gar-dening, landscape design, horticultural im-provement, and youth education. The club is known for their efforts to protect and conserve the natural resources of Northwest Indiana. For their remarkable efforts to promote envi-ronmental responsibility and education among members of the community, young and old, the Hobart Garden Club is worthy of the high-est praise. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distin-
guished colleagues to join me in honoring the Hobart Historical Society on its 50th anniver-sary and the Hobart Garden Club on its 85th anniversary, and in congratulating the mem-bers of the community on the centennial anni-versary of the Carnegie Library. The pas-sionate dedication and service of the members 
of these organizations is to be commended, and Northwest Indiana is both grateful and proud to have had their support for so many years. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PARTICIPANTS IN 
THE SUNY BUFFALO STATE CHALLENGE 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and acknowledge, my alma mater, SUNY Buffalo State. On June 29th, the university hosted the 5th annual Buf-falo State Challenge awards luncheon, in As-sembly Hall of the Campbell Student Union. The Buffalo State Challenge program serves high school students from public schools in Buffalo, throughout their four years of high school. This college prep initiative inspires success through the process of goal setting, to effect higher academic achievement and ulti-mately graduation from high school. This year’s luncheon recognized the success of Buffalo State Challenge participants past and present. 
At its height, the Buffalo State Challenge 
served more than 125 high school students, most of them from McKinley High School, in my hometown of Buffalo, NY. The program challenges students to graduate from high school with an 85 or higher average. Those who do so, with requisite SAT scores, are awarded a scholarship for four consecutive years of enrollment at the college. Participants from McKinley’s class of 2015 represent the second consecutive graduating cohort since the program’s inception in 2010. This year’s awards luncheon also recognized the suc-cesses of previous participants in a feature ti-tled ‘‘Where are they now?’’ This segment highlighted the successful outcomes of stu-dents who have entered college and the world of work since graduating from high school. Many parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles, and siblings were in attendance to celebrate this year’s honorees. 
The luncheon also included the presence of 
special guests such as the President of SUNY Buffalo State, Dr. Katherine S. Conway-Turner and Vice President of Student Affairs, Dr. Hal D. Payne. Additionally key representatives from campus offices such as: Enrollment Man-agement, Admissions, the Alumni Affairs Of-fice, the Dean of Students, the Upward Bound Program, the Student Support Services Pro-gram, and Government Relations. 
As the Representative of the 26th Congres-
sional District, I am proud to recognize the on-going contributions of SUNY Buffalo State in cultivating a brighter future for high school stu-dents, through the continued success of the 
Buffalo State Challenge program. Please help me in congratulating this year’s award recipi-ents: Odalys Oritz, Ali Alshuaibi, Johnny Jack-son, Destiny Simmons, Crystal Lewis McClary, Kyra King, Tionna Colbert, Tymon Turner, Kayla Cheney, Asia Lindsey, Jonathan Waller, Alaysia McKinnis, Tarlisa Bolden, Emery Campfield, Jordy Richiez, Ahmed Abdo and Carlton Bess. To all of these outstanding stu-dents: congratulations on your successful par-ticipation in the Buffalo State Challenge Pro-gram and best wishes for success as you con-tinue to pursue your educational, professional and personal goals. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 70TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF BILL AND BAR-BARA KEITH 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of Bill and Barbara Keith, who cel-ebrate their 70th wedding anniversary on June 29th. 
When Bill and Barbara were married in 
1945, Bill had just returned from World War II. Barbara describes their two year courtship as a simple one that started when Bill was on leave from the Navy in 1943. They would go bowling, go to see a movie, or go out for din-ner. For two years, they continued to write to each other until Bill was discharged in March of 1945. They were married in Scituate and lived in Boston until 1952 when the couple moved to Bill’s childhood home in Marshfield. 
Bill and Barbara soon began to grow their 
family. Bill—hard-working, dedicated, and quiet—held four jobs in order to support the family. This included being head custodian for over 20 years at Martinson Elementary School as well as custodian at Ventress Library and Trinity Episcopal Church. He was also a ma-chinist at the Hingham Naval Ammunition Depot. Barbara became known in the commu-nity as the person to call if a child needed a place to stay during a family emergency. She started Steeple Preschool at Trinity Episcopal Church in Marshfield Hills with one of her friends. Over the years, Bill and Barbara’s family has grown to include six children, two foster children, twenty grandchildren, eighteen great-grandchildren and five great-great-grand-children. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Bill and 
Barbara Keith on this joyous occasion. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing them and their family many more years of happi-ness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY8.001 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E998 July 7, 2015 
CELEBRATING THE GOLDEN ANNI-
VERSARY OF MR. AND MRS. JIM AND BETTY HELD’S OWNERSHIP OF THE STONE HILL WINERY COMPANY 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in cele-
brating the Golden Anniversary of Mr. and Mrs. Jim and Betty Held’s ownership of the Stone Hill Winery Company. Stone Hill Winery continues to be one of Missouri’s most pre-eminent businesses, and has received numer-ous accolades throughout the Helds’ 50 years of ownership. Today, the winery farms seven vineyards and purchases grapes from five independent growers in the state; thus, pro-ducing more than 250,000 gallons of Missouri grown wine and contributing over $7 million to the state’s economy each year. 
The story of the Stone Hill Wine Company 
begins in 1847, when it was founded by Mr. Michael Poeschel. The winery quickly grew in popularity and size, and soon became the second largest winery in the United States. In the 1880’s, Stone Hill’s thriving business al-lowed Missouri to become the leading wine producing state in the nation. On December 28, 1901 an ornately decorated bottle of Stone Hill Wine Company ‘‘Pearl of Missouri’’ Extra Dry Champagne was used to christen the first USS Missouri, Battleship (BB–11). 
Unfortunately, prohibition would soon take a 
hit on the state’s wine production and Stone Hill; killing the thriving industry in Missouri. This despair would not last long. In 1961, after returning home from his service in the Navy, Jim Held planted a four acre vineyard of ca-tawba grapes near Hermann, Missouri. Only four years later, Jim was asked by the then current owner of Stone Hill to reopen a winery on the property, and on July 5, 1965, the Held’s officially reopened the Stone Hill Win-ery. 
Since its reopening, the winery has restored 
the wine industry in Missouri. In 1969, Stone Hill Winery was placed on the National Reg-ister of Historic Places. Several years later, the Held’s traveled to Washington, D.C. in 1982 to receive the award for Missouri’s Small Business of the Year, presented by President Ronald Reagan. The awards did not end there, as the Held’s received Hall of Fame recognition from the Missouri Division of Tour-ism and the Pioneer Award from the Missouri Grape and Wine Program. Additionally, the winery has been awarded the Missouri’s Gov-ernor’s Cup on nine occasions for producing the best wine in Missouri and has received three C.V. Riley Awards for the Best Missouri Norton, the official state grape of Missouri. In 2014, in honor of his accomplishments and re-vival of the Missouri Wine Industry, Jim was conferred an Honorary Doctor of Laws Degree from the University of Missouri, Columbia. 
The Helds have come a long way since first 
reopening the Stone Hill Winery with only $1,500 to their name. Jim and Betty’s hard work and dedication have not only afforded enjoyment for Missourians, but provided jobs across the state. Their award-winning winery has proven to be a staple to Missouri, and its wines continue to be enjoyed by individuals across the United States. I ask you to join me in congratulating Mr. 
and Mrs. Held for the accomplishments throughout the years and celebrating their 50th Anniversary as owners of the Stone Hill Winery. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ELAINE WALDROP’S 
25 YEARS OF SERVICE WITH THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS 
HON. THOMAS J. ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to take this opportunity to recognize Ms. Elaine Waldrop, a dedicated professional with the Department of Veterans Affairs’ Con-gressional Liaison Service on the occasion of her retirement. Elaine has been an exemplary public servant who has demonstrated the highest standards of professionalism on a daily basis. She has served for more than 25 years and her career in public service has been a testament to the importance of unself-ish devotion. As Elaine embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that she may re-call with a deep sense of pride and accom-plishment the outstanding contributions she has made to the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, the United States House of Representa-tives and the people of the United States of America. I would like to send her my best wishes for continued success in her future en-deavors, and may her life be filled with health and happiness. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ANDREW C. 
WIKTOROWICZ 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to recognize Andrew C. Wiktorowicz, an outstanding leader and rep-resentative of the California Committee for the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve (ESGR). During Mr. Wiktorowicz’s two terms as Chairman of California’s ESGR, his exten-sive expertise and unwavering leadership for-warded the organization’s mission of pro-moting supportive work environments for servicemembers through outreach, recogni-tion, and educational opportunities. 
Mr. Wiktorowicz’s exceptional leadership 
was instrumental in combining the Northern and Southern California committees into a sin-gle California Committee for the ESGR. Mr. Wiktorowicz managed a seamless transition and successfully integrated both regions to create the largest ESGR Committee in the United States. Under Mr. Wiktorowicz’s direc-tion, the California ESGR served an estimated 63,000 members of the National Guard Re-serves and additionally supported over 600 military and employer events annually. Addi-tionally, Mr. Wiktorowicz developed and imple-mented the highly effective Employment Initia-tive Program supporting over 5,000 Citizen Warriors and resulting in over 500 successful hires. During Mr. Wiktorowicz’s tenure, over 
14,000 employers signed the ESGR State-ment of Support and over 5,000 supervisors received the Employer Support Patriot Award. His selfless dedication to the committee and service members distinguished the ESGR as the premier military and employer volunteer establishment in the State of California. Mr. Wiktorowicz’s efforts have been recognized nationally because of his strong Ombudsman Program, which effectively supports all Cali-fornia Guard and Reservists. 
Mr. Wiktorowicz has been an amazing asset 
to both Ventura County and the State of Cali-fornia. Through his efforts on behalf of servicemembers and the working community, he has created an organization that for many is the backbone of their tenure in the Cali-fornia Guard and Reserves. 
For these reasons, I would like to graciously 
thank Mr. Wiktorowicz for his steadfast com-mitment and dedication as the Chairman of the State of California’s Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve. Mr. Wiktorowicz’s work with the ESGR will continue to positively shape the experience for future generations of the California Guard and Reserves. 
f 
HONORING NEWLY NATURALIZED 
AMERICAN CITIZENS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate the individuals who took their oath of citizenship on July 4, 2015. In true patriotic fashion, on the day of our great Nation’s celebration of independence, a natu-ralization ceremony took place, welcoming new citizens of the United States of America. This memorable occasion, coordinated by the League of Women Voters of the Calumet Area and presided over by Magistrate Judge An-drew Rodovich, was held at The Pavilion at Wolf Lake in Hammond, Indiana. 
America is a country founded by immi-
grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. The oath ceremony was a shining exam-ple of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as mem-bers of a free, democratic nation. These indi-viduals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. 
On July 4, 2015, the following people, rep-
resenting many nations throughout the world, took their oaths of citizenship in Hammond, In-diana: Guillermina Cornejo Campos, Emman-uel Thierry Mentor, Ruth Elizabeth Gallegos Pecina, Beatrice Nyambura Macharia, Geof-frey Macharia Gakuya, Javeed Ali Khan, Vika Priscilia Boentaram, Mateusz Dembowski, Srinivasa Rao Ayinampudi, Jacquiline Zumazuma, Viviana Pacheco, Fatma Dafallah Widaatllah, Dorothy Wanjiru Njiru, Emilia Robles de Navarro, Erlinda Dimaala Miranda, Juan Andres Bermudez Aguirre, Karen Yanin Hernandez, Jose Abonce Belmonte, Fayzeh Mahmoud Altaweel, Priya Phani Ayinampudi, Maria Beatriz Becerra, Aaditya Ganapathy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JY8.008 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E999 July 7, 2015 
Chandramouli, Arlieta Bongcaras Dahlstrom, 
Gabriela Olimpia Dordea, Maria Yolanda Eulloqui, Sumoh Fomba, Negin Hosseini Goodrich, Daniela Guilhon de Alcantara Avellar, Wendy Hurtado-Krzewski, Abdelrazeq Odeh Issa, Tamam Yousef Khater, Biljana Krleski, Joaquin Martinez, Leoncio Larry Villavicencio Miranda, Sara L Mondragon, Jazmin Montoya, Cristina Navarrete, Aureliano Navarro, Tosin Precious Ogunfowokan, Mariceli Paz, Karla Nohemi Ramos, Xiao Bin Shao, Lama Sharif, Sook Hee Suh, Dong Yo Suh, Lily Jiyun Suh, Maria Rosario Tirado, Ekaterina Alexeevna Vostrikova, Carmen Ra-mona Wilber, Victor Zepeda. 
Though each individual has sought to be-
come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Bill of Rights, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. 
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my 
other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals, who became citizens of the United States of America on July 4, 2015, the day of our Nation’s inde-pendence. They, too, are American citizens, and they, too, are guaranteed the inalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. 
f 
HONORING MR. BILL CONSIDINE, 
THE LONG-SERVING PRESIDENT AND CEO OF AKRON CHILDREN’S HOSPITAL 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today, I am 
very grateful for the opportunity to recognize the life work of Bill Considine, the long-serving President and CEO of Akron Children’s Hos-pital. 
Bill is celebrating thirty-five years as Presi-
dent of Akron Children’s—making him the longest serving President of any children’s hospital in the country and among the longest serving Presidents of any hospital in the na-tion. Under his leadership, Akron Children’s Hospital has grown from an urban children’s hospital into a pediatric health system that serves twenty-seven counties in Ohio. It is consistently ranked among the top children’s hospitals in the country and that success is without question the result of Bill’s vision, commitment, and leadership. 
Bill graduated from Archbishop Hoban High 
School in Akron. He received his under-graduate degree from the University of Akron and a master’s degree in health science ad-ministration from The Ohio State University. In 1979, Bill assumed the role as president of Akron Children’s Hospital reaffirming his devo-tion to his community. Under his leadership, 
Akron Children’s has expanded the scope of children’s healthcare services and is now the largest pediatric healthcare provider in north-ern Ohio serving more than 800,000 children each year. Today, the scope of pediatric healthcare services offered by Akron Chil-dren’s Hospital are exceptional, including ad-vanced cardiac care, intensive neonatal care, behavioral health, and even Ohio’s first pedi-atric sports medicine center. Bill has been consistently recognized by numerous organi-zations for his visionary leadership at Akron Children’s Hospital. Two special awards in-clude his 2009 induction into the Northeast Ohio Business Hall of Fame and the 2011 Bert A. Polsky Humanitarian Award for his years of dedication to humanitarian causes in the greater Akron community. 
Bill is a true public servant and a visionary 
leader. Our community is a better place to call home due to his years of service and commit-ment to helping children and their families. With sincerest gratitude, I honor Bill Considine for his selfless dedication to Akron Children’s Hospital as well as his humanitarian efforts throughout Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in extending a heartfelt thank you to an inspiring leader, Bill Considine. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HEROISM OF 
BEN ZION COLB 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-
member a true hero, Ben Zion Colb, and to thank him for his heroic efforts and great sac-
rifice in saving Jews in Poland during World War II. Ben Zion Colb went to great lengths to save his fellow Jews from extermination by the Nazis. 
Ben Zion’s brave endeavor began when he 
sent a courier to escort his then-fiance ´e, Clara 
Lieber, from Poland to Slovakia, where the de-portation of Jews had been temporarily halted. After succeeding in bringing Clara to safety, he realized he could use the same method he used to smuggle Clara across the border to help other Jews escape from Poland. With the help of his friend Rabbi Michael Weissmandl and a network of couriers, he succeeded in bringing most likely over one thousand Jews across the border. Ben Zion largely focused on the rescue of children, who came to be known as ‘‘Ben Zion’s Kinder.’’ After the war, Ben Zion and Clara eventually made their way to New York, where they raised three children. Ben Zion passed away in 1973, but his inspir-ing legacy still lives on. 
I was fascinated to learn of the many docu-
ments that still exist, which detail the history of Ben Zion Colb’s heroism. There are hand-writ-ten and typed papers with names of people who were rescued. Sometimes these papers include dates of birth, where these individuals were from, where they crossed the border and in some cases the actual day they crossed. I hope these documents will continue to assist in locating those individuals who were rescued by Ben Zion Colb and help bring together fam-ilies and their diverse histories. 
I want to properly recognize Ben Zion Colb’s 
sacrifices and truly heroic efforts and to re-mind my colleagues that individuals such as 
Ben Zion serve as a reminder as to how one person can make a difference in the lives of many. Ben Zion Colb took it upon himself to save as many lives as possible during a time of great need and it is important that we strive to live by his example. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LOUIS ‘‘MILKMAN’’ 
PATTERSON FOR HIS OUT-STANDING COMMITMENT TO THE BUFFALO COMMUNITY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I stand before 
you today to recognize and honor Mr. Louis Patterson for his engagement with the Buffalo community. Mr. Patterson has been a com-mitted, well-loved and respected community member for over 50 years. 
Born in Birmingham Alabama in 1945, Mr. 
Patterson moved to the Buffalo area in 1960 where he has remained ever since. Before re-tiring in 2013, Mr. Patterson worked for Up-state Dairy for 36 years where he would earn his affectionate nickname, ‘‘Milkman.’’ 
A constant presence in the Buffalo swing 
dance community, Mr. Patterson was and is admired by many as both a great man and a great dancer. He brings joy to those around him not only through his own dancing but also through his ardent support of other dancers and organizations in the community. He is a man who lives up to the adage that one should give more than one receives in its full-est sense. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor and recognize Mr. Pat-terson. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mr. Patterson on an accom-plished history of community engagement, and to commend him for the exemplary work he has done to enrich the communities of West-ern New York. 
f 
IS ACADEMIC FREEDOM THREAT-
ENED BY CHINA’S INFLUENCE ON U.S. UNIVERSITIES? 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
recently held a hearing that was the second in a series probing the question of whether main-taining access to China’s lucrative education market undermines the very values that make American universities great, including aca-demic freedom. The hearing was timely for three reasons: the growing number of satellite or branch campuses started by U.S. univer-sities in China; the record numbers of Chinese students enrolling in U.S. universities and col-leges in China each year, bringing with them nearly $10 million a year in tuition and other spending; and the recent efforts by the Com-munist Party of China to regain ideological control over universities and academic re-search. 
Official Chinese government decrees pro-
hibit teaching and research in seven areas— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JY8.002 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1000 July 7, 2015 
the so-called ‘‘seven taboos:’’ universal val-
ues; press freedom; civil society; citizens’ rights; criticism of the Party’s past; neoliberal economics; and independence of the judiciary. 
All of the ‘‘seven taboos’’ are criticized as 
‘‘Western ideals.’’ 
These taboos raise the question: Are U.S. 
colleges and universities compromising their images as bastions of free inquiry and aca-demic freedom in exchange for China’s edu-cation dollars? 
Some may defend any concessions made 
as the cost of doing business in an authori-tarian state such as China. 
Maybe a university decides that it won’t 
offer a class on human rights in China, maybe they won’t invite a prominent dissident as a fellow or visiting lecturer, maybe they won’t protest when a professor is denied a visa be-cause his or her work is critical of a dictator. Maybe such compromises are rationalized as necessary to not offend a major donor or for the ‘‘greater good’’ of maintaining access. 
If U.S. universities are only offering Chinese 
students and faculty a different name on their diploma or paycheck, is it worth the costs and compromises? 
Perry Link, the eminent China scholar, ar-
gued during our first hearing, that the slow drip of self-censorship is the most pernicious threat to academic freedom and undermines both the recognized brands of major univer-sities and their credibility. 
Self-censorship may be the reason NYU ter-
minated the fellowship of world class human rights activist and hero, Chen Guangcheng. As the NYU faculty said in their letter to the Board of Trustees, the circumstances sur-rounding the launch of NYU satellite campus in Shanghai and the ending of Chen’s resi-dence created a ‘‘public perception, accurate or otherwise, that NYU made commitments in order to operate in China.’’ Did NYU make any such commitments? 
Let the record show that we invited NYU’s 
President and faculty sixteen times to testify before this committee, without success. We are very pleased that Jeffery Lehman, the Vice-Chancellor of NYU-Shanghai campus, joined us at our recent hearing. 
On a personal note, I spent time with Chen 
when he first came to the United States. Though NYU offered him important sanctuary, he was treated very rudely at times, particu-larly when it was clear that he would not iso-late himself on campus. NYU officials and oth-ers worked to cordon off access to Chen and to keep him away from Chinese dissidents and there was a belief, reported by Reuters and the Wall Street Journal, that Chen was too involved with anti-abortion activists, Re-publicans, and others. 
We may never know if NYU experienced 
‘‘persistent and direct pressure from China’’ to oust Chen from his NYU fellowship or whether they sought to isolate him in order to keep Chen’s story out of the 2012 Presidential elec-tions as Prof. Jerry Cohen has said in an interview at the time. Certainly there is some interest here as Hillary Clinton spent a whole chapter in her book detailing the events of Chen’s escape and exile in the United States. 
Or maybe there wasn’t any pressure at all, 
just self-censorship to keep in Beijing’s good graces during the final stages of opening the NYU-Shanghai campus. 
We are not here to exclusively focus on the 
sad divorce of Chen Guangcheng and NYU. But his ousting raises the question: Is it pos-
sible to accept lucrative subsidies from the Chinese government, or other dictatorships for that matter, operate campuses on their terri-tory and still preserve academic freedom and the other values that make Americans great? 
The agreements they sign with the host 
government are often kept secret and real in-formation about them can be hard to obtain. 
Foreign educational partnerships are impor-
tant endeavors—for students, collaborative re-search, cultural understanding, and maybe even for the host country in some sense. The U.S. model of higher education is the world’s best. American faculty, fellowships, and ex-change programs are effective global ambas-sadors. We must all seek to maintain that in-tegrity. It is in the interests of the U.S. to do so, particularly when it comes to China. 
Nevertheless, if U.S. colleges and univer-
sities are outsourcing academic control, faculty and student oversight, or curriculum to a for-eign government can they really be ‘‘islands of freedom’’ in the midst of authoritarian states or dictatorships? Are they places where all stu-dents and faculty can enjoy the fundamental freedoms denied them in their own country? 
The questions we asked are not abstract. 
The Chinese government and Communist Party are waging a persistent, intense and es-calating campaign to suppress dissent, purge rivals from within the Party, and regain ideo-logical control over the arts, media, and the universities. 
This campaign is broader and more exten-
sive than any other in the past twenty years. Targets include human rights defenders, the press, social media and the Internet, civil rights lawyers, Tibetans and Uyghurs, religious groups, NGOs, intellectuals and their students, and government officials, particularly those al-lied with former Chinese leader Jiang Zemin. 
Chinese universities have been targeted as 
well, the recently issued Communist Party di-rective ‘‘Document 30,’’ reinforces earlier warnings to purge ‘‘Western-inspired notions of media independence, human rights, and criticism of Mao [Zedong]. 
In a recent speech reported by the New 
York Times, President Xi urged university leaders to ‘‘keep a tight grip on . . . ideolog-ical work in higher education . . . never allow singing to a tune contrary to the party center, never allowing eating the Communist Party’s food and then smashing the Communist Par-ty’s cooking pots. 
Will anyone at NYU or Ft. Hays St or Johns 
Hopkins or Duke for that matter—be allowed to smash any cooking pots? 
It’s a serious question, because if your cam-
puses are subsidized by the Chinese govern-ment, if your joint-educational partnerships are ‘‘majority-owned’’ by the Chinese government, aren’t you eating the Communist Party’s food and then subject to its rules, just like any Chi-nese university? 
There are nine U.S. educational partner-
ships operating in China. New York University- Shanghai opened its doors to students in Sep-tember 2013. Three other similar ventures have started since 2013: a Duke University campus in Kunshan, Jiangsu Province; a Uni-versity of California-Berkeley School of Engi-neering research facility in the Pudong District of Shanghai; and a Kean University campus in Wenzhou in Zhejiang Province. In addition, since 2006, Fort Hays State University in Kan-sas, has partnered with Zhengzhou University/ SIAS International School, a U.S.-based edu-
cational non-governmental organization, to provide degrees for thousands of Chinese stu-dents. 
China’s National Plan for Medium and Long- 
term Education Reform and Development (2010–2020), issued in July 2010, provided Chinese partners with a strong incentive to enter into such ventures. The plan exhorted Chinese universities to become ‘‘world-class,’’ in part by establishing ‘‘international academic cooperation organizations’’ and setting up re-search and development bases with ‘‘high quality educational and scientific research in-stitutions from overseas.’’ Among the attrac-tions for U.S. universities entering into such ventures are generous funding from the Chi-nese government, typically covering all cam-pus construction costs and some or all oper-ating costs; revenue from full fee-paying Chi-nese students on China-based campuses, who may later become wealthy alumni donors; the potential for a higher profile in China trans-lating into the recruitment of more full fee-pay-ing Chinese students to home campuses in the United States; opportunities for new global research collaborations with Chinese scholars and universities; and, opportunities for Amer-ican students to study abroad. 
I have also initiated a GAO study to review 
the agreements of both satellite campuses in China and of Confucius Institutes in the U.S. I know some agreements are public, others are not. In fact, some schools made their agreements public after our last hearing. We are looking for complete transparency and will be asking all universities and colleges to make their agreements with the Chinese government public. 
We need to know if universities and col-
leges who are starting satellite programs in China—can be islands of freedom in China or in other parts of the world. We need to know what pressures are being placed on them to compromise fundamental freedoms, and what compromises, if any, were made to gain a small slice of the China educational market. 
These are important questions. Can they be 
handled by the universities, their faculties, and trustees themselves or if there is something the U.S. Congress and or State Department can do to ensure academic freedom, and other fundamental freedoms are protected. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JUNE AS NA-
TIONAL SCOLIOSIS AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of National Scoliosis Awareness Month and to reaffirm our commitment to fight-
ing a potentially debilitating medical condition that affects over 7 million Americans and 160,000 Bay State residents. 
Each June, National Scoliosis Awareness 
Month brings together the diverse members of the scoliosis community—from physicians, pa-tients, and families to private businesses com-mitted to raising awareness about this spinal condition. To date, the cause of scoliosis re-mains unknown but quick diagnosis and early detection allows physicians to monitor the con-dition and, if necessary, begin treatment be-fore serious complications, including chronic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:04 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JY8.013 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1001 July 7, 2015 
back pain and impacted heart and lung func-
tion would begin. 
Approximately one out of every six children 
diagnosed with scoliosis requires continued treatment, and, in extreme cases, surgery. It is of paramount importance that early detection resources are available to local schools and physicians to ensure that children and their families are both screened and educated about the condition. 
Further, while up to three percent of the 
American population is estimated to have sco-liosis, the number of family and friends who are impacted by this condition numbers many millions more. With early detection and proper treatment, patients can live a healthy and ac-tive life. National Scoliosis Awareness Month promotes public awareness for this condition— elevating the visibility of scoliosis and empow-ering individuals whose lives have been touched by this condition. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing 
June as National Scoliosis Awareness Month by thanking organizations such as the National Scoliosis Foundation and the Scoliosis Re-search Society, as well as their many sup-porters, for their tireless efforts in raising awareness of scoliosis and promoting critical research on this condition. 
f 
CELEBRATING CAPE VERDEAN 
INDEPENDENCE DAY 
HON. DAVID N. CICILLINE 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 40th anniversary of independ-ence for the Republic of Cape Verde, or Cabo Verde, which was celebrated on Sunday, July 5th. 
Uninhabited until its discovery by the Por-
tuguese in the 15th century, Cape Verde grew into a thriving center of commerce by the time it achieved independence in 1975. 
Today, the Republic of Cape Verde is a 
model democracy and friend to the United States. 
My home state of Rhode Island is home to 
one of the largest Cape Verdean-American populations in the United States—with nearly 20,000 men, women, and children calling Rhode Island home today. 
It is a privilege to serve on their behalf and 
represent their interests before Congress today. 
I have also been fortunate to host Cape 
Verdean Prime Minister Jose Maria Neves for official visits to Rhode Island’s First Congres-sional District and to discuss the work we can do together to strengthen the Cape Verdean community living in Rhode Island today. 
I extend my best wishes to the people of 
Cape Verde for a joyous celebration of the 
40th anniversary of their independence this month. IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL 
SUNGLASSES DAY 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize National Sunglasses Day and to honor the sunglass manufacturers and sup-pliers throughout my Dallas Congressional District, the State of Texas and around the 
country. Texas and the Dallas area are home to a variety of optical industry leaders includ-ing 24 optical laboratories that manufacture prescription sun wear, 3 lens manufacturers that supply UV filtering lenses, and 6 sun wear frame suppliers. As a physician, I commend the sunglass industry and their trade associa-tion The Vision Council (TVC) for ongoing out-reach campaigns to educate consumers re-garding the damaging effects of ultraviolet (UV) rays to the eye and healthy vision. 
In the case of eye protection, what you don’t 
know can hurt you. When it comes to the human eye and the sun’s rays, it’s what we can’t see that matters most. UV radiation that reaches the earth’s surface, made up of two types of invisible rays, UVA and UVB, endan-gers an unprotected eye. The effects of long- term exposure can include cataracts, macular degeneration, abnormal growths on the eye’s surface and even cancer of the eye. While ev-eryone should shield their eyes from UV rays, certain risk factors like age and eye color in-crease an individual’s vulnerability to UV re-lated eye disorders. Where you live and travel can also make a big difference in the level of UV exposure. Since UV damage can’t be re-versed, prevention through protection is key. 
Later this summer, sunglass manufacturers 
and distributors from my home district in Texas and The Vision Council (TVC) will be convening a Capitol Hill briefing on the topic of UV danger and protecting your eye health. I encourage my colleagues to attend and ap-plaud the sunglass community and The Vision Council for their leadership in promoting healthy vision. 
f 
116TH BIRTHDAY OF MS. 
SUSANNAH MUSHATT JONES 
HON. HAKEEM S. JEFFRIES 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
celebration of the 116th birthday of Ms. Susannah Mushatt Jones, who is affection-ately called Miss Susie. Confirmed by Guinness World Records as the world’s oldest living person, she is a beloved member of the Brooklyn community I am proud to represent in Congress. In recognition of her birthday, Miss Susie will be honored on July 7, 2015 at the Vandalia Senior Center in Brooklyn, NY. We revel not just the years since her birth, but the history she has witnessed in three sepa-rate centuries. From experiencing segregation in the South to being a first-hand witness of the Civil Rights movement in New York, we commemorate her birthday with awe and in-spiration. 
Miss Susie was born into a large, loving 
family on July 6, 1899 in Lowndes County, Alabama as the third of eleven children. In 
1923 she moved to New York as part of the Great Migration of African Americans from the rural South to cities in the North, Midwest, and West. Miss Susie dedicated her professional pursuits to children, first as a school teacher and then as a childcare provider. At one point, she moved to Hollywood to work for a family in the film industry. During her time on the west coast, she enjoyed socializing with movie stars and attending movie premieres. She fondly remembers meeting Ronald Reagan, Clark Gable, and Cary Grant. 
Family has always surrounded Miss Susie: 
she takes great delight in being an aunt to over 100 nieces and nephews. Throughout her life, she has brightened many lives with her positive attitude and infectious laugh. She re-sides in Vandalia Houses and was an active member of the Vandalia Houses Senior Cen-ter tenant patrol through her 100th birthday. Miss Susie credits her healthy lifestyle free of smoking and drinking for her longevity. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other 
distinguished colleagues join me in celebrating Ms. Susannah Mushatt Jones on her 116th birthday. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 40TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF CABO VERDE’S INDEPENDENCE 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
proud recognition of the historic 40th Anniver-sary of Cabo Verdean independence. 
The history of Cabo Verde is as intricate 
and vibrant as the people themselves. First founded by the adventuresome European ex-plorers of the fifteenth century, Cabo Verde became a critical trading post on the route from the coasts of Africa and bustling Medi-terranean ports to the newly discovered lands across the Atlantic. The diverse residents of Cabo Verde lived under Portuguese rule until the establishment of a transitional government and first election of a National Assembly in 1975. To date, July 5 remains celebrated by the residents of Cabo Verde and their growing diaspora overseas as a day of independence. 
I have the privilege of representing commu-
nities in Southeastern Massachusetts that boast strong ties to Cabo Verde and hosts the highest concentration of Cabo Verdean-Ameri-cans in the United States. The Cities of New Bedford and Fall River, in addition to Brockton and Boston, are some of the largest commu-nities of Cabo Verdean descent in the country. 
The Cabo Verdean community has played 
an integral role in molding the rich culture of Massachusetts as we know it today. This influ-ence dates back to the height of the whaling industry in the 18th century, during which time Cabo Verdeans were universally respected for their skills as seamen and whale hunters— recognized across the world as honest, hard workers. They continue to uphold that reputa-tion in Massachusetts, where many Cabo Verdean-Americans continue to work in the historic fishing and cranberry industries. 
Today, the scenic archipelago of Cabo 
Verde enjoys political stability, democratic rule and substantial economic growth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JY8.006 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1002 July 7, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in hon-
oring the 40th anniversary of Cabo Verde’s independence and in recognizing the country’s irreplaceable role in the international commu-nity. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, 
ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JOHN KLINE 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, June 25, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes: 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chair, I rise today because 
I believe every child in every school should re-ceive an excellent education. 
It is a goal that I have worked toward as 
Chairman of the Education and the Workforce Committee, and one I know many in this House share. I would like to especially thank the Committee Chairmen R
OGERS and C AL-
VERT , and Ranking Members L OWEY and 
MCCOLLUM , for working with me to address 
the challenges facing Native American stu-dents. 
Earlier this year I visited the Bug-O-Nay-Ge- 
Shig School of the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe in Minnesota. At the school, thin metal walls are all that separate students from harsh winters and blankets hang over the doors in a desperate attempt to keep out the cold air. When winds reach a certain strength at the ‘‘Bug School,’’ students are forced to evacuate the building—often in below-zero tempera-tures. On many cold and windy winter days, Bug School students keep their winter jackets on all day, to save time during evacuation. 
Mr. Chair, this is unacceptable. These chil-
dren deserve much better. It’s incumbent on the Administration and this Congress to get to the bottom of this. 
The Education and the Workforce Com-
mittee recently held hearings to examine the deplorable conditions affecting Native Amer-ican schools—an issue that in recent months has received national attention thanks to the investigative work of the Star Tribune. 
Mr. Chair, the federal government promised 
to provide Native American students a quality education in a manner that preserves their heritage, and we are failing to keep that prom-ise. 
Accordingly, I sent a letter to my colleagues 
on the House Committee on Appropriations this year requesting an increase of nearly $60 million more than last year’s budget for Bu-reau of Indian Education schools. 
I am pleased the Department of Interior ap-
propriations bill, through the hard work of the Chairmen and Ranking Members, reflects my request and recognizes that we cannot con-tinue to fail meeting our commitment. 
While additional resources are certainly im-
portant, they are only part of what is needed in a long-term solution. We still must work to-gether in a bipartisan manner to untangle the maze of bureaucracy that continues to plague 
BIE schools and students. 
Mr. Chair, these unique, vulnerable children 
have waited long enough for the federal gov-ernment to live up to its promises and I urge my colleagues to support this bill which is an important step toward our goal of providing an excellent education for all our children. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO OARD-ROSS DRUG 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Oard-Ross Drug of Council Bluffs, Iowa. Oard-Ross Drug has been oper-ating at the same corner location since 1907. Mr. Joe Beraldi, the drug store’s owner and pharmacist, has himself worked at the store for 75 years. Mr. Beraldi continues to enjoy working with the customers and does not enjoy golf, which, he explains, are the two main reasons he has no plans for retirement yet. 
Mr. Beraldi was born and raised in Council 
Bluffs and began working at the store at age 14 while attending high school. He said he made deliveries on his bike for 10 cents an hour during that time. Today, Mr. Beraldi serves second and third generation customers at the drug store. This multi-generational cus-tomer loyalty is a testament to the great serv-ice provided by Mr. Beraldi and his staff. Cur-rently, Mr. Beraldi works part-time at the store and has no intention of retiring. His son, Tony, also a pharmacist, has worked at Oard-Ross Drug for 29 years and now manages the store. 
I commend Mr. Joe Beraldi, his son, Tony, 
and the staff at Oard-Ross Drug for their many years of dedicated service to Council Bluffs. I urge my colleagues in the House to join me in congratulating Oard-Ross Drug for this ex-traordinary occasion. I wish them all the best moving forward. 
f 
COMMEMORATING 46TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE APOLLO 11 MOON LANDING 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, forty six 
years ago, on July 20, 1969, millions of Ameri-cans and other people around the world, sat glued to their televisions and radios to witness a human being walk on the surface of the moon, one of the signal events in world his-tory. 
This astounding technological achievement 
could not have come at a better time because in July 1969, the United States was in need of a unifying event following the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy, Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Senator Robert Kennedy, and Malcolm X, and social divisions resulting from America’s involvement in the Vietnam War, a war that cost the nation dearly in blood and treasure. 
In 1969, the world was still caught in the 
grip of the Cold War, divided by ideology, sep-arated into opposing blocs of countries aligned 
with either the Soviet Union or the United States. 
Today the world stands connected in a vari-
ety of ways unimaginable 46 years ago. 
The step onto the surface of the moon by 
Neil Armstrong, left more than a mere foot print in the moon sand, it spurred a techno-logical revolution that has resulted in many of the devices that help shape our lives today. 
On September 29, 1962 at Rice University 
in Houston, Texas, President John F. Kennedy inspired the nation to accept the challenge of sending a man to the moon and bringing him safely home before the end of the decade. 
President Kennedy said, ‘‘We choose to go 
to the moon in this decade and do the other things, not because they are easy, but be-cause they are hard, because that goal will serve to organize and measure the best of our energies and skills, because that challenge is one that we are willing to accept, one we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we in-tend to win, and the others, too.’’ 
In July 1969, through the combined deter-
mination and efforts of the American people, the United States made good on President Kennedy’s prediction. 
From the inspiration of a young President 
who challenged us to set our sights on the moon, scientists developed new materials, en-gineers manufactured innovative equipment, and factory workers assembled cutting edge transport crafts. 
Together, Americans proved that by working 
together, toward a common purpose, there is nothing beyond our reach. 
And let us not forget the crew of American 
heroes, who made President’s Kennedy’s promise a reality for the world, and whose courage and daring embodied the virtues and ideals of the American spirit: astronauts Neil Armstrong, Edwin ‘‘Buzz’’ Eugene Aldrin Jr., and Michael Collins. 
The words spoken by Neil Armstrong when 
he stepped off Eagle 1 onto the surface of the moon perfectly captured the significance of that moment in human history: ‘‘This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for man-kind.’’ 
This giant step forward in world history re-
flected the ground breaking research, develop-ment, inventions, and discoveries of thou-sands of Americans who successfully opened a new path in frontier of space exploration. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. GILBERT 
‘‘GIL’’ ERNEST ADAMI 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
posthumously honor Dr. Gilbert Ernest Adami, who passed away on June 24, 2015 at the age of 92, leaving behind a proud legacy. 
Dr. Adami was born September 2, 1922 in 
Winters, Texas to Ernest and Emma Adami. Even as a child, he knew his calling in life was to heal others. He graduated from Winters High School at age 16, and attended the Uni-versity of Texas. At age 19, he was admitted to Tulane University School of Medicine, ob-taining his medical degree at age 22. Dr. Adami entered the United States Navy in 1945 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JY8.007 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1003 July 7, 2015 
and after completing a residency in Los Ange-
les General Hospital, served at the Long Beach Naval Base in the V12 training pro-gram. He left California to complete a surgical residency at the Veterans Administration Hos-pital in McKinney, Texas. While performing surgery there, he met a surgical nurse, Lillian, who became the love of his life. 
In 1951, Dr. Adami and Lillian married and 
moved to Denton, Texas, where he opened his surgical practice. Dr. Adami joined eight other physicians and developed Westgate Medical Center, which later became Denton Regional Medical Center, furthering his goal of expanding emergency services in Denton. In addition to managing his medical practice for over 50 years, Dr. Adami, with his wife’s help, developed real estate, operated a ranch, and engaged in other entrepreneurial pursuits. 
Dr. Adami attended Immaculate Conception 
Catholic Church and was a Charter Member of the local Chapter of the Knights of Columbus. He was also a great tennis player, pilot, and loved being outdoors, especially with fellow hunters, sons, son-in-laws, and grandsons. 
In 1998, the Denton County Medical Society 
awarded Dr. Adami the prestigious Gold- Headed Cane Award, honoring him as an out-standing physician who demonstrated the highest qualities of excellence, service, and selflessness in contributions to his family, the art and science of medicine, and to the com-munity. He will be missed greatly. It was an honor and a privilege to represent Dr. Gilbert Ernest Adami in the U.S. House of Represent-atives and I extend my condolences to his family, friends, and the patients, nurses, doc-tors, and medical professionals who loved and respected him. 
f 
COMMENDING THE SUPREME 
COURT’S RULING IN TEXAS DE-PARTMENT OF HOUSING AND COMMUNITY AFFAIRS V. THE IN-CLUSIVE COMMUNITIES PROJECT 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to commend the Supreme Court’s ruling last month in Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs v. The Inclu-sive Communities Project. The Justices ruled 5–4 that federal housing law allows people to challenge lending rules, zoning laws, and other housing practices that have a harmful impact on minority groups, even if there is no proof that companies or government agencies intended to discriminate. 
Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote, ‘‘Much 
progress remains to be made in our nation’s continuing struggle against racial isolation.’’ He continued, ‘‘The Court acknowledges the Fair Housing Act’s continuing role in moving the nation toward a more integrated society.’’ 
Housing is one of the backbones of the 
American economy and for many is integral to the American dream. No person should be shut out because of the color of their skin. HONORING THE PUBLIC SERVICE 
OF MR. HAROLD DRINKWATER 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
recognize a dedicated public servant and com-mitted firefighter. 
On August 6, 1955, Harold Drinkwater 
joined the Camden Fire Department, just after returning from the Korean War. His leadership and bravery served as inspirations to every member of the department, and he was soon promoted to Assistant Fire Chief. Nearly sixty years later, Harold continues to serve the De-partment. 
I know that the Fire Department is deeply 
grateful for Harold’s heroism and commitment to his community. When the Department re-ceived its most recent engine, Camden’s fire-fighters chose to honor Harold by placing his name on the truck. This summer, the Depart-ment plans to recognize him at their annual family picnic. 
I wish Harold the best as he continues to 
serve the Town of Camden, and I thank him wholeheartedly for his many years of service to his town and to our nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND 
WORK OF ANNE GAYLOR 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize a constituent who dedicated her life’s work to advancing principles of justice and fairness in her community, her state, and her country. 
Anne Nicol Gaylor began her life in a small 
town near Tomah, Wisconsin. After graduating high school at age 16 and earning a degree from University of Wisconsin-Madison, she be-came a businesswoman and editor at Mid-dleton Times Tribune where she successfully transformed the publication into an award-win-ning weekly. Anne notably founded the Wom-en’s Medical Fund which has raised and do-nated nearly $3 million to low-income women who lack access to healthcare services. Throughout her career, Anne remained in-volved with the Women’s Medical Fund and was a tireless advocate for women’s rights. 
In 1976, Anne founded the Freedom from 
Religion Foundation, the nation’s leading de-fender in the fight to protect and preserve the separation of church and state. This organiza-tion grew from a small group of committed in-dividuals discussing the advancement of civil liberties into a major national organization with more than 23,000 members. 
Throughout her retirement, she remained 
active in the Women’s Medical Fund, dedi-cating her time to providing direct service to those in need. Thanks to her tireless leader-ship, Anne received a number of prestigious awards and recognitions, including the Hu-manist Heroine Award from the American Hu-manist Association, Wisconsin National Orga-nization for Women’s Feminist of the Year Award, and NARAL’s Tiller Award. These out-standing achievements and recognitions are a 
testimony to Anne’s resilient spirit and tireless advocacy on behalf of the issues closest to her heart. 
Anne’s commitment to community and work 
as an activist, feminist, and free-thinker have been invaluable to Wisconsin. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-
ognize Ms. Anne Nicol Gaylor today. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF EU-
LESS POLICE OFFICER MIKE DUFF 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-
ored to recognize retiring Corporal Mike Duff for his 31 years of public service as a Euless Police Officer for the City of Euless, Texas. 
Mike Duff joined the Euless Police Depart-
ment in 1983 where he was hired as a patrol officer. After serving four years in that capac-ity, Mike was transferred to the Criminal Inves-tigation Division (CID). Mike’s hard work in the CID was acknowledged in 1990 by the depart-ment when he was promoted to Corporal. In addition to his primary roles in the department, Mike has also served as a member of the Eu-less Tactical Team. 
Throughout his career, Mike Duff has been 
a training officer with the Euless Police De-partment; furthermore, he has been assigned to local and federal drug task force agencies because of his outstanding police training and abilities. 
As a committed law enforcer, Mike Duff has 
sought training and certification throughout his years of service. His achievements include Basic Police Certification in 1983, Intermediate Police Certification in 1987, Advanced Police Certification in 1993, and Masters Police Cer-tification in 2004. Furthermore, Mike received his Police Officer Firearms Instructor Certifi-cate in 2005 and his Field Training Officer Certification in 2004. He has received over 2,000 hours of in-service training during his 31-year career as a police officer. 
Mike Duff’s extensive experience and train-
ing in criminal investigation has been recog-nized on many occasions as a result of his contributions to the police department and community. He has received over 35 police commendations in which he was recognized for his professionalism and service to the com-munity. Moreover, Mike has been nominated six times for Officer of the Year and was also selected for the Certificate of Merit in 2012, the Distinguished Service Award in 2006, and the Blackie Sustaire Award in 1996. 
Outside the field of law enforcement, Mike 
Duff recently earned his associate degree in General Studies from Columbia College in 2014. He is married to his wife, Andrea, and they have one daughter named Lyndsey. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in thanking Mike Duff for his years of public service as a Euless Police Officer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JY8.016 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1004 July 7, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SESQUI-
CENTENNIAL OF THE SECOND BAPTIST CHURCH OF ANN ARBOR 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Second Baptist Church of Ann Arbor for its sesquicentennial anniversary. Second Baptist has stood since 1865 as a symbol of the African American community of Ann Arbor. As this country has gone through a transformative journey to live up to its creed of ‘‘All men are created equal’’ for the past century and a half, the Second Baptist Church of Ann Arbor has been on a journey to perfect itself. 
Second Baptist’s journey began when it was 
chartered in 1865. The original congregation was led by Rev. Lewis and met in a small frame cottage overlooking the Huron River. They would later move into a new building in the heart of the segregated black residential community of the city in 1890. As Second Baptist grew, so did Ann Arbor’s African Amer-ican community. In the late 1910’s and early 20’s, the ‘‘Great Migrations’’ led to a large growth in the African American population in Washtenaw County. In the late 20’s and 30’s programs were inaugurated to help community members get through the Great Depression. In 1966 Rev. Emmett L. Green was chosen to lead Second Baptist through a new Civil Rights Era. Rev. Green was committed to Martin Luther King’s inspired Social Gospel civil rights activism during his tenure as pas-tor. 
Second Baptist is currently led by Rev. Dr. 
Stephen Daniels, who aims to help Second Baptist continue its tradition of building a church with Christ and His Gospel as its foun-dation. On its 150th year, Second Baptist pauses to reflect, to renew and to embrace the limitless possibilities that God has scripted for the coming seasons. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to honor The Second Baptist Church of Ann Arbor for its sesquicentennial anniversary and its dedication to enriching the lives of the surrounding community. 
f 
H.R. 160, THE PROTECT MEDICAL 
INNOVATION ACT OF 2015 
HON. PATRICK MURPHY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I sup-
port passage of H.R. 160, the Protect Medical Innovation Act of 2015. 
While I strongly believe the bill should be 
paid for before becoming law, this bill is a great first step of furthering the promise of the Affordable Care Act, a law that will cover 32 million lives when fully implemented. 
The Affordable Care Act has created jobs, 
lowered costs, and significantly expanded cov-erage, as it was designed to do. It did away with bans on preexisting conditions, allowed young adults to stay on their parents’ plan, eliminated annual and lifetime limits, and is closing the Part D prescription drug donut 
hole. As the law continues to improve the lives and health security of the American people, I will look for ways to improve the law. No law is perfect. That is why I support the Protect Medical Innovation Act and have cosponsored other pieces of legislation designed to keep consumers from feeling the hit of unintended consequences. Congress should look for ways to create jobs, lower costs further, and encour-age states to accept Medicaid expansion, which will cover an additional 800,000 working Floridians. 
I am hopeful that with a strong vote in the 
House of Representatives, H.R. 160 will soon arrive at the President’s desk, fully offset, to be signed into law. 
f 
HONORING MAJOR STEPHEN REICH 
AND THE HOME OF THE BRAVE QUILT PROJECT 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Major Stephen Reich and to recognize the compassionate work of the Home of the Brave Quilt Project. 
Today, we recognize the history and impor-
tance of quilting in our society as a symbol of Americana. Quilting can tell stories through fabric and stitches when words fail. For hun-dreds of years, quilting has been used not only as a means of communication, but also as a sign of respect for fellow community members. In keeping with this tradition, the Home of the Brave Quilt Project has taken on the task of honoring our brave men, women, and families touched by war through the gift of a quilt. 
Susan and Raymond Reich from Wash-
ington Depot, Connecticut, lost their son, Ste-phen, on June 28, 2005. Stephen graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1993. While studying at the Academy, he pitched for the baseball team. Two years into his military career, the Baltimore Orioles draft-ed the southpaw, and he played for their minor league affiliate team before the Army re-called him to finish his term. Choosing to an-swer the call of military service and relin-quishing his pro baseball career, he returned to fight for our great country. Stephen was killed along with seven other Night Stalkers during a rescue operation to save a Navy SEAL team in Afghanistan; he was on his fourth tour of duty. 
Shortly after Stephen died, his mother and 
father received a quilt in his honor. As a quilt-er by profession, Susan understood the signifi-cance of this act. Receiving the quilt helped her family heal and it provided them with com-fort, knowing that others were thinking of them during their difficult time. 
When Don Beld founded the Home of the 
Brave Quilt Project in July of 2004, his goal was to give families comfort in the best way he knew how. Since Don did not serve during the Vietnam War like many of his peers, he knew in his heart that he needed to serve America’s families in some way. With this idea in mind, Don embarked on a project that would expand to 59 states and territories, hon-oring those who have died from injuries while on active duty in Iraq or Afghanistan. Each 
quilt is based on patterns originally designed by the United States Sanitary Commission during the Civil War era. To date, the Home of the Brave Quilt Project has delivered over 6,000 quilts to more than 5,000 families. They serve as a reminder that bravery will always be revered. 
On Sunday, June 28, the Reich family 
marked the tenth anniversary of Stephen’s death. I hope that the quilt they received con-tinues to provide comfort and reminds their family that we, as a nation, hold them in our hearts. 
f 
THE CIVIL RIGHTS ACT OF 1964 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of the 51st anniversary of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, one of the con-sequential governmental actions since the issuance of the Emancipation Proclamation. 
On July 2, 1964, President Lyndon B. John-
son signed the act that would profoundly change our country and brought about the greatest reduction in economic and social in-equality among Americans in history. 
Mr. Speaker, today it is difficult to imagine 
there once was a time in our country when blacks and whites could not eat together in public restaurants, use the same public rest-rooms, stay at the same hotels, or attend the same schools. 
It is hard to believe today that just 51 years 
ago, discrimination on the ground of race was a legal and socially accepted practice. 
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 changed that. The Civil Rights Act outlawed discrimination 
and segregation in employment, public accom-modations, and education on the ground of race, gender, religion or national origin. 
This act became the soil from which our 
country flourished; opportunities were bred and dreams were born. 
This change did not happen overnight or by 
accident. 
It took hard work and courage and an un-
wavering faith that America could live up to the true meaning of its creed. 
With American leaders embodying faith and 
courage the Civil Rights Act signifies battles fought over many years that our champions fi-nally won. 
Leaders like the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther 
King, Jr., Whitney Young, Rosa Parks, and John Lewis are just a few of the many noble champions who took a stand for freedom and risked their lives to make real the promise of America for all Americans. 
Today, 51 years later, we continue to pre-
serve the rights and freedoms that so many fought for and could only dream of before the Civil Rights Act. 
On the evening of June 11, 1963, President 
John F. Kennedy addressed the nation and ut-tered these words that would echo in history: ‘‘It ought to be possible for every American to enjoy the privileges of being American without regard to his race or his color. But this is not the case. We are confronted primarily with a moral issue. It is as old as the Scriptures and is as clear as the American Constitution. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JY8.008 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1005 July 7, 2015 
heart of the question is whether all Americans 
are to be afforded equal rights and equal op-portunities, whether we are going to treat our fellow Americans as we want to be treated. One hundred years of delay have passed since President Lincoln freed the slaves, yet their heirs, their grandsons, are not fully free. They are not yet freed from the bonds of injus-tice. They are not yet freed from social and economic oppression. And this Nation, for all its hopes and all its boasts, will not be fully free until all its citizens are free. Now the time has come for this Nation to fulfill its promise.’’ 
And a better country, we have become. Although we have come a long way, we 
must not become complacent on the issues of civil rights. 
Our nation is a growing melting pot, and we 
must continue to make sure American citizens, regardless of their religion, race, or gender, are granted the right to freedom and equality. 
This nation prides itself on the abundance of 
individual freedom. 
Through the Civil Rights Act of 1964, we 
have nurtured a land where every American citizen is born free, and with the opportunity to chase their own American dream. 
Mr. Speaker, before signing the Civil Rights 
Act of 1964, President Lyndon Baines John-son addressed the nation on the significance of the bill he was about to sign: ‘‘We believe that all men are created equal. Yet many are denied equal treatment. We believe that all men have certain unalienable rights. Yet many Americans do not enjoy those rights. We be-lieve that all men are entitled to the blessings of liberty. Yet millions are being deprived of those blessings—not because of their own fail-ures, but because of the color of their skin. The reasons are deeply imbedded in history and tradition and the nature of man. We can understand—without rancor or hatred—how this all happened. But it cannot continue. Our Constitution, the foundation of our Republic, forbids it. The principles of our freedom forbid it. Morality forbids it. And the law I will sign to-night forbids it.’’ 
Our fight for civil rights is not over. Victories such as the Supreme Court deci-
sion on marriage equality do not overshadow the fact that those who identify as LGBT can get married on Monday, be fired by Friday, and be kicked out of their apartment by Sun-day. 
The fight is not over. Mr. Speaker, we still have members of mi-
nority communities being killed based on the color of their skin and not the content of their character. 
Our fight is not over. Symbols of hate hang on government build-
ings in the form of a flag that inspires deplor-able actions, leaving 9 dead after a church Bible study. 
America’s fight for civil rights is not over. The Civil Rights Act of 1964 sought to fulfill 
the promise of the fourteenth amendment that ‘‘no state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any state deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.’’ 
Fifty-one years ago we as a nation moved 
forward to accept that all American citizens have the same inalienable rights regardless of religion, race, or gender. The language of the 14th Amendment and 
the Civil Rights Act of 1964 guarantees pro-tection for all citizens’ rights and it is our job as representatives of the people to make sure we continue to defend those rights. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to acknowledge 
the progress we have made since the Civil Right Act of 1964 and I pledge to continue fighting for all Americans so that we may keep the promises written in law by our founding fa-thers. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JAMES W. 
(BILL) CURTIS 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize the retirement of James W. (Bill) Curtis from the East Alabama Regional Planning and Development Commission. 
Mr. Curtis has served as the Executive Di-
rector of the Commission since November 1980. He has over 44 years of professional experience in the planning field and has worked for state, regional and local agencies. 
Previously, he was the Principal Planner 
with the Jefferson County Office of Planning and Community Development in Birmingham, Alabama. Mr. Curtis also served as Planning Director for the South Central Alabama Devel-opment Commission in Montgomery, Alabama, and worked as a Planner for the states of Tennessee and South Carolina. 
Mr. Curtis holds a Master of City Planning 
degree from Georgia Institute of Technology and a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Georgia. He holds charter mem-bership in the American Planning Association and the American Institute of Certified Plan-ners, and has served as the President of the Alabama Chapter of the American Planning Association and President of the Alabama As-sociation of Regional Councils. 
In 1995, Mr. Curtis was named ‘‘Planner of 
the Year’’ by the Alabama Chapter of the American Planning Association, and in 2003, was named to the College of Fellows of the American Institute of Certified Planners. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing 
Mr. Curtis and congratulating him on his retire-ment. 
f 
HONORING THE MARRIAGE OF MR. 
AND MRS. BRYCE KAPPER 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the marriage of Mr. Bryce Kapper and his wife, Brittany, ne ´e Mueller. Mr. and Mrs. 
Kapper were united in marriage Saturday June 27, 2015 at the First Congregational United Church of Christ in their hometown of Decatur, Illinois. The ceremony was officiated by the Reverend Dave Taylor and was followed by a reception at the Decatur Conference Center and Hotel. The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Craig Mueller. The groom is the son of Mr. and Mrs. Kevin Kapper, better known 
by one of the attendees as ‘‘Mama and Papa Kapper.’’ 
Miss Tiffany Laramee served as Maid of 
Honor. Bridesmaids included Miss Rachael Clark, Miss Brittany Maxedon and Mrs. Becky Brewster. Mr. Scott Lietzow served as Best Man. Groomsmen included Mr. Kyle Kapper, brother of the groom; Mr. Clint Mueller, brother of the bride; and Mr. Rick Barry. 
The new Mr. and Mrs. Kapper are a won-
derful match and their love for each other is evident to all they meet. I wish them all the best in this new and exciting chapter of their lives together. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. STEVEN BASCOM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Dr. Steven Bascom, the recipi-ent of the Patient Care Partner Award from the Iowa Pharmacy Association. 
Dr. Bascom was presented with this award 
during the IPA Annual Meeting banquet on June 12, 2015. The IPA Patient Care Partner Award annually recognizes a physician or other health care provider in an Iowa commu-nity who works collaboratively with phar-macists to optimize the care of their patients. Dr. Bascom was nominated by DeeAnn Wedemeyer-Oleson, Director of Pharmacy at Guthrie County Hospital. He was instrumental in the adoption of the Admission Home Medi-cation orders collaborative drug therapy man-agement protocol used at GCH. 
I applaud and congratulate Dr. Bascom for 
receiving this award. I am proud to represent him and his fellow doctors and pharmacists in Guthrie County in the United States Congress. I know that my colleagues in the House join me in congratulating Dr. Bascom and wishing him nothing but continued success in the fu-ture. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS SKIP 
MARANEY 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-
er, during the 54th Annual Roll Call Congres-sional Baseball Game for Charity on June 11th, there was recognition of Skip Maraney as this year’s Hall of Fame Inductee. 
Skip was properly recognized as a living 
legend institution of Capitol Hill. The following tribute was published in the game program. 
ROLLCALL’STHEMANWHOPIONEERED ROLL 
CALL’SSPORTS COVERAGE  
(By David Meyers) 
If Roll Call founder Sid Yudain was the 
Abner Doubleday of congressional baseball, Skip Maraney was his Shirley Povich. 
Maraney spent most of the 1960’s writing 
about congressional sports—baseball, obvi-ously, but also basketball, softball, bowling, and bridge—for Roll Call. In fact, he was Roll Call’s first, and seemingly only, sports col-umnist. For his dedication to the paper, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY8.011 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1006 July 7, 2015 
community and the game, Maraney is the 
2015 inductee into the Roll Call Congres-sional Baseball Hall of Fame. 
Maraney was working for the Clerk of the 
House in 1963, when he suggested to Yudain that someone should write about all the sports teams featuring congressional staff (baseball was just getting going then). ‘‘He said, ‘Ok, write it,’’’ Maraney recalls about the birth of Skip-along, which eventually ex-panded into an ‘‘around the Hill’’ beat and laid the groundwork for Roll Call’s current coverage of life in and around the Capitol. 
From his perch, Maraney watched the 
game rise from the ashes after Speaker Sam Rayburn, D–Texas, shut it down in 1958. In 1961, members of Congress took part in a home-run contest and the next year the event became an actual game, played prior to a Washington Senators home contest. 
‘‘Sid had the idea of turning it into a 
party. The game had hot dogs, cheerleaders,’’ Maraney says. ‘‘Buses took everyone to the Stadium.’’ 
Not only was Maraney providing pre- and 
post-game coverage, he was also calling the game. During those years, he got to see some of the greats of congressional baseball his-tory: Indiana Democratic Sen. Birch Bayh (‘‘He was sensational!’’); former major league pitcher Wilmer ‘‘Vinegar Bend’’ Mizell, R– N.C.; Massachusetts GOP Rep. Silvio Conte (‘‘He batted with a cigar and came out on crutches one year. And hit a double.’’). 
As the 1970s began, Maraney left the 
Clerk’s office and gave up the sports beat for a job with the National Star Route Mail Con-tractors Association, where he remains as executive director. While he obviously en-joys his job, there are some things he had to leave behind. As Roll Call’s sports and com-munity columnist, ‘‘I got invited to every-thing.’’ 
f 
HONORING JAMES PONCE 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to celebrate James Augustine Ponce of St. Augustine, Florida who turns 98 on July 19, 2015. 
A native of St. Augustine, Florida, James 
Ponce was born on July 19, 1917. His rel-atives descended from the family of Juan Ponce de Leon. 
Ponce grew up in the downtown area of St. 
Augustine, where his father owned R. Ponce Funeral Home. As a young boy he recalls his father burying American Tycoon, Henry Flagler, and other prominent figures of the community. In addition, Ponce has stated that his days at St. Joseph Academy afforded him the opportunity to learn about how Florida be-came a U.S. territory. 
This early exposure to America’s Oldest City 
cemented his passion for the rich history that Florida boasts. Since that introduction as a child, Ponce has dedicated his life to pre-serving and sharing the histories of St. Augus-tine, the Breakers, and Palm Beach. Ponce also proudly served his country in the Navy during World War II and the Marines during the Korean War. Since the 1950s, he has called Palm Beach County home. During his time at the Breakers Hotel and Resort, Ponce worked at the front desk and eventually retired as an assistant manager. As of now, he con-ducts weekly walking tours of the Breakers. Ponce is the official historian of the Palm 
Beach Chamber of Commerce and has also served as the President of the Historical Soci-ety of Palm Beach. 
Throughout his career and retirement, 
Ponce has been recognized for his vast histor-ical knowledge. In 1996 the Palm Beach Town Council named him ‘‘Palm Beach’s only two- legged, historical landmark.’’ He is the recipi-ent of the Providencia Award from the Palm Beach Country Convention and Visitors Bu-reau, which recognizes an individual or agen-cy that contributes to the prosperity of the tourism industry in the county. 
James Ponce is an exceptional man, and 
one whom I am proud to represent in Florida’s 22nd District. I know I join with his family and friends in celebrating this wonderful occasion. I wish him good health and continued success in the coming years. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE COMO HIGH 
SCHOOL, 1914–1971, 10TH ALL SCHOOL REUNION CELEBRATION 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Como High School’s 10th All School Reunion Celebration on July 2–5, 2015. This celebration is a milestone for the Como com-munity as it recognizes its history and the im-pact Como High School had on its students. 
From its inception, the Como community’s 
location left its primarily black residents walled in with a physical barrier separating Como from the surrounding neighborhoods. This physical separation prompted its residents to meet the needs of the community through their own initiatives. In the fall of 1914, Como residents felt an urgent need for a formal school to educate the black youth of the com-munity. During its first year, Como Elementary School housed 11 students and employed one teacher by the name of Ms. Lucinda Baker. 
Unfortunately, after two years the school 
was closed due to low enrollment and did not reopen for its second term until 1917. The school was ultimately reestablished the fol-lowing year in 1918, where Mrs. Pearl Walker Connor served as the head teacher. 
After World War I, the Como community 
began to grow rapidly. As more people moved into the community there was a greater need for a bigger and better school building. Under the leadership of Mr. R. N Riddles, the county superintendent, a building with two rooms was built on the southeast corners of Faron and Bonnell Streets. 
During the time of expansion, Mrs. Gertrude 
Wilkerson-Starners was appointed head teach-er with Mrs. Geneva Carrington serving as her assistant. Later Mrs. Jessie Raliegh and Mrs. A. Greenwood joined the staff and Mrs. M. L. Patterson came to the school as a teacher in 1931. 
The men of the community initially supplied 
coal for heating and kept the grounds clean; but as the school began to grow, the need for custodial personnel became necessary. In 1933, Mr. John Atkins was hired as the first full time custodian. 
Although no formal record exists, it is clear 
that the need for a high school naturally grew as the community had more students to edu-
cate. Additional teachers were added in 1935, and the school moved to occupy Libbey, Goodman, Horne and Hollaran Streets. In 1935, Mr. J Martin Jacquet was hired as prin-cipal and served the institution for ten years with Mr. Oscar M. Williams succeeding him in 1946. The current building was erected in 1950 during Williams’ tenure as principal. Mr. Wilbur H. Byrd served as Como High School’s last principal from 1967 until the school’s clo-sure in 1971. 
Como Elementary School and Como High 
School grew from humble beginnings to a 33 room ultra-modern structure that housed an in-dustrial arts room, a gymnasium, a 500 person auditorium; a chemistry lab, homemaking lab-oratories, a library, men’s and women’s lounges, and a group of offices for the admin-istrative staff. 
Between 1914 and 1965, Como Elementary 
and Como High School’s prestige increased as their academic excellence was recognized by the Southern Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools. 
In 1971, the sudden shift to integrate 
schools forced Como High School to close de-spite its growth. Although school integration caused the original Como High School to close, Como Elementary School and Como Montessori Magnet School carry on its legacy of community, unity and pride. 
After Como High School’s closure the first 
annual school reunion was held in July 1983. Its subsequent reunions proved that the fond memories of the Como spirit remain in the hearts of former students and staff members forever. 
f 
HONORING THE RAVENSBRUCK 
ARCHIVE PROJECT 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the Ravensbruck Archive Project. 
The Ravensbruck Concentration camp was 
the Nazi’s largest and central internment camp for women and children during the Holocaust. Between 1939 and 1945, over 130,000 pris-oners passed through Ravensbruck and its satellite camps. 
The Ravensbruck Archive is an international 
archive that provides a critical link to the his-tory of the Holocaust. Many of the documents in the Archive have been hidden for the past 70 years, but now because of the Ravensbruck Archive Project, the material will be translated, digitized, and shared with the world via the web and a world traveling ex-hibit. The Ravensbruck Archive Project will preserve and make accessible this important piece of history for generations to come. 
The Ravensbruck Archive is housed at Lund 
University in Sweden. The Archive includes more than 500 handwritten interviews with Ravensbruck survivors, taken at the time of their liberation in 1946. The Archive contains prisoners’ notebooks, diaries, letters, poems, recipes, photographs, drawings, and official Nazi documents from the concentration camp such as lists of prisoners, block books, and transcripts of protocols and original documents 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JY8.015 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1007 July 7, 2015 
from the Ravensbruck trial in Hamburg in 
1946–1947. 
Our community owes the Ravensbruck Ar-
chive Project and all those involved a debt of gratitude for their tireless hard work and dedi-cation. I would especially like to commend my constituent, Robert Resnick, for his leadership in this Project. Mr. Resnick is the Chair of this important restoration endeavor. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-
nizing the Ravensbruck Archive Project. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE ANKENY HIGH 
SCHOOL GIRLS SOCCER TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate the Ankeny High School Girls Soccer Team for winning for the Iowa Girls 2A State Soccer Tournament. 
I would like to congratulate each member of 
the Team: 
Players: Mariah Anderson, Adrienne 
Beardsley, Morgan Bennett, Caroline Buelt, Molly Close, Lisa Dauterive, Jordan Enga, Ali Gibson, Kayla Heitz, Megan Henderson, Lizzy Humpall, Kelsey Laughman, Maddie Leever, Alexis Legg, Hannah McCann, Claire Netten, Aylssa Parker, Emily Schuhmacher, Jena Ste-vens, Tana Stevens, Kelsey Yarrow, and Tay-lor Young; 
Coaches: Lacey Woolf Chelsea Cline, 
Kristen Boyer, and Ashlee May; and 
Managers: Sahara Adamson, Allie Roode, 
and Malorie Strong. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by these stu-
dents and their coaches demonstrates the re-wards of hard work, dedication, and persever-ance. I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress. I know all of my col-leagues in the House join me in congratulating these young ladies and the rest of the team for competing in this rigorous competition and wishing them all continued success. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JIM TUDOR ON 
HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. TOM PRICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
today I would like to speak in honor of a good friend and policy advocate, Jim Tudor. Having known Jim for years, including back in my time in the Georgia State Senate, I know per-sonally his hard work ethic and keen insight on public affairs. 
Jim graduated from the University of Cin-
cinnati in 1972 and spent two years in the Army. Having worked for Georgia Association of Convenience Stores since January 1987, Jim has been recognized by James Magazine as one of the Top Ten Lobbyist or trade orga-nizations for the last three years and has re-ceived various Pigeon Awards from the Pi-geon Community. Jim is highly active in the community, including his church, the Cov-ington Rotary, the Georgia Youth Assembly and the YMCA. Mr. Speaker, Jim recently announced his re-
tirement after 29 years of work at the Georgia Association of Convenience Stores. After hav-ing done such wonderful work for so long, I am sure it will be a distinct, but well-deserved, change of pace. Though the Association will miss him, I know how excited his wife Sarah, his four children, and five grandchildren must be. Jim looks forward to roaming the country-side with Sarah in their retro-style 2015 Mel-low Yellow Winnebago. On behalf of the Sixth District of Georgia, I congratulate Jim and thank him for all he has done enriching our community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNITED 
STATES WOMEN’S NATIONAL TEAM ON WINNING 2015 FIFA WORLD CUP 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the United States Wom-en’s National Team for their victory at the 2015 FIFA World Cup, their third champion-ship, and first since the legendary 1999 cham-pionship team. 
The teamwork, individual skills of the play-
ers, and sportsmanship displayed by these great athletes shined through as they moved through their bracket and then the knock- round and finally the epic championship game where they defeated the valiant and talented 
Japan National Team 5–2 in the highest scor-ing championship game in the history of the World Cup. 
One nation. One team. Twenty three 
women. Twenty three girls who grew up to be-come role models for women and girls every-where and captured the hearts of all Ameri-cans. 
I would like to congratulate each and every 
one of these tremendous women for their dedication to the sport and to each other. 
It is a matter of special pride to me and the 
constituents of the 18th Congressional District that three members of the remarkable Wom-en’s National Team come from Houston’s local club, the Houston Dash: Meghan Klingenberg; Morgan Brian; and the tournament’s top player and winner of the Golden Ball Award, Carli Lloyd. 
As these women return to Houston this 
week, I know my constituents will be there cheering as hard as ever for their favorite players. 
Meghan, Morgan, and Carli are an inspira-
tion for the young women in my district—a dis-trict full of girls with the potential to succeed in sports, academics, and anything they set their minds to achieve. 
The incredible victory of the 2015 Women’s 
National Team is further proof that making the necessary investments to provide equal aca-demic, athletic, and economic opportunities to girls and women yield substantial tangible and intangible dividends to our nation. 
Mr. Speaker, women and girls are the big-
gest untapped resource in the world; in too many places they have been denied access to education, fair pay, and opportunities for so long—but that is changing. 
After a weekend of celebration, I think it is 
safe to say that when women succeed, Amer-ica succeeds. And you know what? America can succeed 
much more. 
Now, more than ever, I applaud the provi-
sions like Title IX which have made it possible for girls to take part in sports and school ac-tivities. 
However, there is more work to be done. But today is a day to celebrate and salute 
the remarkable women athletes of the vic-torious 2015 National Women’s Team which will live on in history as one of America’s greatest team and in the achievements to come of girls and boys who were inspired by their devotion to their sport, their team, and to each other. 
When girls succeed, women succeed. And 
when women succeed, America succeeds. 
f 
THANKING ALLEN KING FOR HIS 
SERVICE TO THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank 
Allen King, a resident of Maryland’s Fifth Con-gressional District, for his service to this House. He retired on June 30, 2015, after more than thirty years in various positions with the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer. 
For the past twelve years, Allen has served 
as the Supervisor for the Central Receiving and Warehousing, Logistics, and Support De-partment. He began his career with the House with the Labor Department and Property Sup-ply under the Clerk’s office, and for many years he worked directly under Cosmo Quattrone and Tom Van Dyke in the Fur-nishings Department. Following a reorganiza-tion of the CAO, the Department was renamed Logistics and Support, where Allen worked with former Deputy CAO Walt Edwards and former Chief Logistics Officer Jerry Bennett. 
Some of his most memorable experiences 
during his time working for the CAO include contributing to the setup for the Congressional Iran-Contra hearings in 1987 as well as the 2001 anthrax scare, when the House of Rep-resentatives had to convene in a temporary lo-cation. Allen and his team, along with other CAO staff, set up an alternate House chamber as well as temporary offices and provisions for Members and staff off campus. 
One of Allen’s favorite moments on the job 
occurred in 1981 when he witnessed a march-ing band performing through the halls of the Cannon House Office Building, in town for the Inauguration of President Ronald Reagan. Allen was also on hand to witness the lying- in-state of President Reagan’s casket in the Capitol Rotunda years later. 
In retirement, Allen intends to enjoy more 
fishing and visits with old friends and co-work-ers. I congratulate him on his years of service, and I wish him and his family all the best as Allen begins a new chapter in his life. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Allen King for his distinguished service, contributions, and commitment to this House and to our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JY8.018 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1008 July 7, 2015 
HONORING PRO PHARMACY IN 
SOUTH SAINT PAUL 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize the owner of PRO Pharmacy in South Saint Paul, Minnesota, Greg Schouweiler, along with his staff and cus-tomers, as this independent local business closes after decades of serving residents in my hometown and the surrounding commu-nity. 
In 1923, Gericke’s Pharmacy was estab-
lished, providing health care to local residents. In November 1975, Greg Schouweiler pur-chased this neighborhood drugstore at Marie and Fifth Avenue and continued to meet health care needs for families in South St. Paul for generations. 
Under Greg’s ownership, for nearly 40 
years, PRO Pharmacy truly grew into an im-portant community resource, providing high- quality patient care and exceptional, friendly and dependable customer service to individ-uals and families. For the past five years, PRO Pharmacy was the only pharmacy in South Saint Paul, the sole independent phar-macy in the nearby area, and the sole phar-macy delivering prescriptions to patients in South Saint Paul, West Saint Paul, and Inver Grove Heights. PRO Pharmacy delivered be-tween 400–500 prescriptions per day to Min-nesota seniors and people with disabilities free of charge. This was an invaluable service for these customers and ensured that they re-ceived their prescriptions in a timely manner. During the past several years, it was an honor to work with PRO Pharmacy on behalf of Medicare beneficiaries to help them to con-tinue to be able to get their prescriptions filled from their trusted neighborhood drugstore— PRO Pharmacy. 
On June 15, 2015, PRO Pharmacy closed 
for the last time. The courteous, high quality service they have provided for many years will be missed. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to rise to honor PRO Pharmacy in South Saint Paul, Minnesota after nearly four decades of putting customers first and serving the community. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF MARY LOU D EVIVO 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
with deep sadness to remember my friend and a pillar of the Windham region, Mary Lou DeVivo, who passed away last week. Mary Lou was an incredible woman, abound with endless energy and optimism and an unwav-ering commitment to the Windham community. 
Mary Lou was the owner and President of 
the Willimantic Waste Paper Company, a local business her late beloved husband James ran with her for many years. After James’s death in 1996, Mary Lou took the helm and grew the company further into a regional cornerstone, providing employment to many local residents and needed services to area businesses and households. Mary Lou worked for many years as a pre-
school and kindergarten teacher and believed fervently in the power of education to combat poverty. She graduated in 1960 from Willimantic State Teachers College with a de-gree in Education, and she later earned a de-gree in Religion from Holy Apostles College in Cromwell. Among her many accomplishments, Mary Lou will be remembered for launching the Windham Reads Program and serving as an unrelenting advocate for improving Windham Schools. 
She was well known for her deep and wide 
commitment to local community organizations, including the Covenant Soup Kitchen, the Windham Library Board, Willimantic Co-Op, Willimantic Irish Club, Connecticut Eastern Railroad Museum, the Victorian Neighborhood Association, Windham Garden Club, and the Board for Saint Mary Saint Joseph School, among others. She was uniquely attuned to the needs of her community, and she never hesitated to get involved when her contribu-tions would make a difference. 
She was a woman of deep faith, and was 
heavily involved in St. Joseph’s Parish in Windham, where she once served as Director of Religious Studies. She was a generous pa-tron of that church, as well as St. Mary’s and Sagrado Corazon De Jesus. Above all, Mary Lou will be remembered as an outgoing, friendly, feisty and strong-willed member of our community, and I will deeply miss her friendship. Windham will feel this loss greatly. 
My heart goes out to her family and friends, 
especially her children Tom, Tim, Bridget, John, and Gina and her 14 grandchildren. I ask that my colleagues please rise to remem-ber Mary Lou, a remarkable woman who will be missed profoundly by all who knew her. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CORUM’S FLOWERS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Corum’s Flowers of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for over 100 years in business. Corum’s Flowers has been ‘‘making special moments since 1910,’’ a slogan written on a chalkboard in the storefront. Pam and Wayne Cyboron are the owners of Corum’s Flowers. Pam is a second-generation florist, and her family business traces its roots back more than a century in Council Bluffs. 
Pam remembers driving a delivery van for 
her parents when she was a student in high school. Today Pam and Wayne enjoy the sup-port of over 15,000 customers, and the busi-ness has a reputation of great service. Pam said, ‘‘word-of-mouth is a big thing in this town.’’ Corum’s Flowers serves second and third generations of Council Bluffs families, the support of the community and their customer loyalty a testament to the great service they provide. 
I commend Corum’s Flowers and their staff 
for over 100 years of dedicated service to Council Bluffs and southwest Iowa. I urge my colleagues in the House to join me in con-gratulating Corum’s Flowers for this extraor-dinary occasion. I wish them and all of their employees best wishes moving forward. IN RECOGNITION OF JIM HARDY 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker and members, I 
rise today to honor the departing City Manager of Foster City, Jim Hardy. He’s had an ex-traordinary 34 years with the city, the last 21 years as City Manager. Jim leaves a legacy that is profound having joined the city just 10 years after it was incorporated. He is only the second City Manager ever hired by Foster City, following in the footsteps of his esteemed predecessor, Rick Wykoff. 
It is not quite fair to say that Foster City sits 
on San Francisco Bay. It’s more correct to say that our beautiful bay envelops Foster City, and offers its residents a lifestyle that is, as Jim Hardy says, paradise. Boating, fishing, parks second-to-none, and excellent schools that compare to any in this nation—this is Fos-ter City. Jim Hardy’s role in stabilizing and growing this community was pivotal. 
The finances of the city and its predecessor 
agency were shaky for many years. Jim joined the city’s staff as stability arrived, but the city and its councils have always made a strong balance sheet a top priority. As Jim has often noted, the city has wonderful public improve-ments but they are also on the bay, and they deteriorate rapidly. The roads need more care than most and the extensive pumping systems that fill and moderate Foster City’s lagoons are expensive to maintain. The community rightfully deserves a first class police depart-ment, and all of these expenses have to be managed aggressively. Jim is the classic ‘‘man with the green eyeshade’’ who realizes that a community of sustained good living can-not exist unless the city’s finances remain strong. As a consequence of his financial and community leadership, transformative public and private improvements have been accom-plished during his years as City Manager. 
The Vintage Park Overcrossing was com-
pleted in 1992. A corporation yard project was finished in 1993. A lift station for water control purposes was finished in 1996. Upon entering Foster City, one is struck by its beautiful new library and civic center complex, completed in 1999 and 2003, respectively. The Leo J. Ryan Amphitheater was completed in 2004, a water main extension in 2006, a teen center in 2010, and the widening of two major roads in 2013. The Foster Square development was finished this year. These are just a few of the many physical manifestations of Jim’s leadership. 
However, the most important and enduring 
legacy of Jim is the way in which he created a cohesive team amongst city staff. Employ-ees are encouraged to accept responsibility but to work as a team to meet the public’s needs. As we know, public service can some-times entail resolving contentious issues. Jim’s decent, non-controversial approach to problem solving was a steady voice during many staff and council meetings. 
Jim is not the only leader in the Hardy fam-
ily. His wife, Luisa, is also retiring from her ca-reer and the two of them will be able to spend more time with their four adult children, all em-ployed in challenging positions, and with the Hardy-family grandchildren. The airlines are going to be seeing a lot of Jim and Luisa as they make their way back and forth between 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JY8.023 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1009 July 7, 2015 
Utah and the Bay Area over these next few 
years. 
Mr. Speaker and members, one of the high-
est compliments that we can pay to anyone leaving public life is to say that they served with honor. Jim Hardy did so. He was honest and fair in his dealings with the public, patient with his councils and dutiful towards their di-rections, mindful of his employees and their needs and conscious of setting the highest personal standard of propriety. There are no statues erected or brilliant orchestral composi-tions written to commemorate the ending of a distinguished career in local government. However, there are fond memories. Jim leaves thousands of these as he exits public service. These fond memories are themselves a type of ode to a life well led, and as enduring as any statue that we might erect. Now is the time to say thank you to Jim Hardy, a man called father, grandfather, leader and friend. 
f 
HONORING BARBARA HARRIS 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to celebrate Barbara Ann Poland Harris of West Palm Beach, Florida, who turned 84 years old on June 29th, 2015. 
Barbara, who was born in Steubenville, 
Ohio, is a lifelong educator, member of the Alpha Xi Delta sorority, and loving mother of two sons. Barbara moved to Florida in 1954 to teach and coach basketball at St. Patrick’s Catholic School in Miami Beach. She went on to teach at Watkin B. Duncan Middle School in 1965, where she taught until her retirement in 1995. While teaching at the middle school, Barbara was named teacher of the month, had a yearbook dedication in her name, and was a tennis coach and avid sports supporter. After her retirement Barbara traveled exten-sively across Europe and Asia. 
I am proud to represent Barbara in Florida’s 
22nd District. I join with her friends and family in celebrating her birthday. I wish her good health and continued success in the coming years. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 50TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE PASSAGE OF THE ‘‘OLDER AMERICANS ACT’’ OF 1965 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the passage of the Older Americans Act of 1965. 
Passed by the historic 89th Congress, the 
‘‘Older Americans Act’’ was signed into law by President Lyndon Johnson on July 14, 1965 in response to the growing national consensus that the level of community social services available for older Americans was simply inad-equate. 
The original legislation established the au-
thority for grants to states for community plan-ning and other social services. These services included funding for vital re-
search and development of projects, and per-sonnel training to assist our aging citizens. 
This legislation authorized the creation of a 
wide array of programs through a national net-work of 56 state agencies that specialize in aging. 
The legislation also led to the creation of 
629 area agencies on aging, nearly 20,000 service providers, 244 Tribal organizations, and 2 Native Hawaiian organizations rep-resenting 400 Tribes throughout our country. 
The Older Americans Act also assisted in 
the creation of community service employment for low-income elder Americans. 
These community services included imple-
mentation of job training for our aging commu-nity; along with focusing on the protection of the rights of vulnerable Americans. 
Every year, an estimated 2.1 million older 
Americans are victims of elder abuse, neglect, or exploitation. 
In 2013 alone, over 4.2 million elder Ameri-
cans were below the poverty level. 
Today, an estimated 65.7 million Americans, 
or nearly 30 percent of the general population, provide care for an older adult, or someone living with illness or disability. 
The Older Americans Act has led to the cre-
ation of vital programs such as the National Meals on Wheels of America, which provide meals to our ever growing elderly community. 
According to the United States Census Bu-
reau, 9 percent of the residents of my con-gressional district, which is centered in Hous-ton, Texas, are over the age of 65. 
These older citizens in the city of Houston 
utilize services provided by the Harris County Area Agency on Aging Family Caregiver Sup-port Network. 
Without the passage of significant legislation 
such as the ‘‘Older Americans Act’’ of 1965, older American citizens throughout our country would never know of the positive impact that a professional caregiver can provide them. 
Older women are more than likely to be liv-
ing alone at the age of 75, and a caregiver will provide them the necessary assistance to live a healthy life in their own home. 
The issues facing our seniors grow every 
day with the increasing pace of the world around us. 
The services that the Older Americans Act 
generated have assisted countless elder Americans in the half century since the law was enacted. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to commemorate 
the 50th anniversary of the passage of the ‘‘Older Americans Act’’ of 1965 and to recog-nize its remarkable contributions to the quality of life enjoyed by older Americans and in mak-ing our country a better and sweeter place to live. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,981,262,337.43. We’ve 
added $7,525,104,213,424.35 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-
tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it recently 
has come to my attention that the last vote I intended to cast during the vote series on May 12, 2015, was not recorded. I would have re-corded my vote as Yes on H.R. 2146, the De-fending Public Safety Employees Retirement Act. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF 
MORRIE SANCHEZ 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to remember Morrie Sanchez, a longtime Angeleno, onetime union organizer, avid danc-er, and family friend. Morrie passed away quietly on June 16, 2015, in Monrovia, Cali-fornia, at the age of 97. 
Born on June 25, 1917, in Jerome, Arizona, 
to Victoria Balderamos and Angel Gonzalez, Morrie was from an old California family whose roots in the state predated the Mexican Revolution and its becoming part of the United States. She had two sisters, Vera and Mar-garita. 
Her grandfather, Zeferino Balderamos, was 
born in San Luis Obispo in the early 1800s, and her grandmother, Modesta Rodriguez, was from Sonora, Mexico. 
When Morrie moved to Los Angeles, Cali-
fornia, she lived and raised her three eldest daughters—Dolores, Rose Marie, and Carol— in the city’s downtown core, in an area known as Bunker Hill. She later moved to Pico-Union, where she raised her youngest daughter, Syl-via. 
Morrie was a stalwart of the International 
Ladies Garment Workers Union (ILGWU), serving as a union organizer, as a shop stew-ard, and multiple terms as local chapter presi-dent between 1950 and the late 1980s. 
A longtime community activist, Morrie 
worked diligently in many political campaigns. These included the first election of my father, former Congressman Edward R. Roybal, to his earlier position as the first Latino in the 20th century to be elected to the Los Angeles City Council. 
For many years, she volunteered with the 
City of Hope and White Memorial Hospital, and with many other local nonprofit groups. 
Morrie did not let retirement slow her down 
a bit. Instead, she used her ‘‘free time’’ to sup-port senior citizen causes, and could often be seen dancing the afternoon away at one of the many local senior centers, including the Inter-national Institute in Boyle Heights, the High-land Park Senior Center, and Salazar Park in East Los Angeles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JY8.026 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1010 July 7, 2015 
In 1990, the International Institute named 
her ‘‘Mother of the Year.’’ Morrie was the ma-triarch of six generations living in Southern California at the time of her death. 
The Roybal family is fortunate to have 
known Morrie Sanchez as a supporter and friend. 
She is survived by daughters Dolores San-
chez, Rose Marie Barron, Carol Limon, and Sylvia Sanchez; sons-in-law Jonathan San-chez and Gilbert Limon; 17 grandchildren; 41 great-grandchildren; 29 great-great-grand-children; and one great-great-great grandchild. She was laid to rest on June 25, 2015, at Cal-vary Cemetery in East Los Angeles. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GORDON AND 
PATRICIA SCHOENING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Gordon and Pa-tricia Schoening of Glenwood, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 70th wedding anniversary. 
Gordon and Patricia’s lifelong commitment 
to each other, their children Suzanne, Bruce, and Jodi, their seven grandchildren, and their six great-grandchildren embodies true Iowa values. I applaud this devoted couple on their 70th year together and I wish them many more years of happiness. I know my col-leagues in the House will join me in congratu-lating them on this momentous occasion. I wish them and their family all the best moving forward. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LIFE OF 
AUBREY WILLIAM ‘‘BILL’’ FRENCH 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the life and contributions of Mr. Au-brey William ‘‘Bill’’ French for his commitment to the betterment of Ypsilanti, MI, and service to his community. Bill French’s passion for business stimulated the local economy and in-stilled a confidence in other entrepreneurs to invest in Washtenaw County. 
Mr. French’s business career started in 
1972 when he and his wife, Sandee French, opened Aubree’s Pizzeria in Depot Town. The business became the foundation for Depot Town and it has been a special establishment in Washtenaw County since 1972. Aubree’s continues to operate after 43 years, and it has grown to include 8 separate locations. 
Mr. French was known as a passionate res-
taurant owner who worked hard to develop a strong rapport with his staff. He helped his team develop a strong work ethic, and sup-ported their academic and professional goals. His skills as a mentor not only developed a restaurant; he built a family. 
In addition to being a restaurant owner, Mr. 
French was the first president of the Depot Downtown Development Authority, and served on the Ypsilanti Economic Development Cor-poration. For his service to his community, Mr. 
French received many awards throughout his life, such as the Small Business Person of the Year Award in 1994, and the Distinguished Service Award from the Ypsilanti Area Cham-ber of Commerce. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to honor the memory of Mr. Aubrey Wil-liam ‘‘Bill’’ French for his dedication to busi-ness, the City of Ypsilanti, and Washtenaw County. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BILL PRESS 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Bill Press for his outstanding contributions to political commentary in the District of Colum-bia and across the country, and in congratu-lating him on the occasion of his 10th anniver-sary as host of the nationally syndicated The Bill Press Show, heard on the radio and seen on FreeSpeech TV. With offices located right here in Ward 6 of the nation’s capital, Bill Press has remained consistent in informing Americans about our congressional legislation for statehood and voting rights, and D.C.’s fight to achieve equal citizenship. 
Ten years ago, The Bill Press Show began 
as a nationally syndicated talk radio program. Today, the program is seen and heard nation-ally on radio, television, and on the internet. For more than four decades, Bill has made himself a go-to, reliable political pundit on radio and on television. Bill has covered both the Democratic and Republican national con-ventions in his time as host of The Bill Press Show and regularly covers the White House. As a former co-host of MSNBC’s Buchanan and Press, CNN’s Crossfire and The Spin Room, Bill Press built a national reputation for thought-provoking and humorous insights on American politics. 
Bill Press is also the author of five books 
and writes a nationally syndicated newspaper column, distributed by Tribune Media Serv-ices. He is also a featured columnist for The Hill newspaper in Washington, D.C. 
During Bill’s storied career, he has received 
numerous awards for his work, including four Emmys and a Golden Mike Award. In 1992, the Associated Press named him Best Com-mentator of the Year. 
Bill Press got experience many commenta-
tors lack when he chaired the California Democratic Party from 1993 to 1996 and served as chief of staff to California State Senator Peter Behr (R). He also served as di-rector of the California Office of Planning and Research under Governor Jerry Brown. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
commending Bill Press and his entire team at The Bill Press Show, including his Executive Producer, Peter Ogburn, and his business partner, Paul Woodhull for their 10 years of outstanding service to the field of political commentary and their continued commitment to providing information and analysis to the American people. HONORING THE GREAT SALT BAY 
COMMUNITY SCHOOL IN DAMARISCOTTA, MAINE 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to be 
from a state with a lasting tradition of sup-porting arts education. From Winslow Homer to Andrew Wyeth, Maine artists have long been recognized for their extraordinary talent. This is in no small part due to the emphasis that Maine schools have put on arts edu-cation. I’m so grateful for the many educators who have made teaching our youth about the arts a priority. 
This year, the Great Salt Bay Community 
School in Damariscotta, Maine won the Na-tional Association of Music Merchants Founda-tion’s SupportMusic Merit Award for the ex-ceptional quality of its music program. They have led our state in arts education, and I am confident that their program serves as an in-spiration to schools across the country that are looking to better educate their students about the arts. 
Winning the SupportMusic Merit Award is a 
prestigious honor, and the entire Damariscotta community should be proud. This achievement belongs to the administration, teachers, stu-dents, families, and town as a whole. I am so proud to have this excellent school in my dis-trict. This award is a testament to its teachers’ dedication and commitment to their students as well as to the tremendous talent that is re-quired to motivate and properly educate stu-dents about music. 
It gives me great pleasure to offer the Great 
Salt Bay Community School—along with its teachers, staff and students—my sincerest congratulations on this prestigious award, and my best wishes for the years to come. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE PASSAGE 
OF THE PRESIDENTIAL SUCCES-SION ACT OF 1947 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate the passage of the ‘‘Presidential Succession Act of 1947.’’ 
Passed by the 80th Congress, the ‘‘Presi-
dential Succession Act’’ was signed into law by President Harry S Truman on July 18, 1947, in response to the sudden death of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, the 32nd President of the United States. 
The death of President Roosevelt was felt 
throughout the country, because FDR had held the office for over twelve years and seen the country through the Great Depression, the surprise attack by Japan on Pearl Harbor, and World War II. 
When President Roosevelt died, Vice Presi-
dent Harry Truman was immediately sworn in as President; the position of Vice President re-mained vacant for the duration of the term, from April 1945 to January 1949. 
President Truman prevailed upon the Con-
gress to pass legislation that would correct the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JY8.031 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1011 July 7, 2015 
issue of a vacant Constitutional position within 
the Executive Branch. 
The Presidential Succession Act established 
the line of succession to the office of Presi-dent of the United States in the event that nei-ther a President nor Vice President is able to discharge the powers and duties of the office. 
The Presidential Succession Act places the 
Speaker of the House first and the President pro tempore second in the line of constitu-tional succession for our Chief Executive after the Vice President of the United States. 
By creating this clear line of Constitutional 
succession for the Office of the President, Congress provided a mechanism to maintain continuity of executive branch operation through horrific national tragedies, like the one occurring on November 22, 1963 in Dallas, Texas, when President John F. Kennedy was assassinated, elevating at that moment Vice President Lyndon Johnson to the Office of the Presidency. 
Another moment in our nation’s history that 
exemplifies the wisdom of the Presidential Succession Act is the attempted assassination on March 30, 1981, of our 40th President, Ronald Reagan. 
The aftermath of this attempted assassina-
tion of a sitting U.S. President was eased by the well-known defined transition of duties set forth in the Presidential Succession Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to commemorate 
the ‘‘Presidential Succession Act’’ of 1947 as an example of Congressional foresight in pro-tecting the continuity of the Office of the Presi-dency during a national crisis. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE MEDICAL UNI-
VERSITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND THE SOUTH CAROLINA EDU-CATIONAL TELEVISION NET-WORK 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
offer my congratulations to the Medical Univer-sity of South Carolina (MUSC) and South Carolina Educational Television (SCETV) for garnering a coveted bronze prize at the an-nual ‘‘Telly Awards’’ for their partnership docu-mentary, ‘‘Zip Code.’’ The Telly Awards honor the finest in film, video production, and web commercials for outstanding local, regional and cable television commercials and pro-grams. 
I applaud MUSC and SCETV on their efforts 
to present a program to South Carolina view-ers offering viewpoints of doctors and commu-nity leaders that seek to change the way peo-ple think about health care. More specifically, this program focuses on a variety of health topics, from the food we eat to the water we drink to the air we breathe—all of which affect our daily lives and play a huge role in our health. According to statistics from the Centers for Disease Control, in South Carolina alone there are approximately one million people who lack access to healthy food. That’s 20 percent of the state’s population. 
Through MUSC’s Public Information and 
Community Outreach group, the ‘‘Zip Code’’ production paired two outstanding organiza-tions who presented an in-depth look at the many causes of health disparities in our nation 
today. As stated in the program, ‘‘Health starts where we live, learn, work and play. In fact, some experts say the lifespan of a child is de-termined more by his or her zip code than their genetic code.’’ ‘‘Zip Code’’ seeks to an-swer, ‘‘Why is there such a divide in the health of the American people?’’ 
I would also like to personally thank my 
good friend David Rivers, the Director of the Public Information and Community Outreach department at MUSC, for his leadership in this project. His commitment and creativity have led to instructive and productive innovations. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my col-
leagues join me in congratulating these two outstanding organizations on their efforts to bring attention to the important topic of the state of health in South Carolina. 
f 
HONORING UNITED STATES NAVY 
CAPTAIN ANDREW K.M. ROSA 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the career and contributions of United States Navy Captain Andrew Rosa. I know I am not alone in my appreciation of Captain Rosa’s service and dedication. 
Throughout his career, Captain Rosa served 
in a variety of positions both here in the United States and overseas. As Mission Com-mander of Task Group 53.8—a Fifth Fleet antiterrorism-force protection task group—he was mobilized and deployed to the Persian Gulf in support of Operations Southern Watch and Enduring Freedom. His bravery and con-tributions to our nation’s fight against terrorism are truly admirable. 
Captain Rosa leaves a lasting legacy 
through his leadership and unwavering com-mitment to the protection of this country’s ideals both at home and abroad. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to express my gratitude to Cap-tain Andrew Rosa for his thirty-four years of exemplary service. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. WILLIAM 
L. DEAN 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Dr. William L. Dean who will become Pastor Emeritus at First Baptist Church of Sylacauga in Sylacauga, Alabama. 
Dr. Dean served as the senior pastor at 
First Baptist Church of Sylacauga from Octo-ber 1972 until December 1994—pastoring this church longer than any other minister. 
The event honoring Dr. Dean will take place 
at the First Baptist Church on Sunday, August 23, 2015 at 11:00 a.m. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing 
Dr. Dean and thanking him for his unwavering service and devotion to First Baptist Church Sylacauga. TRIBUTE TO JOHN AND SUE VAN 
FOSSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor John and Sue Van Fosson of Clarinda, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 60th wedding anni-versary. John and Sue were married on June 24, 1955 in College Springs, Iowa. 
John and Sue’s lifelong commitment to each 
other, their children, Teresa, Julie, Robin, Bruce, and Betsy, as well as their grand-children and great-grandchildren truly em-bodies our Iowa values. I applaud this devoted couple on their 60th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the House will join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. I wish them and their family all the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF FLOR-
IDA’S BELOVED, SENATOR DURELL ‘‘DOC’’ PEADEN, JR. 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize the life and legacy of Northwest Florida’s beloved Senator Durell ‘‘Doc’’ Peaden, Jr. Doc was a great friend and com-mitted public servant who had an enormous impact on the lives of both his constituents in Northwest Florida and the state as a whole. His passing is mourned throughout the great State of Florida. 
A proud Northwest Floridian, Doc was born 
August 24, 1945, in DeFuniak Springs. After obtaining his undergraduate degree from Tulane University, Doc went on to medical school, gaining his MD in 1973. He imme-diately returned to his home in Northwest Flor-ida, and, as he often liked to say, he was a ‘‘country doctor’’ for decades, working tire-lessly to care for the patients in and around his home in Okaloosa County. While practicing 
medicine, Doc also obtained his law degree. 
In 1994, Doc Peaden began his distin-
guished career as an elected official when he won a seat in the Florida House of Represent-atives serving the people of the 5th District. Using his immense experience as a doctor, Doc quickly established himself as a leader in the state on health care issues, and during his time in the House, he helped lead efforts to expand medical education in the state by es-tablishing a medical school at Florida State University. Having had the opportunity to serve with Doc in the Florida House, I know firsthand how hard he worked to ensure that the medical needs of our state were met. 
After serving in the Florida House of Rep-
resentatives, Doc continued his tremendous service to Northwest Florida in the Florida State Senate, where he served from 2000– 2010. His tenure included a position as Chair-man of the Health and Human Services Ap-propriations Committee, and he successfully championed many important health care re-lated bills through the Florida Legislature, in-cluding legislation requiring greater reporting from physicians. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JY8.036 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1012 July 7, 2015 
As a physician and a legislator, Doc was 
deeply committed to advancing the important issue of medical education to the forefront, and both during and after his time in the Leg-islature, he championed the construction of new medical schools around the state. He deeply understood how vital it is to ensure that rural Floridians have their medical needs met in their own community, and after leaving the Senate, he was instrumental in bringing a new dental school to DeFuniak Springs. 
To some, Doc Peaden will be remembered 
as a caring physician, always going above and beyond the call to serve the needs of his pa-tients; to others, he will be remembered as an exceptional elected official and champion of health care; to his friends and family, he will forever be remembered as a loving husband and father. His immense contributions to our community and our state will never be forgot-ten. 
On behalf of the United States Congress, I 
am privileged to recognize the life of Senator Durell ‘‘Doc’’ Peaden, Jr. My wife Vicki and I extend our heartfelt prayers and condolences to his wife, Nancy; his children Durell III (Trey), Tyler, and Taylen; and the entire Peaden family. 
f 
HONORING MR. JOHN MOERLINS 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. John Moerlins. It takes a special type of person to lead a life of serving his or her community; Mr. Moerlins was that type of person. 
Mr. Moerlins selflessly served our great 
country during his early years in the United States Army and continued to serve his local community of Sound Beach, New York, through his work in federal and local agencies, and many local organizations. After serving in the Army, Mr. Moerlins came home to Long Is-land where he worked eighteen years as a let-ter carrier for the Glendale Post Office of the United States Postal Service and was a long- 
time member of the National Association of Letter Carriers. He later became Treasurer of the National Association of Retired Federal Employees. 
Mr. Moerlins continued his life of service on 
a more local level as a valued resident of the Sound Beach Community on Long Island. He was a long-time member of the Sound Beach Civic Association, the Mt. Sinai Senior Citizens Club, and the Board of the Sound Beach Property Owners. He served as an usher in the St. Louis de Montfort R.C. Church, served on the Miller Place Board of Education, and was also extremely instrumental in the com-pletion of many local projects. As a Veteran of the United States Armed Forces, it is fitting that Mr. Moerlins helped to secure funding to create the Sound Beach Veterans Memorial. Additionally, Mr. Moerlins was actively in-volved in the design of the children’s park and the installation of the bus shelter in front of the post office in Sound Beach. 
Mr. Moerlins passed away on December 15, 
2011. In addition to serving his community, Mr. Moerlins was also a loving husband, fa-ther, and grandfather who is dearly missed by his family and friends. It is my hope that many will follow in the footsteps of Mr. Moerlins and give back to their country and community as graciously as he did. People like Mr. Moerlins help make our world a much better place. 
Today, I thank John for his years of dedica-
tion and service to our country and commu-nity. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF 
CARL D. ‘‘CHUBBY’’ PROFFITT, JR. 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I submit 
these remarks to commemorate the life of Carl D. ‘‘Chubby’’ Proffitt, Jr. of Charlottesville, Vir-ginia, who passed away June 30, 2015 at age 96. Mr. Proffitt began serving in the U.S. Army 
National Guard during the Great Depression to support his family. He was called to duty dur-ing Pearl Harbor and as a member of the Army’s 29th Infantry Division, led his platoon on D-Day. Mr. Proffitt successfully guided thir-ty men in his landing craft safely on the beach through rounds of machine gun and artillery fire. 
For his valor and service, he received three 
Purple Hearts, a Distinguished Service Cross, a Silver Star, two Bronze Stars, and numerous other awards. In 2013, I was honored to see Mr. Proffitt receive the French Legion of Honor for his service during World War II and partici-pate in a ceremony honoring Mr. Proffitt in Charlottesville at the American Legion. He fondly remembered those he served with who did not return home and credited God for his safe return. 
Mr. Proffitt was a tremendous family man— 
a husband of 64 years to wife Ollie, a father, grandfather, and great-grandfather. As a wit-ness to such pivotal moments in our nation’s history, he was honored to speak with student groups and those researching World War II. He was selected to lead the Pledge of Alle-giance at the 2008 Naturalization Ceremony at Monticello which then-President George W. Bush attended. He was actively engaged with local recreational endeavors, particularly sports, leading the Charlottesville City Council to honor him in 2010 by dedicating fields at the McIntire Softball Complex in his name. Mr. Proffitt was remembered by Phil Grimm, the commander of American Legion Post 74, of which Proffitt was a lifetime member, as a humble, spirited leader: ‘‘He was so down-to- earth that you never realized you were in the presence of someone who had accomplished so much.’’ 
We remain forever grateful for Mr. Proffitt’s 
bravery and sacrifices—may he rest in peace. On the day Carl D. ‘‘Chubby’’ Proffitt, Jr. is laid to rest, I ask that the members of this House of Representatives join me, the Proffitt family, and the community of Charlottesville, Virginia in honoring the memory of a great American hero. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Jul 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JY8.018 E07JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D777 Tuesday, July 7, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4659–S4803 
Measures Introduced: Eleven bills were introduced, 
as follows: S. 1704–1714.                              Pages S4685–86 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1109, to require adequate information regard-
ing the tax treatment of payments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies. (S. Rept. No. 114–76) 
S. 1359, to allow manufacturers to meet warranty 
and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Internet websites. (S. Rept. No. 114–77) 
S. 1705, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 
2016 for intelligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the United States Government, the Commu-nity Management Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System. 
                                                                                            Page S4685 
Measures Passed: 
Department of the Interior Tribal Self-Govern-
ance Act: Senate passed S. 286, to amend the Indian 
Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act to provide further self-governance by Indian tribes, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S4802 
McConnell (for Barrasso) Amendment No. 1471, 
in the nature of a substitute.                                Page S4802 
Measures Considered: 
Every Child Achieves Act—Agreement: Senate 
began consideration of S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S4661–78 
Pending: 
Alexander/Murray Amendment No. 2089, in the 
nature of a substitute.                                      Pages S4669–74 
Alexander (for Fischer) Amendment No. 2079 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to ensure local governance of education.
                                                                 Page S4674 
Murray (for Peters) Amendment No. 2095 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to allow local educational agencies to use parent and family engagement funds 
for financial literacy activities.                             Page S4675 
Alexander (for Rounds/Udall) Amendment No. 
2078 (to Amendment No. 2089), to require the Sec-retary of Education and the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study regarding elementary and sec-ondary education in rural or poverty areas of Indian country.
                                                                           Page S4675 
Murray (for Reed/Cochran) Amendment No. 2085 
(to Amendment No. 2089), to amend the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 regarding school librarians and effective school library pro-grams.
                                                                              Page S4675 
Murray (for Warner) Amendment No. 2086 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to enable the use of certain State and local administrative funds for fiscal support teams.
                                                                              Page S4675 
Toomey Amendment No. 2094 (to Amendment 
No. 2089), to protect our children from convicted pedophiles, child molesters, and other sex offenders infiltrating our schools and from schools ‘‘passing the trash’’—helping pedophiles obtain jobs at other schools.
                                                                    Pages S4676–77 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that each bill manager be in order to offer side-by-side amendments to Toomey Amendment No. 2094 (to Amendment No. 2089) (listed above), and that no second-degree amendments be in order to Toomey Amendment No. 2094 (to Amendment No. 2089) or side-by-side amendments.
        Page S4675 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, July 8, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S4802 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
By a unanimous vote of 95 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
221), Kara Farnandez Stoll, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Federal Circuit. 
                                                                            Pages S4678, S4803 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4685 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S4685 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S4659, S4685 
Executive Communications:                             Page S4685 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:39 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D07JY5.REC D07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D778 July 7, 2015 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4686–88 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4688–89 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4684–85 
Amendments Submitted:                     Pages S4689–S4801 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S4801–02 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4802 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—221)                                                                 Page S4678 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2:30 p.m. and 
adjourned at 6:54 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednes-day, July 8, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4802.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
HIGHLY PATHOGENIC AVIAN INFLUENZA 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine highly patho-genic avian influenza, focusing on the impact on the United States poultry sector and protecting poultry flocks, after receiving testimony from John Clifford, Deputy Administrator, Veterinary Services, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, and David Swayne, Laboratory Director, Southeast Poultry Re-search Laboratory, Agricultural Research Services, both of the Department of Agriculture; Jim Dean, United Egg Producers, Sioux Center, Iowa; Ken Klippen, National Association of Egg Farmers, Collegeville, Pennsylvania; Brad Moline, Moline Farms, Manson, Iowa, on behalf of the National Tur-key Federation; Rob Knecht, Konos, Inc., Martin, Michigan, on behalf of Michigan Allied Poultry In-dustries; and Tom Elam, FarmEcon LLC, Carmel, In-diana. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, 
Foreign Operations, and Related Programs approved for full committee consideration an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
COUNTER-ISIL STRATEGY 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine counter-ISIL (Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant) strategy, after receiving testi-mony from Ashton B. Carter, Secretary, and General Martin E. Dempsey, USA, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, both of the Department of Defense. TECHNOLOGIES TRANSFORMING 
TRANSPORTATION 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security concluded a hearing to examine technologies transforming transportation, focusing on whether the government is keeping up, after receiving testimony from Susan Alt, Volvo Group North America, Greensboro, North Carolina; Paul Misener, Amazon.com, and Greg Fox, BNSF Railway Company, both of Wash-ington, D.C.; and Michael Christensen, Port of Long Beach, Long Beach, California. 
YAKIMA RIVER BASIN WATER 
ENHANCEMENT PROJECT 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine S. 1694, to amend Public Law 103–434 to authorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of improving water management in the Yakima River basin, after receiving testimony from Tom Iseman, Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Inte-rior for Water and Science; Derek Sandison, Wash-ington State Department of Agriculture Director, Olympia; Urban Eberhart, Kittitas Reclamation Dis-trict, Ellensburg, Washington; Michael Garrity, American Rivers, Tacoma, Washington; and Phil Rigdon, Yakama Nation Department of Natural Re-sources, Toppenish, Washington. 
2014 HUMANITARIAN BORDER CRISIS 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine 
2014 humanitarian crisis at our border, focusing on a review of the government’s response to unaccom-panied minors one year later, after receiving testi-mony from Juan P. Osuna, Director, Executive Of-fice for Immigration Review, Department of Justice; Mark Greenberg, Acting Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services, Administration for Children and Families; and Philip T. Miller, Assist-ant Director for Field Operations, Enforcement and Removal Operations, Immigration and Customs En-forcement, and Joseph E. Langlois, Associate Direc-tor, Refugee, Asylum and International Operations Directorate, Citizenship and Immigration Services, both of the Department of Homeland Security. 
SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH CARE 
CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security concluded a hearing to examine small busi-ness health care challenges and opportunities, after receiving testimony from Thomas M. Harte, Land-
mark Benefits Inc., Hampstead, New Hampshire, on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:39 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D07JY5.REC D07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D779 July 7, 2015 
behalf of the National Association of Health Under-
writers; James G. Scott, Applied Policy, Alexandria, Virginia; Sabrina Corlette, Georgetown University McCourt School of Public Policy Center on Health Insurance Reforms, Washington, D.C.; and J. Kelly Conklin, Foley Waite Associates, Kenilworth, New Jersey, on behalf of the Main Street Alliance. INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 2947–2961; and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 59; and H. Res. 59, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H4860–61 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4862–64 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 6, to accelerate the discovery, development, 
and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–190, Part 1); 
H.R. 2256, to amend title 38, United States 
Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Ad-ministration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–191); and 
H. Res. 347, providing for further consideration 
of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local ac-countability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdic-tion of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire- prone forested lands, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–192).
                                                         Page H4860 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Abraham to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4777 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
United States-Jordan Defense Cooperation Act 
of 2015: H.R. 907, amended, to improve defense co-operation between the United States and the 
Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan;                  Pages H4779–81 
Veterans Identification Card Act 2015: Concur 
in the Senate amendment to H.R. 91, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran iden-tification cards to certain veterans, by a 2/3 yea-and- nay vote of 411 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 391; and
                                    Pages H4781–82, H4815–16 
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act: 
H.R. 1531, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit pro-
motion procedures.
                                           Pages H4782–83 
Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016: The 
House considered H.R. 2822, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. Consideration began on June 25th. 
                                                         Pages H4783–H4814, H4816–56 
Agreed to: 
Poe (TX) amendment that redirects funding with-
in the Land Acquisition Account by $1,000,000; 
                                                                                            Page H4784 
Polis amendment that redirects funding within 
Wildland Fire Management by $1,000,000; 
                                                                                            Page H4785 
Young (AK) amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to implement the revised comprehensive con-servation plan for the Arctic National Wildlife Ref-uge, Alaska;
                                                          Pages H4803–04 
Grijalva amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds in contravention of the Executive Order re-garding Indian Sacred Sites;
                                Page H4804 
Poliquin amendment (No. 12 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 24, 2015) that prohibits the use of funds to enforce the Code of Federal Reg-ulations regarding biomass;
                          Pages H4804–05 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:39 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D07JY5.REC D07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D780 July 7, 2015 
Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to treat the Sonoran Desert Tortoise as an endan-gered species or threatened species;
          Pages H4806–07 
Gosar amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
for the United Nations Environment Programme; 
                                                                                    Pages H4808–09 
Smith (TX) amendment that reduces funding for 
the EPA’s programs and management account to not more than $1,713,500, and not more than $3,581,500 for the Office of Congressional and Intergovernmental Relations account;
     Pages H4810–11 
Huffman amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to enter into a new contract or agreement or to administer a portion of an existing contract with a concessioner in any facility within a unit of the National Park System of an item with a Confederate flag as a stand-alone feature;
                        Pages H4811–12 
Collins (GA) amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to reduce or terminate any of the propagation programs listed in the March 2013 National Fish Hatchery System Strategic Hatchery and Workforce Planning Report;
                                                       Page H4812 
Gallego amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to issue a grazing permit or lease in contraven-tion of section 4110.1 or 4130.1–1(b) of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations;
                               Page H4816 
Huffman amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to implement National Park Service Director’s Order 61 as it pertains to allowing a grave in any Federal cemetery to be decorated with a Confederate flag;
                                                                                  Page H4818 
Walberg amendment (No. 9 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 24, 2015) that prohibits the use of funds to lobby in contravention of section 1913 of title 18, United States Code, on behalf of the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Definition of Waters of the United States Under the Clean Water Act; 
                                                                                    Pages H4818–19 
Walden amendment (No. 30 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 25, 2015) that prohibits the use of funds to complete or implement the revi-sion of the resource management plans for the Coos Bay, Eugene, Medford, Roseburg, or Salem Districts of the Bureau of Land Management or the Klamath Falls Field Office of the Lakeview District of the Bu-reau of Land management proposed in the bureau of Land Management Plan Revisions and Draft Envi-ronmental Impact Statement for Western Oregon published in the Federal Register on April 24, 2015; 
                                                                                    Pages H4819–20 
Engel amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to be used by the Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, or any other Fed-eral agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehi-cles for any executive fleet or agency’s fleet inven-tory, except in accordance with Presidential Memo-randum-Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 
2011;
                                                                       Pages H4822–23 
Byrne amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to be used to propose legislation to redirect funds al-located under section 105(a)(2)(A) of the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006;
     Pages H4823–24 
Grayson amendment (No. 34 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 25, 2015) that prohibits the use of funds to enter into a contract with any offeror if the offeror certifies, pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that they have been con-victed of fraud, charged by a governmental entity with stated offenses, or have been notified of any de-linquent Federal taxes in an amount that exceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied; 
                                                                                            Page H4824 
Jolly amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to research, investigate, or study offshore drilling in the Eastern Gulf of Mexico Planning Area; 
                                                                                    Pages H4825–26 
Crawford amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds by EPA to enforce the requirements of part 112 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations with re-spect to any farm;
                                             Pages H4827–28 
Jeffries amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
by the National Park Service to purchase or display a confederate flag except in situations where such flags would provide historical context pursuant to a National Park Service memorandum;
              Page H4828 
Smith (TX) amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds by the EPA to propose, finalize, implement, or revise any regulation in which the research data re-lied upon to support such action is not derived from established scientific methods;
                    Pages H4828–29 
Newhouse amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds by the Administrator of the EPA to issue any regulation that applies to an animal feeding oper-ation, including a concentrated animal feeding oper-ation and a large concentrated animal feeding oper-ation;
                                                                        Pages H4831–33 
Jackson Lee amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to eliminate the Urban Wildlife Refuge Part-nership;
                                                                   Pages H4834–35 
Yoder amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to implement or enforce the threatened species list-ing of the lesser prairie chicken;
                Pages H4835–36 
Jackson Lee amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution;
                        Pages H4836–38 
Rothfus amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds by the Director of the National Park Service to implement, administer, or enforce Policy Memo-randum 11–03 or to approve a request by a park su-perintendent to eliminate the sale in National Parks of water in disposable plastic bottles;
     Pages H4838–39 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:39 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D07JY5.REC D07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D781 July 7, 2015 
Jackson Lee amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds by the National Park Service in contravention of section 320101 of title 54, United States Code; 
                                                                                    Pages H4839–41 
Weber (TX) amendment (No. 7 printed in the 
Congressional Record of June 24, 2015) that pro-hibits the use of funds in contravention of Section 321(a) of the Clean Air Act;
                                Page H4841 
Noem amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to close or move the D.C. Booth Historic National Fish Hatchery and Archives;
                                Page H4842 
Hudson amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds by the Environmental Protection Agency to issue, implement, administer, or enforce any regula-tion of particulate matter emissions from residential barbecues;
                                                                      Page H4844 
Thompson (PA) amendment that prohibits the use 
of funds to treat the northern long-eared bat as an endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973;
                                                         Pages H4845–46 
Lamborn amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to implement or enforce the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act of 1973;
     Pages H4846–47 
Lamborn amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds to implement or enforce the threatened species or endangered species listing of any plant or wildlife that has not undergone a review as required by the Endangered Species Act of 1973;
              Pages H4847–48 
Black amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
by the EPA to finalize, implement, administer, or enforce a revision of the Code of Federal Regulations or any rule with respect to glider kits and glider ve-hicles;
                                                                       Pages H4850–51 
Mica amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
to implement Alternative A, Alternative C, or Alter-native D, described in the Final General Manage-ment Plan and Environmental Impact Statement for Castillo de San Marcos National Monument in St. Augustine, Florida educational center;
           Page H4851 
Burgess amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds by EPA to hire or pay the salary of any officer or employee of EPA under the Public Health Service Act who is not already receiving pay under that Act on the date of enactment of this Act;
     Pages H4851–52 
Rokita amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to enforce the Endangered Species Act with respect to the Clubshell, Fanshell, Rabbitsfoot, Rayed Bean, Sheepnose or Snuffbox mussels;
                  Pages H4853–54 
Graves (LA) amendment that prohibits the use of 
funds in contravention of 33 United States Code 1319 with respect to a permit issued or required to be issued to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers pur-suant to 33 United States Code 1344 for discharges 
of dredged or fill material impacting wetlands; and 
                                                                                            Page H4855 
Perry amendment that prohibits the use of funds 
on an unmanned aircraft system or to operate any such system owned by the Department of Interior for the performance of surveying, mapping, or col-lecting remote sensing data.
                        Pages H4855–56 
Rejected: 
Grijalva amendment that sought to strike section 
416, which reports on the use of climate change funds;
                                                                               Page H4790 
Lawrence amendment (No. 12 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 24, 2015) that sought to strike section 422, pertaining to the definition of waters under the jurisdiction of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act;
                                    Pages H4791–92 
Beyer amendment that sought to strike section 
429, pertaining to the definition of fill material; 
                                                                                            Page H4795 
Yoho amendment that sought to remove the re-
quirement that 85 percent of nonattainment counties must achieve full compliance with the ozone stand-
ard before the limitation on funds in section 438 can take effect (agreed by unanimous consent to with-draw the earlier request for a recorded vote to the end that the amendment stand disposed of in accord-ance with the previous voice vote thereon); 
                                                                      Pages H4798–99, H4821 
Lowenthal amendment that sought to remove the 
primary designation as one of the ambient air qual-ity standards for ozone subject to the limitation in section 438;
                                                          Pages H4800–01 
Peters amendment that sought to prohibit the use 
of funds to be used to enforce section 435 of this Act;
                                                                                   Page H4819 
Garamendi amendment (No. 23 printed in the 
Congressional Record of June 25, 2015) that sought to prohibit the use of funds in the bill to transfer funds made available by the bill for fire preparedness activities to the Wildland Fire Management appro-priation for fire suppression activities; and 
                                                                                    Pages H4830–31 
Murphy (FL) amendment that sought to prohibit 
the use of funds to carry out seismic airgun testing or surveys off the coast of Florida.
            Pages H4841–42 
Withdrawn: 
Cartwright amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have provided that only the funds made available by the bill may be subject to the prohibition on hydraulic fracturing contained in section 439;
                                      Page H4801 
Lowenthal amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have prohibited the use of funds to issue any new Federal oil or gas lease 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:39 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D07JY5.REC D07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D782 July 7, 2015 
and drilling permit to any person that does not com-
mit to following Department of Commerce regula-tions regarding the requirement of obtaining a li-cense for exporting crude oil;
                      Pages H4820–21 
Norcross amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have increased fund-ing for Superfund sites by $22,884,840;
      Page H4825 
Rice (SC) amendment that was offered and subse-
quently withdrawn that would have prohibited the use of funds to issue any oil and gas lease under the 2017–2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program unless the Secretary of the Interior has entered into revenue sharing agreement with each affected State; and
                                          Page H4830 
Fitzpatrick amendment that was offered and sub-
sequently withdrawn that would have increased funding for the Forest Legacy Program by $5,985,000.
                                                          Pages H4844–45 
Point of Order sustained against: Speier amendment that sought to prohibit the use 
of funds to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule following the Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement for the Dog Management Plan, Golden Gate National Recreation Area; and 
                                                                                    Pages H4829–30 
Garamendi amendment that sought to prohibit 
the use of funds made available for California drought response or relief in contravention of imple-mentation of the California Water Code.
      Page H4853 
Proceedings Postponed: Grijalva amendment that seeks to strike section 
423, relating to stream buffers;
                 Pages H4792–93 
Tsongas amendment that seeks to strike section 
425, relating to the limitation on the use of funds for National Ocean Policy;
                           Pages H4793–94 
Grijalva amendment that seeks to strike section 
433, relating to the availability of vacant grazing al-lotments;
                                                                Pages H4795–96 
Polis amendment that seeks to strike section 437, 
relating to the use of funds for the social cost of car-bon;
                                                                          Pages H4797–98 
Edwards amendment that seeks to strike section 
438, which provides for a limitation on the use of funds regarding ozone standards;
        Pages H4799–H4800 
Lawrence amendment (No. 12 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 24, 2015) that seeks to strike section 439, which provides for prohibitions regarding hydraulic fracturing;
                  Pages H4801–03 
Polis amendment that seeks to prohibit the use of 
funds in contravention of Public Law 94–579; 
                                                                                    Pages H4805–06 
Tsongas amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to implement or enforce sections 117, relat-ing to Sage-Grouse, section 121 relating to reissuance of rules (wolves), and section 122 relating to the Northern Long Eared Bat;
              Pages H4807–08 Grijalva amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to implement or enforce section 120, with respect to ivory;
                                                  Pages H4709–10 
Beyer amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds in contravention of Executive Orders re-garding climate change;
                                 Pages H4712–13 
Blackburn amendment (No. 6 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 24, 2015) that seeks to re-duce funds by 1 percent across-the-board; 
                                                                                    Pages H4813–14 
Pearce amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to increase the rate of any royalty required to be paid to the United States for oil and gas pro-duced on Federal land, or to prepare or publish a proposed rule relating to such an increase; 
                                                                                    Pages H4816–18 
Hardy amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to make a Presidential declaration by public proclamation of a national monument under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code in the counties of Mohave and Cococino in the State of Arizona, in the counties of Modoc and Siskiyou in the State of California, in the counties of Chaffee, Moffat, and Park in the State of Colorado, in the counties of Lin-coln, Clark, and Nye in the State of Nevada, in the county of Otero in the State of New Mexico, in the counties of Jackson, Josephine and Malheur in the State of Oregon, or in the counties of Wayne, Gar-field, and Kane in the State of Utah;
      Pages H4821–22 
Zinke amendment (No. 39 printed in the Con-
gressional Record of June 25, 2015) that seeks to prohibit the use of funds to implement, finalize, or enforce subparts F and J of part 1206 of the pro-posed rule by the Department of the Interior called ‘‘Consolidated Federal Oil & Gas and Federal & In-dian Coal Valuation Reform’’ dated January 6, 2015; 
                                                                                    Pages H4824–25 
Garamendi amendment that seeks to prohibit the 
use of funds in contravention of Executive Order 13693;
                                                                     Pages H4826–27 
Newhouse amendment that seeks to prohibit the 
use of funds by the Department of Interior or the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to treat any gray wolf in Washington, Oregon, or Utah as an en-dangered species or threatened species under the En-dangered Species Act of 1973;
                   Pages H4833–34 
Rouzer amendment that seeks to prohibit use of 
funds to implement, administer, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Standards of Performance for New Residen-tial Wood Heaters, New Residential Hydronic Heat-ers and Forced-Air Furnaces’’ published in the Fed-eral Register by the EPA;
                             Pages H4842–43 
Hudson amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to remove oil and gas lease sale 260 from the Draft Proposed OCS Oil and Gas Leasing Pro-gram;
                                                                       Pages H4843–44 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:39 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D07JY5.REC D07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D783 July 7, 2015 
Goodlatte amendment that seeks to prohibit the 
use of funds by the EPA to take any actions de-scribed as a ‘‘backstop’’ in the Dec. 29, 2009 letter from EPA’s Regional Administrator to the States in the Watershed and the District of Columbia in re-sponse to the development or implementation of a State’s watershed implementation and referred to in enclosure B of such letter;
                            Pages H4848–50 
Westmoreland amendment that seeks to prohibit 
the use of funds to pay legal fees pursuant to a set-tlement in any case, in which the Federal Govern-ment is a party, that arises under the Clean Air Act, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act or the En-dangered Species Act; and
                            Pages H4852–53 
LaMalfa amendment that seeks to prohibit the use 
of funds to pay attorney fees in a civil suit under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 pursuant to a court order that states such fees were calculated at an hourly rate in excess of $125 per hour. 
                                                                                    Pages H4854–55 
H. Res. 333, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 2822) and (H.R. 2042) was agreed to on June 24th 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2016: The House agreed to the Thornberry 
motion to close portions of the conference on the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, at such times as classified national security information may be broached, by a yea-and-nay vote of 402 yeas to 12 nays, Roll No. 390.
                            Pages H4814–15 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4814–19 and H4815–16. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 1:02 a.m. on Wednesday, July 8, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
ASSURING NATIONAL SECURITY SPACE: INVESTING IN AMERICAN INDUSTRY TO END RELIANCE ON RUSSIAN ROCKET ENGINES 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces held a hearing on June 26, 2015, enti-tled ‘‘Assuring National Security Space: Investing in American Industry to End Reliance on Russian Rocket Engines’’. Testimony was heard from Katrina G. McFarland, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Department of Defense; General John E. Hyten, USAF, Commander, Air Force Space Com-mand; Lieutenant General Samuel A. Greaves, 
USAF, Commander, Air Force Space and Missile Sys-tems Center; and public witnesses. 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT; RESILIENT 
FEDERAL FORESTS ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 5, the ‘‘Student Success Act’’ [meeting II]; and H.R. 2647, the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a rule that provides for further consideration of H.R. 5 under a structured rule. The rule makes in order pursuant to H. Res. 125 the further amend-ments to H.R. 5 printed in part A of the Rules Committee Report. The rule also grants a structured rule for H.R. 2647. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided among and controlled by the chairs and ranking minority members of the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on Natural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–21, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the Rules Committee report, and pro-vides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part C of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part C of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. Testimony was heard from Chair-man Bishop of Utah, and Representatives Thompson of Pennsylvania, Westerman, Polis, Huelskamp, Walker, and Buck. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D724) 
H.R. 2146, to amend the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:39 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D07JY5.REC D07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D784 July 7, 2015 
firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make pen-
alty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50. Signed on June 29, 2015. (Public Law 
114–26) 
H.R. 1295, to extend the African Growth and 
Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Pref-erences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti. Signed on June 29, 2015. (Public Law 114–27) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JULY 8, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine the role of the Financial Sta-bility Board in the United States regulatory framework, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-
ings to examine the President’s international climate agenda and implications for domestic environmental pol-icy, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-
ing on Department of Defense maritime activities and en-gagement in the South China Sea, 5 p.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine stopping an avian influenza threat to animal and public health, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold an oversight hear-
ing to examine a path forward, focusing on trust mod-ernization and reform for Indian lands, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
going dark, focusing on encryption, technology, and the balance between public safety and privacy, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold hear-
ings to examine cyber crime, focusing on modernizing our legal framework for the information age, 2:15 p.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-
ine counterterrorism, counterintelligence, and the chal-lenges of ‘‘Going Dark’’, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Energy and the Rural Economy: the Economic Im-pact of Exporting Crude Oil’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on 
Agriculture Appropriations Bill for FY 2016; and Re-vised Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2016, 10:15 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Inter-net Governance Progress After ICANN 53’’, 10 a.m., 
2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Medicaid 
at 50: Strengthening and Sustaining the Program’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Finan-
cial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Designation and Regulation of Bank Holding Company SIFIs’’, 1 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Asia and 
the Pacific; and Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Review-ing the U.S.-China Civil Nuclear Cooperation Agree-ment’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Management Efficiency, hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-amining DHS’s Misplaced Focus on Climate Change’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 2329, the ‘‘Ensuring Access to Justice for Claims Against the United States Act’’; and H.R. 2604, the ‘‘Need-Based Educational Aid Act of 2015’’, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy 
and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘The Helium Stewardship Act and the Path Forward’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 487, to allow the 
Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands; H.R. 959, the ‘‘Medgar Evers House Study Act’’; H.R. 1554, the ‘‘Elkhorn Ranch and White River Na-tional Forest Conveyance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1937, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1949, the ‘‘The National Liberty Memo-rial Clarification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2223, the ‘‘Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2791, the ‘‘Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act’’; H.R. 2898, the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015’’; S. 501, the ‘‘New Mexico Water Settlement Tech-nical Corrections Act’’; and H.R. 1138, the ‘‘Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness Ad-ditions Act’’, 4 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 6, 
the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Research and Technology; and Subcommittee on Over-sight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Is the OPM Data Breach the Tip of the Iceberg?’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Calm Before the Storm: Oversight of the SBA’s Disaster Loan Program’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of VA’s Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Program’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:39 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D07JY5.REC D07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D785 July 7, 2015 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of July 8 through July 10, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Wednesday , Senate will continue consideration 
of S. 1177, Every Child Achieves Act. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: July 9, business meeting to 
markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Armed Services: July 9, to hold hearings to 
examine the nomination of General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, to be Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: July 
8, to hold hearings to examine the role of the Financial Stability Board in the United States regulatory frame-work, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: July 8, to 
hold hearings to examine the President’s international cli-mate agenda and implications for domestic environmental policy, 10 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: July 8, to receive a closed 
briefing on Department of Defense maritime activities and engagement in the South China Sea, 5 p.m., SVC–217. 
July 9, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the nominations of Michele Thoren Bond, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Con-sular Affairs), and Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be Representative on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Representative to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Na-tions, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
July 8, to hold hearings to examine stopping an avian in-fluenza threat to animal and public health, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
July 9, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
understanding America’s long-term fiscal picture, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: July 8, to hold an oversight 
hearing to examine a path forward, focusing on trust modernization and reform for Indian lands, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: July 8, to hold hearings to 
examine going dark, focusing on encryption, technology, and the balance between public safety and privacy, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
July 8, Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism, to hold 
hearings to examine cyber crime, focusing on modern-izing our legal framework for the information age, 2:15 p.m., SD–226. July 9, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
S. 1482, to improve and reauthorize provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need- based educational aid, S. 1300, to amend the section 221 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide relief for adoptive families from immigrant visa fees in certain situations, and the nominations of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Travis Randall McDonough, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Ten-nessee, and Waverly D. Crenshaw, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Ten-nessee, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: July 8, to hold hearings 
to examine counterterrorism, counterintelligence, and the challenges of ‘‘Going Dark’’, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, July 9, Subcommittee on Live-
stock and Foreign Agriculture, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. International Food Aid Programs: Oversight and Ac-countability’’, 9:30 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations, July 9, Subcommittee on 
Homeland Security, markup on Homeland Security Ap-propriations Bill, FY 2016, 10 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, July 9, Subcommittee 
on Energy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. 702, Legis-lation to Prohibit Restrictions on the Export of Crude Oil’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
July 10, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, 
and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘H.R. 985, Concrete Masonry Products Research, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, July 9, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Dodd-Frank Act Five Years Later: Are We More Stable?’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
July 10, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Oversight of HUD’s Public and Indian Housing Pro-grams’’, 9:45 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, July 9, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Implications of a Nuclear Agreement with Iran’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
July 9, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North 
Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘The Gulf Cooperation Council Camp David Summit: Any Results?’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Ray-burn. 
July 9, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Africa’s Displaced People’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Ray-burn. 
Committee on the Judiciary, July 9, Subcommittee on 
Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hear-ing on the ‘‘Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
July 9, Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil 
Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Property Rights in America Ten Years After Kelo v. City of New London’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:39 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D07JY5.REC D07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D786 July 7, 2015 
Committee on Natural Resources, July 9, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 487, to allow the Miami Tribe of Okla-homa to lease or transfer certain lands; H.R. 959, the ‘‘Medgar Evers House Study Act’’; H.R. 1554, the ‘‘Elk-horn Ranch and White River National Forest Conveyance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1937, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1949, the ‘‘National Liberty Memorial Clarification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2223, the ‘‘Crags, Colorado Land Exchange Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2791, the ‘‘Western Oregon Tribal Fairness Act’’; H.R. 2898, the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015’’; S. 501, the ‘‘New Mexico Water Settlement Technical Corrections Act’’; and H.R. 1138, the ‘‘Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness Additions Act’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, July 9, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Construction Costs and Delays at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, July 9, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining EPA’s Regu-latory Overreach’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. July 10, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘The 
International Space Station: Addressing Operational Chal-lenges’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, July 9, Subcommittee on 
Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, markup on H.R. 2214, the ‘‘Disabled Veterans’ Access to Medical 
Exams Improvement Act’’; H.R. 800, the ‘‘Express Ap-peals Act’’; H.R. 1379, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Board of Veterans’ Appeals to de-velop evidence in appeal cases, and for other purposes; H.R. 1380, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ex-pand the eligibility for a medallion furnished by the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to signify the veteran status of a deceased individual; H.R. 2605, the ‘‘Veterans Fidu-ciary Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1302, the ‘‘VA Appeals Backlog Relief Act’’; H.R. 1338, the ‘‘Dignified Inter-ment of Our Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1384, the ‘‘Honor America’s Guard-Reserve Retirees Act’’; and H.R. 2691, the ‘‘Veterans’ Survivors Claims Processing Automation Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, July 9, Full Committee, 
hearing on promoting work opportunities for Social Secu-rity Disability Insurance beneficiaries, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:39 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D07JY5.REC D07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D787 July 7, 2015 
Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re ´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. 
The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY 
January 6 through June 30, 2015 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 93 88 . . 
Time in session ................................... 601 hrs, 49 ′ 430 hrs, 43 ′ ..  
Congressional Record: 
Pages of proceedings ................... 4,657 4,776 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 995 . . 
Public bills enacted into law ............... 6 21 27 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 2 2 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 203 268 471 
Senate bills .................................. 30 7 . . House bills .................................. 27 166 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 1 . . House joint resolutions ............... 1 2 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 7 5 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 12 14 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 125 73 . . 
Measures reported, total ...................... * 127 * 185 312 
Senate bills .................................. 87 2 . . House bills .................................. 15 142 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 1 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 24 37 . . 
Special reports ..................................... 14 3 . . Conference reports ............................... 1 1 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 95 41 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 1,946 3,409 5,355 
Bills ............................................. 1,694 2,946 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 17 58 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 19 59 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 216 346 . . 
Quorum calls ....................................... 5 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 220 161 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 227 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... 2 . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS 
January 6 through June 30, 2015 
Civilian nominations, totaling 225, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 50 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 171 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 4 
Other Civilian nominations, totaling 2,042, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,834 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 207 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 
Air Force nominations, totaling 4,744, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,134 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1,610 
Army nominations, totaling 380, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 341 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 39 
Navy nominations, totaling 1,593, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,581 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 12 
Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,060, disposed of as follows: 
Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,058 
Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 2 
Summary 
Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 
Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 10,044 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 7,998 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 2,041 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 5 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:39 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D07JY5.REC D07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD788 July 7, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Wednesday, July 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of S. 1177, Every Child Achieves Act. 
(Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their 
respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, July 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Continue consideration of 
H.R. 2822—Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016. Consid-eration of H.R. 5—Elementary and Secondary Education Reauthorization Act (Subject to a Rule). Motion to Go to Conference on H.R. 644—Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue. 
HOUSE 
Brownley, Julia, Calif., E998 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1001, E1002 Cicilline, David N., R.I., E1001 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E1011 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1009 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1008 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1004, E1010 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E1005, E1011 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1004 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1003, E1006, E1009 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1009 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E997, E999 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E1007 Hurt, Robert, Va., E1012 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E999 
Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1002, E1004, E1007, E1009, 
E1010 
Jeffries, Hakeem S., N.Y., E1001 Keating, William R., Mass., E997, E1000, E1001 Kline, John, Minn., E1002 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1006 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E998 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1003 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1008 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1011 Murphy, Patrick, Fla., E1004 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1010 
Pingree, Chellie, Me., E1003, E1010 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E1003 
Price, Tom, Ga., E1007 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1005, E1011 Rooney, Thomas J., Fla., E998 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1009 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E999 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E999 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1008 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1006 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E997, E998 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1005 
Young, David, Iowa, E1002, E1005, E1007, E1008, E1010, 
E1011 
Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E1012 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:39 Mar 04, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\D07JY5.REC D07JY5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE