Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2699 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2015 No. 69 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, May 8, 2015, at 11 a.m. 
Senate 
THURSDAY , MAY7, 2015 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Honorable D EAN 
HELLER , a Senator from the State of 
Nevada. 
f 
PRAYER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Today’s 
opening prayer will be offered by His Holiness Aram I, Catholicos of the Great House of Cilicia, Armenian Apos-tolic Church in America, from New York, NY. 
The guest Chaplain offered the fol-
lowing prayer: 
In the Name of the Father, the Son, 
and the Holy Spirit. Amen. 
Almighty God, we ask You to guide 
our reflection, our action, and all our endeavors, and we ask Your guidance, especially in the deliberations and de-cisions of this noble body because strong, wise, and visionary leadership is essential for the well-being of na-tions. 
This year is the centenary of the Ar-
menian genocide—the first genocide of the many that followed in the 20th cen-tury. In commemorating 1
1⁄2million 
Armenian martyrs, we claim justice. Indeed, justice is a gift of God, and vio-lation of justice is a sin against God. 
We beseech You, O Lord, to bless the 
United States of America and its peo-ple. Empower them to continue serving humanity through Your goodness, as they did when they sheltered the rem-nants of the Armenian nation and all those who sought freedom and justice. 
O Lord, give Your children wisdom, 
love, and compassion so that they may live and prosper with the gifts of Your Spirit: justice, truth, freedom, and 
righteousness. 
May Your Name be praised forever 
and ever. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The Presiding Officer led the Pledge 
of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
The legislative clerk read the fol-
lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , 
Washington, DC, May 7, 2015. 
To the Senate: 
Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable D
EANHELLER , a Sen-
ator from the State of Nevada, to perform the duties of the Chair. 
O
RRIN G. H ATCH , 
President pro tempore. 
Mr. HELLER thereupon assumed the 
Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to H.R. 1314. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will report the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 58, H.R. 
1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The cloture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 1314, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for the right to an administrative appeal re-lating to adverse determinations of tax-ex-empt status of certain organizations. 
Mitch McConnell, Bob Corker, Joni 
Ernst, Bill Cassidy, John Cornyn, Thad Cochran, Shelley Moore Capito, Deb Fischer, John McCain, James Lankford, Patrick J. Toomey, Roy Blunt, Ron Johnson, Pat Roberts, David Perdue, David Vitter, Ben Sasse. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Senator from Rhode Island. 
WELCOMING THE GUEST CHAPLAIN  
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am hon-
ored to be here today to welcome His 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.000 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2700 May 7, 2015 
Holiness Aram I, Catholicos of the 
Great House of Cilicia. 
Since 1995, His Holiness has served as 
the leader of Armenian communities across the globe, including many mem-bers of the Armenian diaspora in my State of Rhode Island. 
His Holiness will be visiting Sts. 
Vartanantz Armenian Apostolic Church in Providence on May 30, and members of the Armenian community in Rhode Island look forward to wel-coming him. 
He is an accomplished scholar, a de-
voted humanitarian, and a strong spir-itual shepherd. 
Recently, we marked the 100th anni-
versary of the Armenian Genocide, which claimed the lives of nearly one and a half million Armenians, exiled over a half a million survivors, and deeply impacted all Armenians throughout the world. 
On this centennial, we reflect on this 
exceptionally grave tragedy, and look-ing to the future, continue to work to promote both peace and human rights worldwide. 
And there is no one better to help us 
do so. 
It is indeed an honor to welcome His 
Holiness, to hear his words of prayer and reflection, and to go forward know-ing that he is a powerful force for tol-erance and decency. I thank him for being here today and for sharing his words of wisdom with the Senate and the Nation. 
I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The majority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, it is 
good to see the Senate—— 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, if I could 
ask the distinguished majority leader if he would be willing to go into a quorum call for a brief conversation. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW ACT AND BI -
PARTISAN CONGRESSIONAL TRADE PRIORITIES  
AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, it is 
good to see that the Senate will soon be passing another important piece of bipartisan legislation. 
The Iran Nuclear Agreement Review 
Act offers the best chance for our con-stituents, through the Congress they elect, to weigh in on the White House’s negotiations with Iran. And make no mistake—they need to have that oppor-tunity. 
The American people were led to be-
lieve these negotiations would be about ending Iran’s nuclear program and— and—its enrichment capabilities. But the current interim agreement makes one thing very clear: These talks have devolved into something else alto-
gether. Instead of ending Iran’s nuclear program, the interim agreement would actually bestow international blessing for Iran to continue it. Rather than meaningfully roll back Tehran’s en-richment capability and dismantle its nuclear infrastructure, the interim agreement would actually permit Iran to become a nuclear threshold state poised right at the edge of obtaining a nuclear weapon. 
Iran would love nothing more than 
for the international community to recognize its threshold program. The Iranian regime would also love to be rid of the crippling sanctions that forced it to the table in the first place. Iran would, of course, divert those new funds to support the Assad regime, fi-nance terrorist proxies such as Hezbollah, modernize its conventional capabilities, and further support the Houthis in Yemen. This would only re-affirm the fears of moderate Sunni al-lies that America is withdrawing— withdrawing—in the face of Iran’s de-termined effort to expand its sphere of influence. 
For all this, what would the United 
States gain from such an agreement from Iran? We would have given up our best leverage over the regime. And for what? That is a very good question—a very good question. 
If a final agreement is reached that 
looks much like the interim agreement we have seen, it is not hard to perceive the possibilities of negative con-sequences. But let me be clear. A bad agreement seems far more likely to eventually lead to the kind of military conflict everyone wants to avoid than no agreement at all. President Obama would also be leaving the task of deal-ing with violations of an agreement to his successor. 
I say all this to underline the need 
for the bipartisan Iran Nuclear Agree-ment Review Act which is before us today. 
If we didn’t face the threats of fili-
busters or the blocking of amendments or the specter of Presidential vetoes, this bill would be a heck of a lot stronger, I assure you. But the truth is, we face all those things. We do. That is the frustrating reality. The response to this should not be to give the American people no say at all on a deal with Iran; the response should be to overcome these challenges in a way that will give Congress and the American people the best possible chance to review any pos-sible deal and affect its outcome. 
So I would urge Members of both of 
our parties here in the Senate to join me in supporting this bill. And make no mistake—that will not be the end of the story, either. This Congress is de-termined to pursue other avenues to address Iran’s aggressive campaign of expansion and intimidation in the months to come. 
On the topic of aggressive campaigns 
in pursuit of expansion and intimida-tion, there are several other countries around the world that come to mind— China, for one. China is determined to 
dominate its neighbors. China wants to diminish American influence in the Pa-cific. And China wants to substitute American-style rules of global eco-nomic fair play for Chinese-style rules of monopolistic cartels and mer-cantilism. That is not an outcome any American should be willing to accept. 
We are a Pacific nation. We have im-
portant allies in the region—nations such as Japan, Australia, South Korea, and New Zealand—that are today just as much of a modern, democratic, and market-oriented West as we are. 
The 21st century also promises to be 
an Asia-Pacific century. If we care about preserving and extending Amer-ican leadership globally, then we can-not cede the most dynamic region in the world to China. One way to pre-serve our leadership would be to invest in the weapons systems and platforms that would fulfill the Obama adminis-tration’s would-be pivot to Asia. An-other important way would be to dem-onstrate our economic leadership. That is just one more reason why passing the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act is so important. 
The United States is currently nego-
tiating an agreement with a whole host of Pacific nations—not just Japan and Australia but also countries such as Canada and Chile—that would cement and enhance our role in the world’s fastest growing region. The so-called Trans-Pacific Partnership would lower unfair trade barriers to American-made goods and American produce sold in the Pacific. That would represent a huge win for American workers and American farmers, to say nothing of the far-reaching geopolitical implica-tions for our country. But our trade ne-gotiators cannot bring this Pacific agreement back to Congress for careful review and deliberation unless Con-gress assures our trading partners that the agreement is going to get a fair up- or-down vote. That is just what the Bi-partisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act would do. 
This bipartisan bill would also force 
America’s trade negotiators to meet congressional objectives and consult with Congress regularly throughout the process. It would ensure that an agreement such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership could not be enacted with-out explicit congressional approval. 
It is a commonsense bill that was 
supported by a large number of Repub-licans and Democrats in committee, passing by a vote of 20 to 6. So there is no reason we shouldn’t turn to this bill and then pass it. 
The other countries in the region 
have made clear that they will have re-gional trade agreements with or with-out us, whether we participate or not. And if we walk away, China will step right in, no question about that. 
So we will soon turn to the Bipar-
tisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act, and when we do, we will have a choice to make: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.001 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2701 May 7, 2015 
Would we rather seen Chinese workers 
and Chinese farmers or American workers and American farmers reap the economic benefits of selling more to this dynamic region? 
TRIBUTE TO DON RITCHIE  
Mr. President, on one final matter, I 
would like to bid a fond farewell to one of the smartest guys around here, Don Ritchie, who will be leaving us later this month. He has been the Senate’s Historian since 2009. Don is only the second one we have ever had. His im-mediate and only predecessor, Richard Baker, hired him when the Senate His-torical Office came into being in the mid-1970s. There were a lot of appli-cants to be Baker’s No. 2 back then, but Don quickly rose to the top of the heap. Baker said he received ‘‘several extremely heartfelt letters’’ of rec-ommendation for Don that were just literally ‘‘over the top.’’ One, he said, was from ‘‘a leading diplomatic histo-rian . . . who said that in his whole 30- odd years of teaching he had never en-countered a more perceptive or diligent . . . [or] brighter student than Don.’’ 
‘‘No more superlatives,’’ he said, 
‘‘could have been used.’’ Apparently, no more superlatives were needed because Don Ritchie got the job, and, so it is clear, he hasn’t disappointed, even though he did have to wait three dec-ades for the big promotion. 
Don came into the Senate with all 
the hype of New Coke, but his perform-ance and staying power have had more of a Coke Classic feel. Don likes to say he has ‘‘a front-row seat to the best show in town.’’ 
Don is the only one we turn to when 
we want to learn more about where the Senate has been so we can chart a bet-ter course for where it is going. He has been a great resource for my staff and me over the years. Don’s office is there as a resource for the American public, too. He is the guy you see on TV ex-plaining the historical significance of events such as swearing-in ceremonies and inaugurations. 
I don’t think any of us would want to 
face him on ‘‘Jeopardy.’’ His depth of knowledge really is something to be-hold. I am sure he has gained a lot of that knowledge from the part of his job he loves the most, which is conducting the Senate Historical Office’s Oral His-tory Project. He has interviewed just about everyone you could imagine, from Senators, to clerks, to police offi-cers. He even got to interview a man who once worked as a congressional page—listen to this—during the Presi-dency of William Howard Taft. That page provided ‘‘some very good infor-mation,’’ Don said, even if he kept ‘‘falling asleep several times during the interview.’’ 
Here is how Roll Call once described 
Don Ritchie: the Senate’s ‘‘memory keeper.’’ 
It is fitting, then, that the Senate 
voted recently to designate Don Ritch-ie as Historian emeritus. It is not as though he plans to slow down in retire-ment, anyway. ‘‘Historians never re-tire,’’ Don says, ‘‘they just have more 
time to research.’’ 
Along with research, Don also plans 
to spend more time with his three be-loved grandchildren and to do some traveling with his wife Anne. The Sen-ate wishes him the very best in retire-ment and sends its heartfelt congratu-lations to a man who has been an insti-tution around here for four decades— four decades. 
The Senate would also like to offer 
its congratulations to Betty Koed, who has just been announced by the Sec-retary of the Senate as our next Senate Historian. We also wish Kate Scott well in her promotion to Associate His-torian. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-
pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
TRIBUTE TO DON RITCHIE  
Mr. REID. Mr. President, three dec-
ades ago, when Senator Robert Byrd began drafting a series of lectures on the history of the United States Sen-ate, to whom did he go for help? Don Ritchie. Ten years ago, when Dan Brown, the popular author of the best- selling ‘‘DaVinci Code,’’ wanted infor-mation about the Capitol for his new novel, to whom did he go? Don Ritchie. Even now, when famed historian and biographer Robert Caro needs facts for his five-volume work on Lyndon John-son, he goes to Don Ritchie. Well, for 39 years, any person needing valuable in-sight into the United States Senate and its history has known where to go—the Senate Historian, Don Ritchie. And Don has obliged, sharing his wealth of knowledge with anyone who asked—Senators, staff, authors, histo-rians, and visitors. 
But after four decades of service, Don 
will officially retire from the Senate Historical Office at the end of this month. 
As the senior Senator from Kentucky 
stated, from his first day here in the Senate, Don Ritchie made this institu-tion a better place. The first-ever Sen-ate Historian, Don’s predecessor, Rich-ard Baker, once said, ‘‘March 8, 1976— that’s a date, like my wedding anniver-sary, that I remember.’’ Indeed, that was the day Don Ritchie was hired as an Associate Historian in the newly formed Senate Historical Office. 
Don Ritchie, a former marine, was 
fresh out of graduate school at the Uni-versity of Maryland, having received his Ph.D. in history just a year earlier. He was getting his start in the profes-sion, driving all over the DC area, teaching at George Mason, Northern Virginia Community College, and Uni-versity College. He was also working part time with the American Historical Association. When offered a job in the Senate Historical Office, he jumped at the chance. The rest is, as they say, history. 
Don has served honorably as Senate 
Historian. Prior to that, he worked as Associate Senate Historian for 33 years. Over the combined 40 years of service, Don has authored 12 books, 3 
textbooks, and a fourth is now on the way. He has lectured on Senate history at just about every major historical so-ciety in America. He has become a fix-ture on C–SPAN. But his crowning achievement would be his development of the Senate Oral History Project. Don has recorded countless interviews with people who worked in the Senate, from Parliamentarians, to clerks, to pages. Future generations of historians will better understand the Senate of the 20th and 21st centuries because of Don Ritchie’s Oral History Project. That is an accomplishment which will stand forever. 
On a more personal note, I have so 
appreciated Don’s insight and exper-tise. Every week, I begin my caucus by calling on the Senate Historian, and he talks to us about so many fascinating things, things we do not ordinarily know about, but they are all inter-esting, whether it is Prohibition, whether it is events that took place in the first or second Roosevelt adminis-tration—it does not matter what it is. These are times I look forward to, and, quite frankly, it shuts up my caucus. When he shows up, they are suddenly attentive. I would like to think they are not more attentive to him than to me, but I would think that is the case. As I said, our lunches can be fairly boisterous, and they stop all conversa-tion to listen to Don Ritchie. That is because so often Senators walk away from his lectures with a better under-standing and appreciation of the Sen-ate. 
He has been invaluable to me and 
every other Senate Democrat. As we heard from the majority leader, he also has been very good for the Republicans. 
As he prepares for a new chapter in 
his life, I wish him the very best. It is good news that he and his wife Anne will be jumping into retirement to-gether. As we have heard, for histo-rians, retirement only means more time to pore through books and find out what someone else missed and try to take another run at writing some-thing that is interesting. 
After a successful career as an archi-
vist and historian, his wife Anne is re-tiring from the National Gallery of Art. Together, Anne and Don will have plenty of time to spend with their two daughters, Jennifer and Andrea, and their three grandchildren, Cami, Jack, and Boone. 
Even in retirement, Don will con-
tinue reading and researching about this institution he and I love so dear-ly—the Senate. After all, as Don him-self points out, ‘‘Historians don’t re-tire’’—as Senator M
CCONNELL said— 
‘‘they just get more time to research.’’ 
Thank you, Don Ritchie, for your 
four decades of service to the Senate and your country. You really will be missed. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.002 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2702 May 7, 2015 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
Mr. REID. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, may I ask 
the minority leader if it would be pos-sible to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate is in a quorum call. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. REID. Through the Chair, I ask 
my friend from Indiana how long the Senator wishes to speak as in morning business. 
Mr. COATS. No more than 10 min-
utes. 
Mr. REID. I do not care. I would just 
like to know. That is fine. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
Senator from Indiana be recognized for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COATS. I thank the minority 
leader for this opportunity. 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW ACT  
Mr. President, recently on this floor, 
I spoke about the need to pass the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act with robust, veto-proof, bipartisan majori-ties. That is asking a lot, but I did so because this is the only chance we have to prevent President Obama from hav-ing a free and totally independent hand to conclude a flawed agreement with the Government of Iran. We cannot allow that to happen. 
This Congress has pleaded for and 
worked for and will achieve the oppor-tunity to play a major role in this deci-sion, which is a decision of historic consequence. 
Let me repeat what I just said. This 
bill is the only chance we have now to prevent President Obama from having a completely free hand, with no oppor-tunity to address it in a bipartisan way, to achieve success in rejecting a bad agreement. 
Passage of the bill before us will re-
sult in either forcing critical and abso-lutely necessary improvements in the deal now being cooked with our Sec-retary of State and the President and his people or defeating a bad deal if a bad deal is presented to us. 
The stakes in this game are beyond 
calculation. I personally regard this as the most consequential issue of my en-tire public career. Our failure to have an opportunity to have this Congress— the representatives of the American people—bring before the American peo-ple what is in this deal and the con-sequences if this deal is not a good deal that will prevent Iran from having nu-clear weapons capability—this is abso-lutely essential. The only chance we have to exercise our constitutional right, which I believe, but our right to 
address something of this consequence is to pass the Corker-Cardin bill. 
It is not the perfect bill. It is not the 
bill that I think perhaps even Senator C
ORKER would have preferred. But it is 
where we are. The only way we could get here and get bipartisan support for this was to do this. 
This gives us the opportunity to do 
the following: A Congressional review period will be provided before imple-mentation. An opportunity for Con-gress to vote on the agreement will be provided under Corker-Cardin. 
A limitation on the President’s use of 
waivers to suspend sanctions that have been put in place by this body will be taken away. A requirement that Con-gress receive the final deal will be lost. The requirement that the President certify that Iran is complying will be taken away. A mechanism for Congress to rapidly reimpose sanctions in the event of violations will be lost. Report-ing on Iran support for terrorism, bal-listic missile development, and human rights violations will be lost. All of this is lost if we do not stand together and insist on the right to engage in this. We must pass this or the defeat will be of historical consequence. 
This bill is the only chance, as I said, 
that Congress has to weigh in on a po-tential agreement. The stakes are too high. The consequence is too great to engage in changes. Many well-intended statements have been made by my col-leagues, and I endorse every word of what has been said. Amendments have been offered that, had they not been of-fered by someone else, in a different fashion, I would have wanted to offer. We can still offer those going forward. 
But in order to achieve the bipar-
tisan support necessary to deny the President the opportunity to have a free hand in cutting any deal he wants and the concessions already given—this should raise alarms in each of us in terms of support for this bill which is before us. 
What are the stakes? What are the 
consequences? Former Secretaries Kis-singer and Shultz and other foreign policy experts did a recent Wall Street Journal piece and said this: 
If the Middle East is ‘‘proliferated’’ and be-
comes host to a plethora of nuclear-thresh-old states, several in mortal rivalry with each other, on what concept of nuclear deter-rence or strategic stability will inter-national security be based? 
They continue: 
It is in America’s strategic interest to pre-
vent the outbreak of a nuclear war and its catastrophic consequences. Nuclear arms must not be permitted to turn into conven-tional weapons. The passions of the region allied with weapons of mass destruction may impel deepening American involvement. 
In closing, I want to address state-
ments offered by some who argue that passing this bill is unnecessary because in 2017 we will have a new President in the White House and that President will be a Republican. Well, I hope that is so, but there is obviously no guar-antee of that. But in the meantime—in the meantime—Iran will achieve a free 
hand to go forward with newly ac-quired wealth, the will to achieve and the technical capability to achieve nu-clear weapons capability. 
Let me conclude by supporting a 
statement that was made by Max Boot, a respected foreign policy analyst: 
Skeptics about the looming nuclear accord 
with Iran may be taking comfort from the promises of Republican presidential can-didates to tear up the treaty as soon as they reach the Oval Office. They shouldn’t be. Even assuming a Republican wins the White House next year— 
Which, as we know, is not a cer-
tainty. Hopefully, from our standpoint, we hope that is the case— 
pulling out of the agreement won’t nec-
essarily fix its defects. In fact, it could make the situation even worse. 
The U.S. would then get the worst of both 
worlds: Iran already would have been en-riched by hundreds of billions of dollars of sanctions relief—and it would be well on its way to fielding nuclear weapons with de facto permission from the international community. To avoid this nightmare sce-nario, the best play from America’s stand-point could well be to keep the accord in place to at least delay Iran’s decision to weaponize. 
In short, don’t expect salvation in 2017. If 
the accord is signed its consequences will be irrevocable. Whatever a future president does or does not do, Iran’s hard-line regime will be immeasurably strengthened by the agreement. That makes it all the more im-perative to stop a bad agreement now—not two years from now. 
I urge my colleagues, Democrats and 
Republicans, to vote to give Congress— this Congress—the right and the oppor-tunity to scrutinize every single word of what is being negotiated with the Iranians, to inform the American peo-ple, and then achieve what I would hope would be an overwhelming rejec-tion of the agreement if it does not achieve the goal of denying Iran its nu-clear weapons capability. This is a very important vote before us. I think we need to look at what the end goal is and how we can best get there under the circumstances which we now are in. We would all like to be in a dif-ferent position. But to achieve and get to this particular point, we are looking at this particular bill to give us a say— a meaningful say—and an opportunity to reject a bad agreement which at this particular point in time, in my view, does not achieve what we need to achieve and should be thoroughly scru-tinized by us and the American people. 
I yield the floor. 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
PROTECTING VOLUNTEER FIRE-
FIGHTERS AND EMERGENCY RE-SPONDERS ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1191, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.004 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2703 May 7, 2015 
A bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emer-gency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared re-sponsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Pending: 
Corker/Cardin amendment No. 1140, in the 
nature of a substitute. 
Corker/Cardin amendment No. 1179 (to 
amendment No. 1140), to require submission of all Persian text included in the agree-ment. 
Blunt amendment No. 1155 (to amendment 
No. 1140), to extend the requirement for an-nual Department of Defense reports on the military power of Iran. 
Vitter modified amendment No. 1186 (to 
amendment No. 1179), to require an assess-ment of inadequacies in the international monitoring and verification system as they relate to a nuclear agreement with Iran. 
Cotton amendment No. 1197 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 1140), of a perfecting nature. 
Cotton (for Rubio) amendment No. 1198 (to 
amendment No. 1197), to require a certifi-cation that Iran’s leaders have publically ac-cepted Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until the cloture vote will be equally divided in the usual form. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I will 
have to ask for a unanimous consent request on something in just a mo-ment, but I think they are still work-ing out some details. 
Before I move to that, I thank the 
Senator from Indiana. He has done so much to further this cause of us having a congressional review on whatever is negotiated with Iran. All of us want a good agreement, but we want to ensure that we play a role in ensuring that is the case. I cannot thank the Senator enough for his leadership on this issue and so many other issues that matter relative to our national interests around the world and the safety of our citizens. Again, I thank the Senator so much. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that notwithstanding rule XXII, the Senate vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the pending substitute amendment at 2 p.m. today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I fur-
ther ask unanimous consent that at 11 a.m., Senator L
ANKFORD be recognized 
to deliver his maiden speech and that the time from 11:30 a.m. until 12:50 p.m. be equally divided, with the majority controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the second half. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORKER. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
BALTIMORE AND CVS HEALTH  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, yester-
day, I took the floor to talk about the events in Baltimore over the last 10 days, 2 weeks, and I spoke about how Baltimore is coming together and rec-ognized that in order to move forward, there are two pillars we need to work on, and one of those is public safety and justice. I talked about some initia-tives we are looking at, including legis-lation that I filed that will eliminate profiling by police and how we need to deal with the restoration of voting rights and other issues that deal with accountability of police. 
I also talked about rebuilding and 
dealing with the core issues of our urban centers. I just want to supple-ment those remarks with a conversa-tion we had with CVS Health. I men-tion that because it was the CVS phar-macy that was destroyed a week ago Monday night in Baltimore. I think that was seen not only in this country but around the world. It was one of the major assets in a community that for too long a period of time did not have access to a pharmacy. It was tragic to see that it was destroyed during the events in Baltimore. 
I wish to bring to my colleagues’ at-
tention that CVS has spoken about that episode, and they have made a commitment to restore the two phar-macy locations, which will be rebuilt in the same communities in which they were destroyed. They are committed to return to the community as quickly as possible with those services which are critically important to those commu-nities. 
I just want to point that out that 
they have gone further than that. Pre-viously, I said we need the Federal Government’s help in rebuilding and dealing with the core problems, we need State and local governments, and we need the private sector to step up and help us. CVS has listened to that. 
First, one of the things they are 
doing is providing a $100,000 donation to the United Way of Central Mary-land’s Maryland Unites Fund and the Baltimore Community Foundation. These are funds that will be used to help rebuild Baltimore. 
This is a quote from the CVS release: 
These funds will help provide immediate 
and longer-term support to people in hard- hit areas and give those communities much- needed resources. 
I also wish to point out what CVS 
did, and I think this is very important. 
This is also a quote. 
To help minimize the financial impact of 
the store closing for its Baltimore employ-ees, CVS/pharmacy paid them their regularly scheduled hours the week of the protests, whether or not they were able to work. All displaced employees who want to work in other CVS/pharmacy locations will able to 
do so. 
To me, that is part of rebuilding and 
dealing with the problems in our com-munity; that those employees, through no fault of their own, could have been 
at a tremendous disadvantage and will get their full paychecks. They have a job to return to, and we are going to have those pharmacies relocated in the communities which desperately need that. That is the private sector helping us in rebuilding and dealing with the problems in our city. I just wanted my colleagues to know about the work of CVS Health. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
ISIL AND AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY  
FORCE  
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise 
today to commemorate an anniversary, as well as to challenge my colleagues in Congress. 
Today marks the completion of 9 
months of America’s war against ISIL. Tomorrow, May 8, starts the 10th month of this war. 
In the war on ISIL, here is what has 
happened so far. We have deployed thousands of troops far from home to support military operations in Iraq and Syria. A significant number of them are from Virginia, including the Roo-sevelt Carrier Strike Group based in Norfolk. 
We have conducted more than 3,000 
U.S. air strikes on ISIL from land bases in the region as well as from air-craft carriers. 
We have spent more than 2 billion 
American taxpayer dollars—and count-ing. 
We have lost the lives of American 
servicemembers and seen American hostages killed by ISIL in barbaric ways. 
And while we have seen some signifi-
cant progress on the battlefield in Iraq, we have also witnessed ISIL spread and take responsibility for attacks in Af-ghanistan, Libya, and Yemen. We have seen other terrorist groups, such as Ni-geria’s Boko Haram, pledge alliance to ISIL. We have seen acts of terrorism in Europe and now in the United States that have been influenced or at least inspired by ISIL. 
All of this has happened in 9 months. Here is what hasn’t happened. Con-
gress, the article I branch whose most solemn power is the duty to declare war, has not done its job, has not de-bated this war, has not taken any for-mal step to authorize what was started unilaterally by the President 9 months ago. 
As of today, ISIL has no indication 
whether Congress cares one iota about the ongoing war. Our allies in the re-gion who are most directly affected by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.006 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2704 May 7, 2015 
the threat of ISIL have no indication 
whether Congress cares one iota about the ongoing war. And most impor-tantly, the thousands of American troops serving in the region and serv-ing in the theater of battle have no in-dication whether Congress cares one iota about this ongoing war. 
In the Senate there has been no au-
thorization vote or even debate on the floor. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee did report out a war au-thorization in December, but it died without floor action at the end of the 113th Congress. In the House, there has been no debate or authorization on the floor. In fact, there has been no action in any House committee during the 9 months of this war. 
The silence of Congress in the midst 
of this war is cowardly and shameful. How can we explain to our troops, our public, or ourselves this complete un-willingness of Congress to take up this important responsibility? 
President Obama maintains that the 
authorizations voted on by Congress in 2001 and 2002 give him the power to wage this war without Congress. Hav-ing reviewed the authorizations care-fully, I find that claim completely without merit. The 2001 authorization allows the President to take action against groups that perpetrated the at-tacks of 9/11. ISIL was not a perpe-trator of the 9/11 attack; it was not formed until 2 years after the attacks, in 2003. It is not an ally of Al Qaeda; it is now fighting against Al Qaeda in cer-tain theaters. The only way the 2001 authorization could be stretched to cover ISIL is if we pretend that the au-thorization is a blank check giving the President the power to wage war against any terrorist group. But that was precisely the power that President Bush asked for in 2001, and Congress explicitly refused to grant that broad grant of power to the President, even in the days right after the 9/11 attacks. 
The 2002 authorization to wage war in 
Iraq to topple the regime of Saddam Hussein also has no relevance here. That regime disappeared years ago. 
The War Powers Resolution of 1973 
does grant the President some ability to initiate military action for 60 to 90 days prior to congressional approval, but it also mandates that the President must cease military activity unless Congress formally approves it. Here we have blown long past all of the dead-lines of the act, Congress has said nothing, and yet the war continues. 
So the President does not have the 
legal power to maintain this war with-out Congress. Yet Congress—this Con-gress—the very body that is so quick to argue against President Obama’s use of Executive power, even threatening him with lawsuits over immigration actions and other Executive decisions, is strangely silent and allows an Execu-tive war to go on undeclared, unap-proved, undefined, and unchecked. 
So 9 months of silence leaves the im-
pression that Congress is either indif-ferent about ISIL and the threat that it poses or lacks the backbone to do 
the job that it is supposed to do. 
That is why I rise today to challenge 
my colleagues to take this seriously and promptly debate and pass an au-thorization for military action against ISIL. We should have done this months ago. By now, all know that ISIL is not going away soon. This problem will not just solve itself. 
I am given some hope by recent ac-
tions of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and this body on the pend-ing matter, the Iran Nuclear Agree-ment Review Act. On a challenging and important national security issue, be-cause of strong leadership by Senators C
ORKER , CARDIN , and M ENENDEZ , we 
have shown the ability to act in a bi-partisan way to assert an appropriate congressional role in reviewing a final nuclear deal with Iran. We are taking an important stand for the congres-sional role in matters touching upon diplomacy, war, and peace, and we have fought off thus far the temptation to play politics with this important mat-ter. 
This gives me some hope that we 
might do the same with respect to the war on ISIL, because the role of Con-gress in war is undisputable. The Framers of the Constitution were fa-miliar with a world where war was for the Monarch, the King, the Sultan or the Executive. But they made a revolu-tionary decision to choose a different path and place the decisions about the initiation of war in the hands of the people’s elected legislative branch. 
They did so because of an important 
underlying value. The value is this: We shouldn’t order young servicemembers to risk their lives in a military mission unless Congress has debated the mis-sion and reached the conclusion that it is in the Nation’s best interest. That value surely is as important today as it was in 1787. 
To conclude, I hope we will remember 
that right now in places far from their homes, thousands of members of the American Armed Forces are risking their lives on behalf of a mission that Congress has refused to address for 9 long months. Their sacrifice should call us to step up, do our job, and fi-nally define and authorize this ongoing war. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I want to 
echo the sentiments of my colleague from Virginia, who is also my col-league in the Foreign Relations Com-mittee, for taking action on authoriza-tion for use of military force against ISIL. This is an issue that has con-fronted us for a while, and the Senator from Virginia has stood up forcefully time and again to insist that Congress fulfill its necessary role here, and yet we have not. 
As he mentioned, the United States 
has led a multination coalition since September of last year to achieve the President’s stated objective to ‘‘de-grade and ultimately destroy ISIL.’’ 
The White House insisted when oper-ations began that it didn’t need an AUMF for this mission because it was on solid legal footing by using the AUMF which Congress had passed in 2001—2001—14 years ago. That author-ization for use of force went after Al Qaeda and the Taliban in the wake of 
the 9/11 attacks. Many of us took um-brage with the assertion at the time, and we pushed for the administration to work with Congress to authorize a mission against ISIL. It was important then and it remains important now for Congress to voice its support for the mission and to signal to our allies, as well as our adversaries, as well as our troops who are in harm’s way, that our commitment will not change based on prevailing political winds. 
It wasn’t until the Foreign Relations 
Committee took initiative to consider its own view on that, that the adminis-tration was forced to engage with Con-gress. The President submitted a draft AUMF to Congress in February of this year and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee held hearings thereafter. Yet movement of this vital piece of legislation has seemingly stalled. It re-mains a stalemate because the major-ity and minority parties can’t agree on how to address the use of combat troops in this conflict. This is dam-aging to the effort to defeat ISIL. Frankly, it is also damaging to the credibility and relevance of this insti-tution with regard to the conduct of foreign affairs. 
The war against ISIL has been waged 
continuously since September of last year with Congress appropriating funds for its operations. Yet Congress has yet to authorize the mission itself. What kind of message does that send to our allies? What kind of resolve does it pro-vide to ISIL? And what does it portend for others who are out there watching to see what Congress will do? 
Members of both parties in the House 
and the Senate pushed the President to send us an AUMF so we could authorize this mission, and in the end we were successful. The White House did send language in February of this year. When we demand engagement from the President on this issue—an issue as vital as this one—and then we dis-engage ourselves due to internal dis-cord, it provides those who would choose not to take Congress seriously, perhaps, further reason to avoid it. 
Those who might be watching, 
whether at the White House or any-where else in the world, might be left wondering whether this Congress means what it says. Last Congress, the Senate Foreign Relations Committee marked up and voted on two authoriza-tions for use of military force: one to address Bashar al-Assad’s use of chem-ical weapons and the other to authorize the mission against ISIL. Both resolu-tions went no further than recorded votes in committee. That would lead some to question the relevance of the committee, when resolutions as grave 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.007 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2705 May 7, 2015 
and as important as these are simply 
allowed to languish. 
The committee needs to reassert 
itself. We need to reassert our rel-evance by marking up a resolution to authorize military force against ISIL and to advance it to the floor where it can get a strong bipartisan vote. We all know this needs to be a bipartisan product. I am convinced that working with other Members of the committee, we can arrive at a bipartisan product. Obviously, I look forward to working with my colleague from Virginia on this matter. 
When we look just over the past cou-
ple of years at the engagements that we have had overseas, particularly at Libya, where we had for several months a bombing campaign without Congress weighing in at all, would we not have benefitted with a fulsome de-bate on that engagement and for Con-gress to speak and delineate our in-volvement there? Now we are faced with a situation where we have basi-cally a failed state that spawns terror-ists. We cannot continue to do that. We have to take ourselves more seriously and this institution more seriously by taking action on this AUMF. 
Along with the Senator from Vir-
ginia, I have been encouraged by the actions of the committee and this Con-gress recently on the Iran review pack-age that we will likely vote on later today. That vote bodes well for biparti-sanship here. We need to return to the time, to the extent possible—and we are not naive to those who believe that partisanship can always stop at the water’s edge—but we have to have a situation where we have a bipartisan foreign policy and where the Senate Foreign Relations Committee takes its traditional role in formulating that policy in authorizing these engage-ments. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
DEBT , DEFENSE , AND DIRECTIVES AND THE  
WORK AHEAD  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, it is 
my honor to represent my family, my neighbors, and the millions of people in my very diverse State of Oklahoma. I am an ordinary Oklahoman. I do not come from a prominent political fam-ily or from any kind of political ma-chine. My wife of 23 years, Cindy, is here in the Gallery today. We have walked through life together and have raised two incredible girls who love God and love our Nation. Stepping into this body was a high cost for my fam-ily. We took this on together. 
We have a tremendous staff, both 
here in Washington, DC, and in Okla-homa, who sacrifice incredible time and energy for the future of our Na-
tion. Every day they work incredibly hard to solve the issues that we face as a nation. I am grateful to serve in this Chamber and for this to be my very first time to be able to speak in this Chamber. There are a few issues that I 
want to be able to raise and address in our conversation today. 
I have the opportunity to be able to 
live in a heritage of distinguished Oklahomans who have served in this Chamber. I serve alongside Senator J
IM 
INHOFE , who has stood for conservative 
principles in this body for two decades. I am humbled to follow the irreplace-able Dr. Tom Coburn. For those of us who are Dallas Cowboy fans, my com-ing here is kind of like being Danny White after Roger Staubach. 
There have been 17 other Senators 
from Oklahoma, great names such as Don Nickles, Henry Bellmon, Robert S. Kerr, David Boren, and Mike Monroney, just to name a few. I have the honor to sit at the same desk on this Chamber floor used by fellow Re-publican Senators Tom Coburn, Dewey Bartlett, and Edward Moore. 
In the 1930s, Oklahoma’s favorite son 
and humorist, Will Rogers, said: 
Congress is so strange. A man gets up to 
speak and says nothing. Nobody listens, and then everybody disagrees. 
This is my first official moment to 
join the ranks of those who step up to speak, but I want to speak about a few things that I consider essential to the work ahead for all of us—what I call the three Ds, which I talk about all the time: debt, defense, and directives. 
Let me take those in reverse order. 
The directives. People ask me all the time: What do Oklahomans want from their Federal Government? The answer is simple. They want to be left alone. They do not want someone else, over 1,000 miles away, telling them what to do, how to run their business, and how to run their lives. It is not that people in Oklahoma are antigovernment—far from it. We have a strong patriotism that drives us to serve our Nation and honor those who give their lives to public service. 
Twenty years ago, Oklahoma and the 
Nation were devastated by a truck bomb in the Oklahoma City Federal building, killing 168 people, most of those Federal employees. We are grate-ful for people in government who serve faithfully every day. 
But we also understand that our Fed-
eral Government has a task, and it also has a territory. Federal officers should do their task efficiently with great transparency and accountability, but they also stay out of other people’s tasks and do theirs with great effec-tiveness. When I step into a restaurant, I may have an idea for a new recipe. But I cannot just wander back into the kitchen and start cooking and chang-ing the way the restaurant works. Nei-ther can a Federal regulator drift into every business and decide they are going to redo how that business is done. That is not their territory. That is not their job. But today in America, if you want to 
start or run a business, you will find out that the government has already made most of the decisions for you about how you will run your business. Well, an Oklahoma company recently paid a fine for not reporting to a Fed-eral agency that they had nothing to report. Now, I am fairly confident that the Founding Fathers, when they were envisioning a country of the people, by the people, and for the people, were not envisioning that citizens of the coun-try would pay fines to their govern-ment for reporting they have nothing to report. 
In the past week, I have started a bi-
partisan initiative called the Cut Red Tape Initiative to try to identify ways to streamline government, to return decisions back to individuals and local governments, and clear the clutter of regulations that benefit the govern-ment but slow down business. Just so that people would know that this proc-ess is difficult, I have faced weeks of red tape here in the Senate to start an initiative called Cut Red Tape. We will work through that. 
In the past few years, over 30,000 
pages have been added to the Federal Register. Nothing in American life does not face a Federal regulation. To make sure the government considers the cu-mulative effect of all of those regula-tions, agencies are required to do a reg-ulatory lookback to evaluate problem regulations each year. But most don’t take it seriously. 
The Department of Labor has 676 reg-
ulations and rules. This year, their reg-ulatory lookback includes 4 regula-tions—4 of 676. That is not a serious re-view. The new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has no account-ability to the American people, and it has no limit to its authority. They are becoming a fourth branch of govern-ment with no checks or balances. 
The EPA spends their time looking 
for gray areas of law in places where they can reinterpret old laws to fit their new agenda. Consent decrees and novel interpretations of statutes have superseded consistent rulemaking and statutory and State primacy of en-forcement. Agencies now write rules, interpret their rules, enforce their rules, and establish the punishment for not following their rules. Many people want to blame this administration. I disagree. This administration has be-come expert at pushing the boundaries; that is true. But the rise in the regu-latory state is not new. For decades, the Congress has delegated responsibil-ities to agencies and given them very few boundaries. 
Since the 1970s, in the Chevron case, 
the courts have increased the power of the regulatory agencies by allowing them to have deference to determine their own rules. This is not a Repub-lican or Democrat issue. It is an Amer-ican issue, which will not improve until this body demands its constitu-tional authority back and clarifies to the courts that the Constitution states 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.008 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2706 May 7, 2015 
that all legislative authority shall lie 
in Congress—not in an agency. 
The American people want to give 
the Federal Government their own di-rective: Leave us alone. Now, I am will-ing to work with anyone who is willing to work on some of these issues. So far this session, I have coauthored or co-sponsored bills and worked on ideas with T
EDCRUZ, ELIZABETH WARREN , 
GARY PETERS , J OHN CORNYN , H EIDI 
HEITKAMP , D IANNE FEINSTEIN , O RRIN 
HATCH , MIKELEE, STEVE DAINES , TIM 
SCOTT, R OBPORTMAN , T OMCARPER , 
ANGUS KING, RANDPAUL, JEANNE SHA-
HEEN , JOHNMCCAIN, MIKEENZI, KELLY  
AYOTTE , MARKKIRKand R ONJOHNSON , 
just to name a few. 
I did not have to sacrifice my con-
servative values, but I did have to admit that anyone can have a good idea. Just because we disagreed on one thing does not mean I have to belittle people. I told my wife several years ago, when I first came to the House of Representatives, that I had this deja vu moment, thinking I had felt this way before. I have never been in politics or Congress, but I know this feeling. After about 6 months I called her and I said: I finally figured out what this feeling is to be in Congress. It is the emotion you have in middle school lunch. It is that feeling that I get more popular by sit-ting at my table and making fun of ev-eryone else at everyone else’s table. And if I ever say something nice about someone else at another table, my table shakes their head and says: Why would you do that? But if I ever say something unkind, everybody says: Way to go. Welcome to Congress. 
Only we can turn this around. We 
will strongly disagree on areas, but we should find the areas of common ground where we do not have to sac-rifice our values and be able to find ways to work together. 
The second issue is defense—direc-
tives and defense. Our freedom is for-eign to most of the world, and it is a threat to them, not because the United States is an aggressor nation—far from it—but because the liberty we export is so powerful they know well it can de-pose their dictatorships and weaken their control. Many government lead-ers around the world would rather keep their people poor and closely managed than allow them to be prosperous and free. 
Iran is on the rise. Since the 1979 rev-
olution, Iran has exported terrorism around the world. I am convinced that some individuals—even in this admin-istration—trust Iran’s words more than they trust history, the facts on the ground or even their own intuition. We cannot allow the largest exporter of terrorism in the world to have nuclear weapons. We cannot do that. 
Dictatorial governments around the 
world and totalitarian Islamic leaders consistently test our mettle, probe our infrastructure and computer systems, test our passion for freedom and our re-solve for the dignity of every person. By the way, that is one of our core val-ues. Every person—even people we dis-
agree with—is valuable. It is why the issue of race—just as a side note—is so important to us in America—because we understand that in many parts of the world if you are from the wrong family, the wrong tribe, the wrong race or the wrong faith, you cannot get a job, you cannot get government serv-ices, you cannot get housing—all of those things. 
That is how other places do it. That 
is not us. We have chosen not to be like that as a nation. Where injustice ex-ists, we want to bring freedom and equality—within our boundaries or around the world. 
We believe every person is created 
equal and is endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights—every person. When brutal thugs attack inno-cent nations, we have the moral high ground to call out the aggressor and to stand with the oppressed. We always work with resolve to solve the issues peacefully. We understand this proverb: ‘‘A gentle answer turns away wrath.’’ 
Our diplomacy leads the way. But 
when nations and philosophies will not stop their aggression, they learn that we do not bear the sword for nothing. I have the privilege—and I do count it as a privilege—of serving thousands of men and women and their families who faithfully protect our Nation every day in all branches of the military—first responders on our streets, in the intel-ligence community, at our ports, in the air, training, equipping, and protecting hundreds of thousands in Oklahoma. In fact, without Oklahoma, just so this body will know, our Nation could not sustain our Air Force, train our pilots, rearm our munitions, fire artillery or rockets, talk to our subs, train our young soldiers, refuel our aircraft, con-trol battlefield airspace or deliver sup-plies. So you are welcome for what happens in Oklahoma every day. 
Our Guard and Reserve units have 
fulfilled everything that has been asked of them by their Nation, some of them to their last full measure of devo-tion. But in Oklahoma our patriotism also challenges us to deal with military waste when it takes money, especially directly from the warfighter. Why would we call waste in defense patriot-ism? Let’s solve it. We want the intel-ligence community to be well equipped. We want them to be attentive to the issues around the world, but we also want our Fourth Amendment freedoms protected. Remember, Oklahomans like to just be left alone. 
The third issue is our debt—direc-
tives, defense, and debt. Our economy runs on increasing debt. That is how we are actually managing life day to day nowadays. We gamble every year that interest rates will not go up and the rest of the world will still want our bonds. This year we paid $229 billion in interest payments. Think about that for a minute—$229 billion. 
The highway trust fund is short just 
$10 billion, and we are spending $229 billion just in interest payments this year. CBO estimates that we will spend 
over $800 billion in interest payments by the end of the 10-year window. That is more than we spend on all defense spending, education, transportation, and energy combined—what we will do just in interest payments in the years ahead. 
We need to fix two things in this 
budget hole: efficiently manage Fed-eral spending and a growing economy, duplication in programs. All these things need to be resolved. 
Let me take a couple of these things. 
Efficiency in the Federal Government. We need to deal with the tremendous fraud and waste and duplication. Where we see it, we should go after it. For the past 2 weeks, I have held a bill that funds a grant program for bulletproof vests. 
I am not opposed to the program. I 
am opposed to the fact that we have two programs that do the same thing— two different applications, two dif-ferent sets of processes, two programs that do the same thing. If we see it, we should solve it. Yesterday, we marked up and passed a bill in committee that I authored called the Taxpayer Right to Know Act, which will identify dupli-cative programs, the administrative cost, the number of full-time staff, and how and if programs are evaluated. 
It is a commonsense thing to do that, 
and it passed by a voice vote out of the committee. In the days ahead, I hope we will use that tool wisely to be able to actually identify where we have du-plication, and instead of complain about it, we solve it as a body. The goal is to find those and eliminate them. 
A friend of mine in Oklahoma is a 
former marine. His name is Hank. Hank runs a small business. Hank is a guy who if you see him, you need to brace yourself because when he shakes your hand you know it. Hank runs his small business from a desk in his unair-conditioned garage. 
When I think about the way we spend 
money, I often think of Hank. Hank is not a guy who wants to have our gov-ernment suffer or our Nation do some-thing weak. Hank is an incredible pa-triot, but he wants us to spend money wisely, and when we find waste, he would expect us to get rid of it. He does. He would expect that we do. 
A good example of that may be So-
cial Security disability. It is a difficult issue for us to talk about because we want a safety net for the truly vulner-able, but we all know there is incred-ible waste in that program, and there are people who are ripping off the sys-tem. To have a strong safety net for the vulnerable doesn’t mean we allow people to freeload off the top. Dis-ability is designed for people who can-not work in any job in the economy, not someone who just doesn’t want to. 
Let’s find a way to protect our vul-
nerable but incentivize those who are freeloading off the system to engage them back into work. We need people to work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.009 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2707 May 7, 2015 
The earned-income tax credit is an-
other one of those. We read the reports every year: a 24-percent fraud rate, the highest fraud rate in the Federal Gov-ernment. Last year, there was $14.5 bil-lion in loss; one program, $14.5 billion. 
We have to pay attention to this. We 
have to get the economy going or we will never fix the debt. We can’t just fix it by reducing spending. We all know that well. Tax reform seems to be the elusive dream of our economy. I can only hope that as a body we will not continue to strive for large-scale tax reform and fail to do some things that are significant and possible. 
Banking reform must be done. Dodd- 
Frank is choking out lending. Now, I don’t want to attack any individual who voted for it, but I am very well aware that there are many unintended consequences that have come down, es-pecially on community banks. 
People can feel our economy tight-
ening and the lending tightening. They don’t know why. Main Street commu-nity banks are dealing with uncertain regulations. We have to get our com-munity banks back in business. We can do that by exempting traditional banks from heavy regulatory burdens that complex banks face and replacing sim-ple capital requirements. This isn’t controversial or complicated. We just need to work on some simple things while we still work on the complex. 
Trade. We are a nation that believes 
in trade. Quite frankly, our Navy was created in the infancy of our Republic to protect our trade. In fact, one of our grievances that we had with King George in the original Declaration of Independence was the King was cutting off our trade with all ports of the world. Trade has been a big deal to us as a nation since before we were a na-tion. 
Currently, this ongoing debate about 
whether we will be a nation of trade seems to be a little odd to me. Yes, we are going to be a nation of trade. We always have been. Let’s work it out and let’s continue to grow our econ-omy. 
Energy issues. The past 6 years the 
brightest star in our economy has been energy. If we want to have the econ-omy grow, energy is going to be a major part of that formula. If anyone disagrees with that, I would love to get a chance to meet them because I can show you all the job growth that has happened in America just circled around energy. But we all know EPA policies make energy development harder and increase the energy cost of everything for every person in Amer-ica. 
Energy jobs are great-paying jobs, 
but they are suddenly fading away be-cause of this mixture of low oil prices and bad energy policy. A few years ago, America was led to believe they were running out of oil and gas and our sup-
plies were going away. Now our sup-plies are at record numbers and we keep finding more. 
In the past 6 months, America has 
lost 100,000 jobs because we have stopped drilling because our tanks are 
full and the prices have collapsed. If we could only sell that oil, what a dif-ference that might make to our econ-omy. You see, we can sell our coal and we can sell our natural gas, but for whatever reason we as a nation are still thinking we can’t sell oil. Now, we can sell gasoline, just not oil. It would be kind of like saying you can sell flour, but you can’t sell wheat. 
Currently, we import about 27 per-
cent of our crude. Most of that is heavy oil that is imported. Most of that is done by foreign ownership, foreign ownership of refineries. They are bring-ing in their own oil. Most of our new finds are in light sweet oil, a different type of oil that our refineries don’t need. Do you know who needs this? Mexico needs it, Canada needs it. So, literally, while our storage tanks are at maximum capacity and the prices continue to drop in America, the rest of the world is craving our oil, and we are debating whether that is a good idea. It is the ultimate irony right now that the administration is in negotia-tions to open the sale of Iranian oil to the world market, and we cannot sell oil from America on the world market. 
Let’s pay attention to American jobs. 
Let’s get our economy going. There are some basic things we can do. 
All this talk about security, econ-
omy, and liberty boils down to one thing, though—our families. Nothing is bigger in our Nation than our fami-lies—nothing. We are not a nation of wealth, we are a nation of families. The rise of government is directly con-nected to the collapse of families. It is not that government is pushing down families, it is that families are col-lapsing and government is trying to rise to fix that. It will not fix it. Gov-ernment can’t fix a family, but we can make sure there is no marriage penalty in our tax law. We can make sure we don’t incentivize broken families and our social welfare programs. We can actually use our moments in our times when we speak to state the obvious. America is strongest when American families are strong. Let’s not be afraid to step out and protect what we know works. We don’t live in a nation with no hope. We live in a nation of incred-ible hope. 
The seeds are all still there. It is a 
matter of how much we are going to engage in those things, whether we are going to be an exporter of freedom and of our basic values. That is what I think we should do. 
We should export our freedom to the 
world. We should export our values to the world. We will do that best as we protect our families and as we rise to speak about the things we know are right. 
There is a tremendous diversity of 
American opinion, freedom of speech, but before the Framers even mentioned free speech, they mentioned the free exercise of religion. It is popular cul-ture now for people to be intolerant of people of faith and people who live their faith. You can say you have faith, 
but you are pushed down if you actu-ally practice the faith you say you have. I served 22 years in ministry be-fore I came to Congress. I have a little different perspective than some on that. I see our Nation with a great spir-itual hunger. I don’t criticize Wash-ington, though, in the process. Quite frankly, I believe Washington perfectly reflects our culture, and to people who are frustrated with what Washington has become, I remind them, this is who we are as a nation. 
What we are going to do about it be-
comes the big issue. What are we going to become? While we beat ourselves up, we lose track that the rest of the world still looks at us, and they still want to be us. 
Last September, I was in Central 
America for a few days meeting with some of the leaders there talking about immigration. I don’t know if anyone has noticed, but there are a few issues about immigration now. We had this conversation about immigration and started talking about what are we going to do and how are we going to limit the number of these unaccom-panied minors coming in and what is actually driving them to come. 
One of the leaders there said: Sir, I 
don’t know if you have noticed, but you are the United States of America. Everyone in the world wants to go there. There doesn’t have to be a driv-ing factor to go to your nation. Every-one wants to be your nation. 
We do not have open borders, nor 
should we. But it was another lesson learned that while we argue among ourselves, we have the opportunity to be able to serve in the greatest Nation, in the greatest body in the world. We still lead the world with our values. We should represent that well. That is our greatest export, our values. 
This is the National Day of Prayer, 
and I thought it would be entirely ap-propriate to be able to end this con-versation with both a reminder to call our Nation to prayer and to remember Psalm 46:1–2: 
God is our refuge and strength, an ever- 
present help in trouble. Therefore we will not fear. 
So we not only remember that, but 
let us actually call this Senate to pray. 
Let us pray. Our Father, I pray for our Nation. I 
pray that You would give us wisdom and direction. I pray for this body, in-credible men and women who have set aside their families, their careers, and their life, to come serve their Nation. I pray that You would give us unity of attitude and diversity of opinion and that You give us the capacity to be able to solve the issues ahead of us. 
I pray for President Obama, for Vice 
President B
IDEN, the Supreme Court, 
for the House of Representatives, for the men and women around the world right now who are serving quietly in ways of intelligence, publically as first responders and leaders, and our mili-tary scattered across the Earth. God, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.012 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2708 May 7, 2015 
would You protect them and would You 
allow us, as families and as leaders, to represent You and the values of our Nation to a world that needs our lead-ership still. 
God, use this time. Use us. As broken 
as we are, we know that You are an ever-present help in time of trouble, and we will not fear. 
Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Madam President, I yield back the 
remainder of my time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). The majority leader. 
CONGRATULATING SENATOR LANKFORD  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I wish to say to my new colleague from Oklahoma, what an insightful assess-ment of the challenges facing our coun-try and an extraordinary list of solu-tions to those challenges, not to men-tion reminding us all that we are the envy of the world. 
So I congratulate our new colleague 
from Oklahoma. I wish him well and thank him for his fine remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Under the previous order, the time 
from 11:30 a.m. until 12:50 p.m. will be equally divided, with the majority con-trolling the first half and the Demo-crats controlling the second half. 
NSA COUNTERTERRORISM PROGRAM  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
since the unlawful leaks of NSA pro-grams, opponents of our counterterror-ism program have painted a distorted picture of how these programs are con-ducted and overseen by exploiting the fact that our intelligence community cannot discuss classified activities. So what you have is an effort to charac-terize our NSA programs, and the offi-cials who conduct them cannot discuss the classified activities. So they are clearly at a disadvantage. 
Since September 11, 2001, FISA has 
been critically important in keeping us safe here in America. According to the CIA, had these authorities been in place more than a decade ago, they would likely—likely—have prevented 9/11. Not only have these tools kept us safe, there has not been a single inci-dent—not one—of an intentional abuse of them. 
The NSA is overseen by the execu-
tive, legislative, and judicial branches of our government. They are not run-ning rogue out there. The NSA is over-seen by the legislative, executive, and judicial branches of our government. The employees of NSA are highly trained, supervised, and tested. 
The expiring provisions of FISA are 
ideally suited for the terrorist threats we face in 2015. These provisions work 
together to protect us from foreign ter-rorists abroad who use social and other media to conspire and eventually plan attacks inside the United States. 
ISIL uses Facebook, uses Twitter, its 
online magazine, and other social media platforms to contact and eventu-ally radicalize recruits online. If our intelligence community cannot con-nect the dots of information, we cannot stop this determined enemy from launching attacks. 
Under section 215 authority, the NSA 
can find connections—find connec-tions—from known terrorists overseas and connect that to potential terror-ists in the United States. But the NSA cannot query the database, which con-sists of call data records such as the number calling, the number called, and the duration, without a court order. 
Let me say that again. NSA cannot 
query the database, which consists of call data records such as number call-ing, the number called, and the dura-tion, without a court order. Under sec-tion 215, the NSA cannot listen to phone calls of Americans at all. Under section 215, the NSA cannot listen to the phone calls of Americans at all. 
Despite the value of the section 215 
program and the rigorous safeguards that govern it, critics of the program either want to do away with it or make it much more difficult to use. Many of them are proposing a bill—the USA FREEDOM Act—that they say will keep us safe while protecting our pri-vacy. It will do neither. It will neither keep us safe nor protect our privacy. It will make us more vulnerable and it risks compromising our privacy. 
The USA FREEDOM Act would re-
place section 215 with an untested, un-tried, and more cumbersome system. It would not end bulk collection of call data. Instead, it would have un-trained—untrained—corporate employ-ees with uncertain supervision and pro-tocols do the collecting. So it switches this responsibility from the NSA, with total oversight, to corporate employees with uncertain supervision and proto-cols. They get to do the collecting. It would establish a wall between the NSA analysts and the data they are trying to analyze. At best, the new sys-tem envisioned by the USA FREEDOM Act would be more cumbersome and time consuming to use when speed and agility are absolutely crucial. At worst, it will not work at all because there is no requirement in the legisla-tion that the telecoms hold the data for any length of time. Put differently, section 215 helped us find the needle in a haystack, but under the USA FREE-DOM Act, there may not be a haystack to look through at all. 
In short, the opponents of America’s 
counterterror programs would rather trust telecommunication companies to hold this data and search it on behalf of our government. These companies have no programs, no training or tools to search the databases they would need to create, and if that isn’t bad enough, we would have to pay them to 
do it. The taxpayers would have to pay them to do it. 
In addition to making us less safe, 
the USA FREEDOM Act would make our privacy less secure. The section 215 program is subject to rigorous controls and strict oversight. Only a limited number of intelligence professionals have access to the data. There are strict limits on when and for what pur-pose they can access the data. Their access to the data is closely supervised with numerous—numerous—levels of review. These safeguards will not apply to the untried and novel system under the USA FREEDOM Act, and rather than storing the information securely at NSA, the information would be held by private companies instead. 
There was an excellent editorial 
today in the Wall Street Journal point-ing out the challenges we face. It was entitled the ‘‘Snowden Blindfold Act.’’ The ‘‘Snowden Blindfold Act’’ was the headline in the Wall Street Journal today. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
a copy of that article. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, May 7, 2015] 
THESNOWDEN BLINDFOLD ACT 
Congress moves to weaken antiterror sur-
veillance while France expands it. 
At least one of the gunmen who shot up a 
Texas free speech event on Sunday was known to the FBI as a potentially violent radical and was convicted in 2011 on a terror- related charge. The Islamic State claimed credit for this domestic attack, albeit an 
unproven connection. So it is strange that Congress is moving to weaken U.S. surveil-lance defenses against the likes of shooters Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi. 
Two years after the leaks from Edward 
Snowden’s stolen dossier, a liberal-conserv-ative coalition is close to passing a bill that would curtail the programs the National Se-curity Agency has employed in some form for two decades. Adding to this political strangeness, France of all places is on the verge of modernizing and expanding its own surveillance capabilities for the era of burn-er cell phones, encrypted emails and mass online jihadist propaganda. 
The Patriot Act expires at the end of the 
month, and a fragile House-negotiated com-promise on reauthorization would end NSA sweeps of telephone metadata—the date, time stamps and duration of calls. The con-tent of those calls isn’t collected without a separate warrant. The measure also includes mostly cosmetic nuisance changes such as a panel of outside amicus lawyers to advise the secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC) that supervises and approves NSA activities. 
But the metadata eulogies are premature 
before what ought to be a sturdy debate in the Senate. Majority Leader Mitch McCon-nell introduced a ‘‘clean’’ extension of cur-rent law as a base bill that the chamber will open to amendments later this month. The Senate narrowly defeated a bill similar to the House measure last year, and we hope it does so again. 
Senators should think carefully about the 
value of metadata collection, and not only because the technical details of the House bill are still being parsed by security ex-perts. In January 2014, President Obama 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.013 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2709 May 7, 2015 
tried to suppress the Snowden wildfire by 
pronouncing the end of ‘‘bulk metadata pro-gram as it currently exists,’’ via executive order. Civil libertarians rejoiced. Yet NSA transparency disclosures show the FISC court approved 170 search applications of the database in the same calendar year. 
Presumably the NSA continued to analyze 
metadata—despite pro forma White House opposition—because these details provide in-telligence that is useful for uncovering plots, preventing attacks and otherwise safe-guarding the country. The NSA must dem-onstrate to FISC judges a ‘‘reasonable, articulable suspicion’’ to gain approval for each ‘‘selector,’’ or search query. 
In other words, there is little invasion of 
privacy because the searches are narrow. The NSA isn’t even using automated algorithms to reveal suspicious patterns the way that credit card companies and retailers mine consumer data every day. The NSA’s 170 metadata searches involved merely 160 for-eign targets and 227 known or presumed U.S. citizens. 
There is still no evidence that the data 
have been abused. The Supreme Court has held since Smith v. Maryland in 1979 that the Constitution provides no guarantee of metadata privacy. Domestic police and pros-ecutors in routine criminal investigations enjoy more warrantless access to metadata well beyond even the NSA status quo. 
The House bill pretends not to undermine 
intelligence collection by requiring telecom and tech companies to retain metadata busi-ness records. The NSA could then request these documents with FISC consent or uni-laterally in an emergency. But assembling this information retroactively may be too slow in a true crisis—in return for little or no added privacy protection. After the hack-ing breaches at Sony, Target and a string of health insurers, Americans may reasonably wonder if their data are safer fragmented across many private third-party repositories. 
The Members of Congress who know the 
most about intelligence know all this, but they say that ending metadata collection is the price of blocking a political stampede that might also kill more important provi-sions such as Section 702 that authorizes for-eign-to-foreign wiretaps. That might have been true immediately after the Snowden heist, but it may not be true after the at-tacks on Charlie Hebdo and in Texas by Is-lamic State-inspired jihadists. 
Those shootings show that surveillance is 
more crucial than ever to prevent mass mur-der on U.S. soil by homegrown or foreign radicals. The French understand this, which is why they are widening their intelligence reach. No prevention can ever be perfect. But the House measure is a deliberate effort to know less and blind U.S. spooks to poten-tially relevant information. This self-im-posed fog may be politically satisfying now, but deadly if there is another attack. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Finally, I would 
like to ask the senior Senator from North Carolina, who is the chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence, the following question: Why was it nec-essary to enact the provisions of the PATRIOT Act after the attacks of 9/11/ 2001, and why are they relevant today given the threat we face from ISIL and Al Qaeda? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I ap-
preciate the question the leader has asked, and, also, I ask unanimous con-sent to enter into a colloquy with my Republican colleagues. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BURR. The leader raises a great 
question, and it is really the purpose for which section 215 was created. It is the reason the NSA looked at ways to effectively get in front of threats that take us back to 9/11 and the attacks. 
As we reacted, through our law en-
forcement tools within the United States, we used an instrument called a national security letter. They produced a national security letter. They had to 
go to the telecoms and ask that they search their systems for this informa-tion. 
The leader alluded to the fact that 
many looking back to pre-9/11 said that had we had the tools we have today, we might have stopped this attack. But over a series of years, Congress, the ex-ecutive branch, the Justice Depart-ment, and our intelligence community worked to refine the tools we thought could effectively be used to get in front of a terrorist attack. 
That brings us to where we are today. 
Over those years, we created section 215, the ability to use bulk data. What is bulk data? Bulk data is storing tele-phone numbers—we have no idea to whom they belong—that are foreign and domestic. The whole basis behind this program is that as a cell phone is picked up in Syria and we look at the phone numbers that phone talked to, if it is someone in the United States, we would like to know that—at least law enforcement would like to know it—so we can understand if there is a threat against us here in the homeland or somewhere else in the world. 
Section 215 allows the NSA to col-
lect, in bulk, telephone numbers with no identifier on them. We couldn’t tell you who that American might be. And if for a reason they believe they need to look at that number because of an Executive order from the President, they go to a judge, and the judge is the one who gives them permission to search or query that data. If, in fact, they find a number that connects with one of a known terrorist, they have to go back to the court and prove there is reason for them to know whose number that is and the duration of time of the conversation. Further information re-quires further judicial action. 
Why are we here today? Because this 
expires on May 31. Some would suggest it is time to do away with it. 
Over the same period of time, we 
added something the American people have been very close to. It is called the TSA. Every time we go to an airport, we go through a security mechanism. Americans have never complained about it. Why? Because we know that when we get on the airplane, there is a high degree of likelihood that there is not a terrorist, a bomb, or some type of weapon that is going to be used against us. 
The leader said there has not been a 
single instance of a breach of privacy. Yet, those who suggest we need to change this do it 100 percent on the fact that privacy has been invaded. Let me say to all my colleagues, to the public, and to both sides of the Hill, today every American now has a dis-
count grocery card on their key chain. They go and buy groceries and they proudly scan that card because it gets them a discount, it gets them coupons, it gets them a gas reduction. Here are the facts: Your grocery store collects 10 times the amount of data that the NSA ever thought about collecting on you. 
There is a big difference between the 
NSA and your grocery store: The NSA doesn’t sell data; your grocery store does. From the data they collect, they could do a psychological profile on an individual. They could tell you how old they are, what their health is, where they live, how often they shop, there-fore when they work. We are not in the business of doing that. They are. But I don’t hear anybody complaining about the grocery stores’ discount card be-cause you get a discount, so you are willing to do that. 
What we haven’t shared with the 
American people is, what do you get through this program? You get the safety and security of knowing we are doing everything we possibly can to identify a terrorist and the act and to stop it before it happens. 
So we are here today with a choice. 
The choice is whether we are going to reauthorize this program, which has been very effective, with the same con-ditions the President has in place—you have to go to a judge—and with impor-tant controls on privacy by profes-sionals with rules, or whether we are going to roll it back to the telecoms. Make no mistake about it—the com-promise legislation rolls us back to the same thing we were doing pre-9/11. 
So whether we let it expire or we re-
authorize it, those are the two choices because this compromise bill actually forces it back to telecoms—very cum-bersome, time-consuming, and, I would say, fraught with privacy issues, as the leader pointed out. It is my choice to continue the program because the pro-gram has worked. 
NSA only has less than three dozen 
people who have the authority to look at this data. I will bet there would be more people in every telecom company who are authorized to search data. 
Let me suggest this to my col-
leagues: If their argument is valid, then they should be on the floor with a similar bill eliminating the TSA. I am not sure anybody invades my privacy any more than the TSA process. When I go through, they x ray me, they look at my luggage. In some cases, they stop me and wand me and, in some cases, hand-check me. I am not sure there are any more blatant privacy concerns than that. But they are not in here suggesting we do away with TSA because they know the public under-stands the safety TSA provides to avia-tion. 
Our big mistake is we haven’t been 
out here sharing with the American people why it has been so long since there has been an attack. We were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.001 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2710 May 7, 2015 
lucky this week in Garland, TX—lucky 
because 40-some Texas law enforce-ment officers happened to be at a mu-seum, and everybody there was car-rying. We are not going to be lucky every time. 
I remind my colleagues and the pub-
lic, in the same week, ISIL went on so-cial media networks and said: America, don’t think that you have got this in your rearview mirror. There are over 70 terrorists that we have in America in 15 States, and it is a matter of time be-fore it happens. 
Why in the world would we think 
about rolling back the tools that are the only tools that put us post-9/11 versus pre-9/11? 
The threat is greater today domesti-
cally and around the world than it has ever been, and the argument we will be consumed with is whether we do away with tools that have been effective for law enforcement to protect America. 
I would suggest that we reauthorize 
this bill for 5.5 years as is and that we make the same commitment to the American people we do when we reau-thorize and fund the TSA: No matter where you are, we have controls. We are going to keep America safe. We are not going to let it revert back to where we are susceptible to another 9/11. 
With that, I turn to Senator C
OTTON , 
my distinguished colleague from Ar-kansas, and ask whether he agrees that the collection of telephone and call data does not raise any reasonable ex-pectations of privacy under the Fourth Amendment. 
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I 
thank the Senator from North Caro-lina, and I appreciate his work and the majority leader’s work on this critical issue. I have been working hand in glove with them all along. 
I would say the answer to the ques-
tion is, no, this does not raise any rea-sonable concern about privacy. In fact, the program does not collect any con-tent. It does not surveil any phone call. It doesn’t even include any personally identifiable information. 
I have spent hours with the intel-
ligence officers and the FBI agents who are responsible for administering these programs—not merely the general counsels or the directors of these agen-cies but the men and women who ad-minister them. I have asked them what they think poses a greater risk to their privacy—the discount grocery card the Senator from North Carolina men-tioned or the fact that e-commerce Web sites have their name, address, credit card number, and personal his-tory? And to a person, every one of them said a greater threat to their pri-vacy is commercial marketing prac-tices, not this program. 
The program has been approved 40 
times by 15 different independent Fed-eral judges based on 36 years of Su-preme Court precedent and has been approved by two Presidents of both parties. If President Obama wanted to end the program tomorrow, he could, but he hasn’t. That is because this pro-gram is lawful, it is faithful to the Con-
stitution, it is smothered with safe-guards against abuse, and it is needed to fight a rising terrorist threat that we face today. In fact, those threats today are greater than they were on 9/11. And that is not my opinion; that is the testimony of this administration’s senior intelligence officials. 
The rise of Al Qaeda affiliates in Af-
rica and the Arabian Peninsula and the broader Middle East illustrates the me-tastasis of Al Qaeda following its re-treat from Afghanistan. These groups are larger and more spread out than their predecessors. They are also more technologically and operationally savvy, developing new, nonmetallic bombs, recruiting westerners, and using the Internet to spread their ha-tred. They even publish ‘‘how to’’ manuals for becoming a successful ter-rorist at home. 
Of course, there is the Islamic 
State—the Obama-described ‘‘JV team’’—which has cut the heads off of innocent Americans, is torturing and murdering Christians and other reli-gious minorities, and has sadistically burned people alive. More than 20,000 foreigners have gone to Syria and Iraq to join this enemy. Some have returned to their home countries, including the United States, some have remained in their home countries, becoming more radicalized and ready to inflict harm against Americans. 
We don’t have to look any further 
than this past week, when two Islamic State-inspired jihadists decided to open fire in Texas. Press reports indicate that one of the attackers was in con-tact with an ISIS supporter currently located in Somalia. This conduct illus-trates why this program is so impor-tant. It helps close the gap that exists between foreign intelligence gathering and stopping attacks here at home. This is the gap that contributed in part to our failure to stop the 9/11 attacks. 
There are also open source reports of 
ISIS cells in Virginia, Maryland, Illi-nois, California, and Michigan. As a member of the Intelligence Committee, I receive regular briefings on such threats, and I invite all my colleagues to receive these briefings if they doubt that the wolves are at the door or even in our country. 
This highlights one challenge of this 
debate: Most of the information sur-rounding the plots and the programs is classified. The intelligence community has been very accommodating in pro-viding classified briefings to Members of the Senate and the Congress. The issue, though, is often getting Members to attend or to visit with the agencies. That is why I believe the Senate may have to enter a closed session as we de-bate these programs, so that Members are not woefully ignorant of the threats America faces. 
Under consideration in the House and 
proposed in the Senate is the so-called USA FREEDOM Act, which will elimi-nate the essential intelligence this pro-gram collects. Proponents of the bill claim that it provides alternative ways 
for the intelligence community to ob-tain critical information needed to stop terrorist attacks and that it doesn’t compromise our counterterror efforts. But let me be clear. This is wrong. The alternatives to the current program do not come close to offering the capabilities we now have that en-able us to protect Americans. 
One alternative offered by opponents 
is to have phone companies retain con-trol of cell data and provide the NSA only the data responsive to searches phone companies would run on the agency’s behalf. This isn’t techno-logically feasible. 
At the request of the President’s own 
Director of National Intelligence, the independent National Research Council examined this proposal, and its experts concluded that the technology does not currently exist that would enable a system spread among different carriers to replace the capabilities of the cur-rent NSA metadata program. Any such system would create holes in our abil-ity to identify terrorist connections. 
First, phone companies don’t store 
the data for longer than 180 days and oftentimes for much shorter periods, and nothing in the USA FREEDOM Act requires them to store it any longer. The current NSA program, however, stores data for 5 years, which allows the NSA to discover potential terrorist links during that time period. A sys-tem that keeps data with multiple car-riers that store their data for much shorter time periods is close to useless in discovering terrorist network and sleeper cells, many of which lie in wait for years before launching an attack. 
Second, a system that tries to search 
multiple carriers and then collects and unifies their responses is cumbersome and time-consuming. In many inves-tigations, the loss of valuable minutes, hours, and days may mean the dif-ference between stopping an attack or seeing it succeed. 
Third, data stored with phone compa-
nies rather than the NSA is more vul-nerable to hackers who would seek to abuse queries of the stored metadata. 
Fourth, the costs are unknown, and 
the American people will bear them— either as taxpayers if the telecom com-panies ask to be reimbursed or as con-sumers as the companies pass along the costs on your phone bill, perhaps as an NSA collection fee. 
Fifth, to those people who say that 
this is technologically feasible and that we can easily execute it, I would remind you that this is the Federal Government that brought you healthcare.gov. 
A second alternative offered is to pay 
a third-party contractor or quasi-pri-vate entity to store data and run the program. I would argue that this is un-tested and unworkable. 
First, the proposal would also require 
an indefinite stream of taxpayer dol-lars to fund it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.016 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2711 May 7, 2015 
Second, the private entity may be 
subject to civil litigation discovery or-ders as it may hold information rel-evant to cases, which would expose Americans’ data to judicial pro-ceedings with no connection to na-tional security and without the secu-rity and privacy protections in place today. 
Third, a new organization will create 
the need for heavy security, top-secret clearances for employees, and strong congressional oversight. As more re-sources are devoted to such an entity, what we end up with is a reconstituted NSA program but at additional cost to taxpayers and greater threats to pri-vacy. 
As I mentioned, I have taken the op-
portunity in recent months to go and visit the men and women who work at the NSA and FBI. I can tell you all that they are fine Americans with the highest character. I spent hours with the very small number of men and women at Fort Meade who are allowed to search this data. I would ask how many critics of the program have actu-ally done that. 
Let’s examine in detail how these 
men and women search this data. An independent Federal court regularly approves NSA’s authority to collect and store the data in the first place. But for these men and women to even look at the data, it must go through a multistep process that includes ap-proval by four different entities at the NSA, numerous attorneys at the De-partment of Justice, and those very same judges who sit on that court. Even if a search request is granted, not just anyone at the NSA can access the data; access is limited to this small group of men and women, all of whom undergo regular background checks, drug tests, and are subject to regular polygraphs, many of whom are mili-tary veterans. 
To prevent abuse of the program in 
retrospect, searches of the data are automatically recorded and regularly audited by both the inspector general and the Department of Justice, with strict penalties for anyone found to have committed abuse. 
Moreover, I, the Senator from North 
Carolina, and other members of the in-telligence committees of both Houses of this Congress participate in these re-views. This is a robust and layered set of protections for Americans, their pri-vacy, and these protections would not exist under the proposed USA FREE-DOM Act. 
There are also protections that al-
most definitely will not be adopted by private telecom providers, which some wrongly suggest might retain exclusive control of this data. 
These multiple safeguards are why to 
date these programs have a sterling record, with no verified instances of in-tentional abuse, not a single one. 
In conclusion, in the wake of the 
traitorous Snowden disclosures, Sen-ator Chambliss and Senator F
EINSTEIN  
showed great leadership when they came together to defend these pro-
grams as both legal and effective. As Senator F
EINSTEIN wrote when she was 
chair of the Senate Intelligence Com-mittee, to end this program will sub-stantially increase the risk of another catastrophic attack in the United States. That is a proposition with which I wholeheartedly agree. 
I now see my colleague from the Ju-
diciary Committee on the floor. He is a former U.S. attorney and State attor-ney general, and I wonder if he agrees that this program is both constitu-tional and does not differ in substan-tial ways from the traditional tools prosecutors can use against criminals while also providing adequate safe-guards to American privacy. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Madam President, 
that is an important question. First, I would like to thank the Senator for volunteering to serve in the forces of the United States to protect the secu-rity of our country and the Middle East and dangerous areas. 
We do need to protect our national 
security. We lost almost 3,000 people on 9/11. The Nation came together. I was a member of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee at the time, and we evaluated what to do about it. We worked to-gether in a bipartisan way and in a vir-tually unanimous agreement passed the PATRIOT Act to try to help us be more effective in dealing with inter-national terrorism. 
What I have to tell you is what we 
were facing. Many people were shocked to see the improper obstacles that were placed in the way of our intelligence community as they sought to try to figure out how to identify and capture people who wanted to do harm to America. It was stunning. There was a wall between the CIA, which did the foreign intelligence, and the FBI. They could not say to the FBI: We have in-telligence that this person might be a terrorist. The FBI has jurisdiction within the United States. That wall was eliminated when we developed these intelligence tools. And we did other things in an overwhelmingly bi-partisan way. 
As a person who spent 15 years as a 
prosecutor, I would say there is noth-ing in this act that alters the funda-mental principles of what powers inves-tigators have to investigate crime in America. 
A county attorney can issue a sub-
poena from any county in America— and they do every day by the hundreds of thousands—including subpoenas to phone companies for telephone toll records. Those toll records have the name, the address, and the phone num-bers called and how many minutes. What is maintained in this system ba-sically is just numbers. 
Not only can a county attorney, who 
is a lawyer, but also a drug enforce-ment agent and an IRS agent can issue an administrative subpoena on the basis that there is information in tele-phone toll records regarding John Doe that are relevant to the investigation they are conducting. They can get that 
information. It is done by law, and there is a written document, but that is the way it is done every day in America. There does not have to be a court order to get those records. We are talking about hundreds of thou-sands of subpoenas for telephone toll records. 
In every murder case, virtually every 
robbery case, every big drug case, the prosecutor wants to use those toll records to show the connection be-tween the criminals. It is extremely valuable for a jury. This is part of daily law practice in America. 
To say that the NSA analysts have to 
have a court order before they can ob-tain a telephone toll record is contrary to everything that happens every day in America. I am absolutely amazed that the President has gone further than the law requires and is requiring some form of court order. 
Apparently, this bill would go even 
further, this FREEDOM Act. It is not necessary. You do not get the commu-nications. All you get is—the person may be a terrorist in Yemen, and they are making phone calls to the United States, and you check to see what those numbers are and who they may have called. You might identify a cell that is inside the United States that it is on the verge of having another 9/11, hijacking another airplane to blow up the Capitol. I mean, this is real life. 
I think we only had a couple hundred 
queries. I think that is awfully low. One reason is, I am sure, we have such a burden on it. 
I would say, let’s not overreact on 
this. Please, let’s not overreact on this. 
Former Attorney General Mukasey, a 
former Federal judge himself, has real-ly pushed back on this, and he believes it is the wrong kind of thing for us to be doing at this time. 
This is what he said: 
To impose such a burden on the NSA as the 
price of simply running a number through a database that includes neither the content of calls nor even the identity of the callers is perverse. The president said that this step may be dispensed with only in a ‘‘true emer-gency,’’ as if events unfold to a musical score with a crescendo to tell us when a ‘‘true emergency’’ is at hand. 
He was talking about the additional 
requirements the President put on it. 
One more thing. This is the way the 
system works and has worked for the last 50 years—40 years at least. A crime occurs. A prosecutor or the DEA agent investigates. They issue a subpoena to the local phone company that has these telephone toll records—the same thing you get in the mail—and they send them in response to the subpoena. They send those documents. They maintain those records. 
Now the computer systems are more 
sophisticated. There are more phone calls than ever. The numbers are by the tens of millions, probably almost billions of calls. So they are reducing the number that they are maintaining in their computers—I believe Senator C
OTTON said it was 18 months. Maybe 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.017 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2712 May 7, 2015 
they abandon or they wipe out all 
these records. Well, an investigation into terrorism may want to go back 5 years. 
The government downloads the 
records, they maintain them in this se-cure system, and they are accessible just as they had been before but actu-ally with less information than the local police get when they issue a sub-poena. 
I believe this would be a big mistake. Senator B
URR. 
Mr. BURR. I thank the Senator from 
Alabama. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent for 5 additional minutes on the majority side and 5 additional minutes on the minority side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BURR. Madam President, I am 
very curious to hear what my colleague Senator R
UBIO has to say and whether 
he is in agreement with what we have said on the floor to this point. 
Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I 
think my colleagues have made an ex-cellent point today in outlining all the details of how this program works. Let me back up and point out why we are even having this debate, other than the fact that it is expiring. It is because the perception has been created—in-cluding by political figures who serve in this Chamber—that the U.S. Govern-ment is listening to your phone calls or going through your bills as a matter of course. That is absolutely categori-cally false. 
The next time that any politician— 
Senator, Congressman—talking head, whoever it may be, stands up and says ‘‘The U.S. Government is listening to your phone calls or going through your phone records,’’ they are lying. It is not true, except for some very isolated instances—in the hundreds—of individ-uals for whom there is reasonable sus-picion that they could have links to terrorism. 
Those of us in this culture in our so-
ciety are often accused of having a short attention span. We forget that less than a year ago, Russian separat-ists shot down a commercial airliner armed by the Russians. Maybe even the Russians themselves did it. We forget that it was not long ago that Assad was using chemical weapons to slaughter people in Syria. The world moves on. 
What we should never forget is what 
happened here on the 11th of Sep-tember of the year 2001. There are a number of seminal moments in Amer-ican history that people always re-member. They remember when Presi-dent Kennedy was assassinated. Every-one in this room remembers where they were and what they were doing on that morning of the 11th of September of the year 2001 when the World Trade Center was attacked and the subse-quent attacks happened. 
Here is the truth. If this program had 
existed before 9/11, it is quite possible we would have known that 9/11 hijacker Khalid Al Mihdhar was living in San 
Diego and was making phone calls to an Al Qaeda safe house in Yemen. There is no guarantee we would have known. There is no way we can go back in time and prove it. But there is a probability we would have; therefore, there is a probability American lives could have been saved. 
This program works as follows: If the 
intelligence agencies of the United States believe there is an individual who is involved in terrorist activity—a reasonable belief—and that individual might be communicating with people as part of a plot, they have to get an order that allows them access to their phone bill. The phone bill basically tells you when they called, what num-ber they called, and how long the call was. Why does that matter? Because if I know that subject X is an individual who is involved in terrorism, of course I want to know whom they are calling. I would not be as interested in the calls to Pizza Hut or the local pharmacy, but I would be interested in calls over-seas or calls to other people because they could be part of the plot as well. That is why this is such a valuable tool. 
My colleagues have already pointed 
out that if the IRS wants your phone bill, they just have to issue a subpoena. If virtually every agency—any agency of American Government—if your local police department wants your phone bill—in fact, if you are involved in a proceeding in a civil litigation and they want access to your phone bill be-cause it is relevant to the case, they can just get a subpoena. It is part of the record. The intelligence agencies actually have to go through a number of hoops and hurdles, and that is fine. That is appropriate because these are very powerful agencies. 
I will further add that the people who 
are raising hysteria—what is the prob-lem we are solving here? There is not one single documented case, not one single documented case—there is not one single case that has been brought to us as an example of how this pro-gram is being abused. Show me the story. Give the name to the world. Show us who this individual is who is going out there and seizing the phone records of Americans improperly. There is not one example of that—not one. And if there is, that individual should be fired, prosecuted, and put in jail. The solution is not to get rid of a program at a time when we know the risk of homegrown violent extremism is the highest it has ever been. 
We used to be worried about a for-
eigner coming to the United States and carrying out an attack, and then we were worried about an American trav-eling abroad and coming back and car-rying out an attack. Now we are wor-ried about people who may never leave here, who are radicalized online and carry out an attack. 
This is not theoretical. Just last 
weekend two individuals who were in-spired by ISIS tried to carry out an at-tack in the State of Texas. One day—I 
hope that I am wrong—there will be an attack that is successful. The first question out of everyone’s mouth will be: Why didn’t we know about it? And the answer better not be because this Congress failed to authorize a program that might have helped us know about it. These people are not playing games. They don’t go on these Web sites and say the things they say for purposes of aggrandizement. This is a serious threat, and I hope we reauthorize this bill. 
Mr. BURR. Madam President, I 
thank my colleagues for their partici-pation, and I thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for their ac-commodation. 
I will conclude by saying that in the 
very near future this Congress will be presented two choices: to reauthorize a program that works or to roll back our tools to pre-9/11. I don’t believe that is what the American people want, and I don’t believe that is what Members of Congress want. 
I urge my colleagues to become edu-
cated on what this program is, what it does, and more importantly, how effec-tive it has been implemented. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
FRANK R . LAUTENBERG CHEMICAL SAFETY FOR  
THE 21ST CENTURY ACT  
Mr. UDALL. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the following Senators be added as cosponsors to S. 697, the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act, a bill to reform the Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976: Senators B
ARRASSO , BOOK-
ER, CORNYN , COTTON , ISAKSON , KAINE, 
MCCASKILL , M ERKLEY , M URKOWSKI , 
MURPHY , RUBIO, SCOTT, SHAHEEN , and 
WHITEHOUSE . 
There is a substantial list here that 
brings the total up to 36 cosponsors on this piece of legislation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. UDALL. Madam President, I 
came from a press conference on the third floor, with Chairman I
NHOFE , 
Senator V ITTER , Senator W HITEHOUSE , 
and Senator M ERKLEY , about the Frank 
R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. So I thought I would talk a little bit about what we are try-ing to do and where we are headed. 
Americans trust that when they go 
to the grocery store or when they are in their own homes, the products they reach for are safe. The current system fails that trust. It fails to provide con-fidence in our regulatory system, and it fails to provide confidence in our consumer products. We cannot let that failure continue. 
I rise today to urge support for the 
Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. It is the best chance we have—possibly for many years—to protect our kids from dan-gerous chemicals. 
The Toxic Substances Control Act of 
1976, or TSCA, is supposed to protect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.034 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2713 May 7, 2015 
American families. It does not. There 
are over 84,000 known chemicals and hundreds of new ones every year. Of all of these chemicals, how many have been regulated by the EPA? Less than half a dozen. The EPA cannot even reg-ulate asbestos, a known carcinogen, since losing a court battle in 1991. So for decades, the risks and the dangers are there, but there is no cop on the beat. 
Some States are trying to fill the 
gaps by regulating a few chemicals. But my home State of New Mexico, and the vast majority of other States, have no ability to test chemicals. They have no department to write regulations. Without a working Federal law, they have no Federal protection—no protec-tion at all. 
Even in the 7 years since California— 
which probably has the greatest capac-ity of all States to test and regulate— passed a law to regulate chemicals, it has only begun the process on three. We have an opportunity and an obliga-tion to reform our broken chemical safety law. That is why I and others have worked so hard to find com-promise. That is why I introduced the Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act. 
I have been privileged to work with 
Senator V
ITTER on this bill. I thank 
the Senator from Louisiana and our colleagues who have worked with us. This is a true bipartisan effort. We don’t always agree, but we have one goal. Reform is overdue—40 years over-due. 
Our esteemed former colleague, the 
late Senator Lautenberg, led the way for many years with great determina-tion. His bipartisan effort with Senator V
ITTER to reform TSCA was the last 
major legislation he introduced. 
Two years ago, the New York Times 
endorsed the Lautenberg-Vitter bill. The Times said correctly that previous efforts at reform had gone nowhere and the bill ‘‘deserves to be passed because it would be a significant advance over the current law.’’ 
I was honored to take over as the 
lead Democrat on the bill. Since then, I have listened to concerns, I have reached across the aisle, and I have brought everyone into the room—or at least tried to. With Senator V
ITTER we 
have improved the bill. 
By working with three of our col-
leagues on the Environment and Public Works Committee—Senators W
HITE-
HOUSE , M ERKLEY , and B OOKER —we 
made more progress. I thank them and Senator V
ITTER for coming to the table 
and working with us. 
I also thank our cosponsors. We are 
up to 36 cosponsors from both sides of the aisle—half Democrats, half Repub-licans. This is a big accomplishment. 
The bill is even stronger now with 
more protections for consumers and a stronger role for States to play in keeping their citizens safe. 
I want to talk for a moment about 
how this bill moves forward. First, the manufacturer of a new chemical cannot begin until the EPA approves it. More 
than 700 new chemicals come into com-merce each year. Our bill gives the EPA the time it needs and keeps these chemicals out of American homes in the meantime. 
Second, the current TSCA has no re-
quirement for evaluating existing chemicals—none. Our bill does and in-cludes deadlines even more aggressive than the EPA itself said it was ready for. 
Third, we require a stronger safety 
standard for all chemicals to be evalu-ated. No longer will the EPA be re-quired to choose the least burdensome regulation. Its criteria will be safety, science, and public health—never costs or convenience. 
Fourth, our bill requires, for the first 
time, that the EPA protect our most vulnerable populations—pregnant women, infants, the elderly, and work-ers—from chemicals in commerce or manufacturing. 
Fifth, TSCA is silent on animal wel-
fare and testing. The Lautenberg act minimizes animal testing and develops a strategy to do so. 
Finally, we limit the protection of 
confidential business information so that businesses cannot hide informa-tion from the public. 
Let’s be clear. We have a choice. We 
can continue with a law that has failed, we can continue to leave the American people unprotected or we can actually make a difference. I believe the choice is obvious. Our bill will make Americans safer—and not just for Americans fortunate enough to live in States with protections. All Ameri-cans, no matter where they live, will be protected. 
For those Americans in States with 
existing safeguards, that will not change. Those safeguards will stay in place. Any regulations in place as of August of this year will remain. And there is a role for States to play to help with the thousands of chemicals that the EPA will not be able to evalu-ate. But the EPA has the largest staff on chemical safety of any country in the world. They should be able to put that staff to good work. To do other-wise is wasted opportunity and contin-ued failure. 
This has not been an easy process, 
but it has been a necessary one. I be-lieve it will result in a good bill. We welcome a healthy debate, we welcome constructive amendments, and at the same time we should not lose sight of the key goal to actually pass a bill. 
I believe we can do this, and Senator 
Lautenberg, who was a great environ-mental champion, believed we could as well. He used to talk a lot about his children and grandchildren and that this bill might save more lives than anything he had ever done. 
We have a historic opportunity to 
create a chemical law that works and provides American families with the protections they expect and deserve. Let’s work together. Let’s make that happen. Let’s not wait another 40 years. I thank the Presiding Officer. 
I may speak again after Senator D
UR-
BINhas finished his statement on the 
floor. 
I thank Senator D URBIN . I have had 
some very good exchanges with him on this bill. I look forward to working through the issues that Illinois has. I know that Illinois is a big State, and the Senator cares about chemicals and chemical safety. I want to make sure the Senator is comfortable with what we have in this bill and will try to work with my colleague as we move down the road. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I 
commend my colleague from New Mex-ico. It is difficult to put in words the way I feel about his effort on this sub-ject. 
It was first brought to my attention 
when there was a series in the Chicago Tribune about fire retardant chemicals in furniture. It turned out that many people who were making furniture were putting fire retardant chemicals in the fabric of the upholstery, as well as in the cushions of chairs and couches. 
After further examination, we found 
that these chemicals were not, in fact, fire retardant, and secondly, they had 
properties that were dangerous and, frankly, should not be in our homes. 
I thought about that series over and 
over again because my wife and I have two of the cutest grandkids on Earth who are a little over 3 years old. I thought to myself: Every time I plop down on the couch to play with the kids, I am pushing down on that cush-ion and spraying those chemicals into the room. I thought long and hard about it. I didn’t know what those chemicals meant, what they could do to my grandkids or what they could do to innocent people. It never crossed my mind. 
Senator U
DALL has taken on what is 
in many ways a thankless task but a very important one—to try to come up with some standards for new chemicals so they are reviewed and so we know they are safe for Americans and for families. 
He has taken his share of grief in the 
process. I may have given him a little of grief along the way because it is a critically important subject. But he is right to invoke the name of Senator Frank Lautenberg. 
The Senator’s widow, Bonnie Lauten-
berg, was in to see me yesterday. We talked about Frank and all the things he had done over the years. He was my Senate sponsor when I was a House originator of the bill banning smoking on airplanes 25 years ago. Frank Lau-tenberg carried the flag over here in the Senate. He was my partner. 
One of the last press conferences I 
ever had with him was on this subject, the toxic chemicals and the review of these chemicals. I remember that it was right outside. 
I thank the Senator from New Mex-
ico for continuing this. I am not one of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.027 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2714 May 7, 2015 
the cosponsors, but I might be. I have 
three or four issues I want to sit down and go over with my friend and make sure I understand them and maybe sug-gest some changes. But I commend the 
Senator for sticking with this. I know it has not been easy. There are those who disagree with him, even within our own caucus. 
Again, I thank the Senator for try-
ing, on a bipartisan basis, to deal with an issue that we should deal with as a nation. I commend the Senator for that. I thank the Senator from New Mexico for his leadership. 
FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES  
Madam President, for several years I 
have been coming to the floor and giv-ing speeches—which some of the staff here can repeat because they have heard them so often—about the for- profit colleges and universities in America. I always preface my talk about these for-profit colleges and uni-versities by saying: I am going to give you three numbers that are going to be on the final. So get out your pen and paper, students, because this will be on the final. 
Ten percent of college students go to 
for-profit colleges and universities. Who are the for-profit colleges and uni-versities? The biggest ones are the Uni-versity of Phoenix, Kaplan University, DeVry University, and many others that I will mention. Ten percent of col-lege students go to these colleges and universities that are run for profit. How do they find them? They cannot avoid them. Ask a high school student when the last time was that they logged in on the Internet with the word ‘‘college’’ or ‘‘university’’ and whether they were not inundated for ads to go to for-profit schools. They are on bill-boards and on television. They are ev-erywhere. So 10 percent of students go to these schools. That is the first ques-tion on the final. 
The second question: What percent-
age of Federal aid to education goes to for-profit colleges and universities? The answer is 20 percent—20 percent of Federal aid to education. Why so much? Ten percent of the students and 20 percent of the Federal aid? These schools aren’t cheap. They charge a lot of money. Students have to borrow a lot more money to go to school. 
So the Federal aid to education, 
which includes student loans to for- profit schools, is 20 percent. Ten per-cent of the students; 20 percent of the Federal aid to education. 
But here is the important number: 44. 
Forty-four percent of all of the student loan defaults in the United States are from students at for-profit colleges and universities. Why? Well, there are two reasons—maybe more but two that are obvious. They accept everyone. If a student is low income—particularly a minority student—they can’t wait to bring them in the door. Why? Because they automatically qualify for about $5,000 in Pell grants that the school can get right away, and they automatically qualify for college loans because their family doesn’t have a lot of money. So 
those are the great opportunity stu-dents: low-income students. 
What happens to those students? 
They start in these schools. They sign up and pay to the schools what they can afford. They take their grant money and give it to the schools, and then they sign up for student loans and they start their classes. Then they find, for a variety of reasons, they can’t continue. Maybe they are not ready for college. Maybe—just maybe— they start adding up all of the loans they have taken out and say, I have to stop; it is getting too much—because the indebtedness of students coming out of for-profit colleges and univer-sities is twice what it is for those who go to public universities. It is a very expensive undertaking. 
Then there is the other category: 
those who finally finish at these for- profit colleges and universities but can’t get a job. One of them was at a press conference with me last Monday in Chicago—a sweet young woman who was born in West Virginia and raised in Eastern Kentucky. She moved to Chi-cago, went to Everest College in Chi-cago, a for-profit school owned by Co-rinthian Colleges. She didn’t quite fin-ish, but she spent several years there. Then she learned something after she went out looking for a job. The em-ployers would look at her and say: Co-rinthian, that is not a good college. Why did you go there? Don’t put that on your resume. Stop putting that on your resume because it makes you look bad. 
Here she is in debt $20,000 to this for- 
profit college and her employers are saying stop putting that on your re-sume; it is not a real college. 
This poor young woman, now in City 
Colleges, is trying, at a very young age, to put it back together again. 
So that is where we start: for-profit 
colleges and universities, 10 percent of the students, 20 percent of the Federal aid to education, and 44 percent of all of the student loan defaults. 
I have been giving this speech on the 
floor for literally years saying some-thing is wrong. Why are we accrediting these schools that have such dismal records? Why are we looking the other way when the students who go to these schools have massive debt and can’t pay back their student loans? When are we going to wake up as a Federal Gov-ernment and stop shoveling hundreds of millions—and billions—of dollars at this industry? 
For-profit colleges and universities’ 
share of Federal aid to education—if it were a separate line item in the Fed-eral budget, would be the ninth largest Federal agency. That is how much money we send to these people. These are for-profit, private sector compa-nies—baloney. Their revenues—80 to 95 percent of their revenues come right from the Treasury. This is the most heavily subsidized industry in America. 
But now something historic has hap-
pened. Corinthian Colleges, one of the largest for-profit colleges and univer-
sities, announced its bankruptcy last week, and that isn’t the end of the story. Yesterday, Career Education Corporation, headquartered in my home State of Illinois, announced it would teach out, which means close, its 14 Sanford-Brown institutions across the country and online. This follows the decision to close its Harrington College of Design in Chicago and to look for a buyer for its Le Cordon Bleu culinary schools. Ever heard of those? I can guarantee my colleagues that high school kids have heard of them. I have run into students at these places. 
Harrington College of Design. I can-
not tell my colleagues how many stu-dents went there, took out the loans, and found out it was worthless, and then contacted my office and asked, What are we supposed to do next? 
I had a hearing on for-profit colleges 
and universities in Chicago and there were students from these for-profit col-leges picketing ‘‘Durbin is unfair.’’ I went out to the students and I said: Where do you go to school? 
One student said: I go to the Insti-
tute of Art of Chicago. Now, there is a Chicago Art Institute, but this play on words turned out to be significant. 
I said: What are you studying there? The student said: I am going to be a 
super chef. 
Oh, really. How much is it going to 
cost you to take the culinary courses to be a super chef? 
It is $54,000 in tuition. 
To be a chef? I have asked the major 
restaurants in Chicago; they don’t even want to see those degrees. They don’t look for them. They don’t value them. These poor kids, these young men and women who watch these cooking shows on TV and get all caught up in it and say, That is for me, end up getting suckered into these schools. 
Le Cordon Bleu is another one. Le 
Cordon Bleu—doesn’t that sound great? My wife has a cookbook that says that on it. These students quickly sign up for this French-sounding culinary school and get in debt and deeply in trouble. Now they are in more trouble because the school is in the process of going out of business. 
In a public statement about their de-
cision, CEO Ron McCray of Career Edu-cation Corporation blamed a more dif-ficult higher education environment and challenging regulatory environ-ment. Do people know what the chal-lenge is? The Department of Education is finally challenging these schools when they say to the Department, Oh, our kids all get jobs—when they grad-uate, they all get jobs. 
When they challenged Corinthian 
Colleges, here is what they found out. Corinthian graduates would be em-ployed—check the box—after they graduate for about 30 days, sometimes less. Corinthian had cooked a deal with employers to hire their graduates for 30 days, and it paid them to do it, and they were caught redhanded and even-tually went out of business. Fraud— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.028 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2715 May 7, 2015 
fraud in reporting to the government, 
fraud on the taxpayers leading to the collapse of Corinthian Colleges. 
Career Education Corporation, inci-
dentally, is under investigation—this for-profit school—by 17 different State attorneys general relating to recruit-ment practices and graduate placement statistics, among other things. In 2013, this company, Career Education Cor-poration, settled with the New York attorney general for 10 million bucks. The company is on the Heightened Cash Monitoring list, meaning they are suspect, of the U.S. Department of Education. 
What else happened yesterday? This 
is all within the last 2 weeks. 
Education Management Corpora-
tion—EDMC—announced that it was going to close 15 of these art institute campuses. Remember that one? I told my colleagues about that costs $54,000 tuition to become a cook? They are going to close 15 of these campuses, in-cluding reportedly one in Tinley Park, IL. They have been financially fal-tering for some time. They had re-cently tried to do a debt restructuring which apparently didn’t work. They are currently being sued by the Depart-ment of Justice for false claims viola-tions. 
The Justice Department alleges that 
this one, Education Management Cor-poration, falsely certified compliance with provisions of the Federal law that prohibit the university from paying fi-nancial incentives to its admissions staff that is tied to the number of stu-dents they recruit. We made it a law that said you can’t pay a bounty for bringing in kids and signing up in the school. They did it anyway. 
In addition, this company is under 
investigation by 17 State attorneys general, just like the other one, related to, among other things, marketing and recruitment. EDMC is also on the De-partment of Education’s Heightened Cash Monitoring list. 
Let me say a word about ITT Tech. 
We have to watch the names of these places because they sound like real schools. We have an Illinois Institute of Technology that is a real university, one of the best in the Nation—one of the best in the world—when it comes to engineering and science. So along comes a for-profit school and makes a little change. It is ITT Tech, hoping the Illinois students will not catch it. They are another company under heavy scrutiny. 
They have been sued by the Con-
sumer Financial Protection Bureau for predatory lending to students. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau alleges that ITT pushed students into high-cost private loans that they knew were going to end in default. Some-times these students are still eligible for government loans at low interest rates and good terms and these schools don’t care. They push them into pri-vate loans with high interest rates. 
Do my colleagues know how high the 
interest rates on the student loans were from private lenders to these kids 
at ITT Tech? How about 16.25 percent. Think about that for a minute. At a time when the interest rates in our country are at rock bottom, these kids were paying 16 percent to the lenders for private loans. 
There is something else we should 
know. Unlike virtually any other loan that we take out in America, student loans are not dischargeable in bank-ruptcy. No matter how deep a hole these kids get into—and their fami-lies—no matter how deep the hole, if they go bankrupt over student loans, they can’t discharge them in bank-ruptcy. Student loans follow you to the grave. That is what these kids at age 19 and 20 are getting into. Sadly, these for-profit schools are dragging them in that direction. 
The Consumer Financial Protection 
Bureau believes ITT misrepresented the basics, including how often you can get a job, the quality of the diploma. Does this sound familiar? It is a recur-ring theme in this industry. ITT is under investigation by everybody in sight: 15 State attorneys general, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the New Mexico attorney general is suing them, and ITT is on the Depart-ment of Education’s Heightened Cash Monitoring list. 
What happens when these schools go 
bankrupt, when they close or teach out and finish? Well, Corinthian ended up closing many of their campuses a week or so ago and now the students who are in debt because they went to school there have an opportunity. They can walk away from the credits they earned at a Corinthian college and then walk away from their college debt as-sociated with them since their school closed. But some of these other stu-dents will not be so lucky. They will have ended their education at these worthless schools and have a mountain of debt to show for it and the school will go out of business. 
This isn’t fair. There comes a point 
where we are supposed to step in, the government is supposed to step in. This is our money, hundreds of millions of dollars from taxpayers going to these rotten schools that are abusing stu-dents, leaving them deeply in debt and then going out of business. 
We shouldn’t be surprised to learn 
that the CEOs of these schools do quite well. The CEO of Corinthian College that went bankrupt: $3 million a year— not bad for what turned out to be a fraudulent enterprise. 
That is why this week I joined sev-
eral of my colleagues and sent a letter to the Department of Justice. The De-partment of Education said we don’t know how to go after these individual wrongdoers at these for-profit college corporations. So we said to the Attor-ney General: We hope you will inves-tigate this. Take a look at it. If you cheat on your income tax or you de-fraud the government, you are going to be held responsible for it. Why shouldn’t these people who took hun-dreds of millions of dollars not only 
from Federal taxpayers but at the ex-pense of students now burdened with the debt of their schools also be inves-tigated? I think it only stands to rea-son they should be. 
Madam President, I have another 
statement to make, but I see two of my colleagues. I will come back a little later in the day. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
Mr. UDALL. Madam President, I 
would ask the Chair to notify me when I have consumed 5 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be so notified. 
Mr. UDALL. Madam President, I rise 
to support the President’s negotiations with the P5+1 and Iran and to speak about the tremendous work—especially at our national laboratories—to create a framework agreement that meets the scientific requirements to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. 
I also wish to express my support for 
the Corker-Menendez bill as passed by the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. 
Congress must have an oversight 
role; there is no doubt about that. While I do not believe this bill is nec-essary to have such a role, I do believe it is the best compromise to ensure a congressional oversight role without weakening the President’s hand to con-tinue critical negotiations. 
First, let’s be clear, we all agree on 
one basic point: a nuclear-armed Iran is a serious threat. No one doubts this. No one questions the history of Iran’s deception. That history is well docu-mented and the danger is evident. This is the greatest nuclear nonproliferation challenge of our time. It is of tremen-dous import to our Nation, to the Mid-dle East region, and to our ally, Israel. It is a challenge we must meet. We do not disagree on the danger; we disagree on the response. 
The Corker-Menendez bill is truly bi-
partisan. It passed the Foreign Rela-tions Committee on which I am proud to serve unanimously. I wish to thank Chairman C
ORKER and Ranking Mem-
ber C ARDIN for their leadership and all 
of their hard work to find a com-promise solution. This is a solid bill. It gives Congress the opportunity to re-view a final agreement, to hold hear-ings and ask tough questions, and it creates an orderly method for Congress to approve or disapprove of any final agreement, providing more than enough time for both. 
The administration still has work to 
do and needs time to do it. I believe the framework agreement has promise to 
stop Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon, to protect Israel, and to pre-vent a new war in the Middle East. And it would take longer for Iran to secure the nuclear materials needed to make a bomb. As a result the United States and its allies would have much more time to respond if Iran attempted to break out and build a nuclear weapon. 
This is not speculation. This is not 
wishful thinking. Energy Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.031 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2716 May 7, 2015 
Moniz and Secretary of State John 
Kerry make this commitment clear. If anyone doubts this, visit our nuclear security experts at the labs in New Mexico, California, and Oak Ridge, TN, 
or Argonne in Illinois. Talk to the en-gineers and scientists who know the most about nuclear weapons and what is needed to make them. 
The Secretary said in his recent op- 
ed in the Washington Post: 
An important part of the parameters is a 
set of restrictions that would significantly increase the time it would take Iran to produce the nuclear material needed for a weapon—the breakout time—if it pursued one. The current breakout time is just two to three months . . . that would increase to at least a year for more than 10 years, more than enough time to mount an effective re-sponse. 
Secretary Moniz goes on to say: ‘‘The 
negotiated parameters would block Iran’s four pathways to a nuclear weap-on—the path through plutonium pro-duction at the Arak reactor, two paths to a uranium weapon through the Natanz and Fordow enrichment facili-ties, and the path of covert activity.’’ 
These negotiations must continue. 
The President and his team must have room to proceed. Let’s not kid our-selves. This process is complex. It is daunting. Success is not guaranteed. 
I will oppose any amendments to the 
Corker-Menendez bill that would tie the President’s hands. Efforts such as the letter sent by 47 Members of this body and other efforts to derail nego-tiations only serve to confound and weaken our position. Politics must stop at the water’s edge. 
The Senate will have ample time to 
review any agreement and to approve or reject any agreement. But our de-bate is within these halls. It is with each other and with our fellow Sen-ators and with our President. The Aya-tollah has no place in that debate. The Congress should give the President the room he needs to negotiate. This is a world of imperfect choices. And if ne-gotiations fail, make no mistake, our options are limited and likely costly. 
We are dealing with an unstable re-
gion. Use of force or regime change has unforeseen consequences. That path may seem simple. It is not. Both recent history in Iraq and the history of our interactions with Iran in the 20th cen-tury surely have taught us that much. 
Senators C
ORKER and C ARDIN have 
given us a solid bill, one that is in the best tradition of the Senate and in the best interest of our country. I com-mend them for this, and I urge my col-leagues to support the bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Madam President, I 
rise to speak on the Corker-Menendez Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. As I have said from the start, biparti-sanship on this legislation has always been the key to making sure that Con-gress has the ability to review any agreement with Iran—a nation that we cannot trust. It is critically important that bipartisanship is preserved. As we head to a 2 o’clock vote on clo-
ture to move forward on this bill, let me just say I want to thank Chairman C
ORKER for his leadership. I want to 
thank Ranking Member C ARDIN for 
taking up the cause and for helping to bring this legislation to this point, starting with a unanimous vote out of the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. At the end of the day, we can pass a bipartisan bill almost as Senator C
ORKER and I first envisioned it. 
It has been a long and difficult proc-
ess. There has been debate, disagree-ment, and some amendments, but we have almost reached the finish line. Despite the good intentions—and I would say the good intentions of many of the amendments, some which I agree with—we cannot risk a Presidential veto. And we cannot at the end of the day risk giving up congressional review and judgment. 
That is the critical core issue before 
the Senate. Will we have congressional review and judgment on probably the most significant nuclear nonprolifera-tion national security—global secu-rity—question, I think, of our time? We cannot risk having no oversight role, and without the passage of this legisla-tion, we will have missed an oppor-tunity to send a clear message to Tehran. 
As we near the finish line and, hope-
fully, agree to govern as we should, I believe we will ultimately pass legisla-tion without destroying what Senator C
ORKER and I carefully crafted and was 
passed unanimously out of the com-mittee. From the beginning, we fash-ioned language to ensure that Congress plays a critical role in judging any final agreement. I want to also recog-nize Senator K
AINE, who had signifi-
cant input as we were devising the bill, for his support. 
The bill we crafted was intended to 
ensure that if the P5+1 and Iran ulti-mately achieved a comprehensive agreement by the June deadline, Con-gress would have a say in judging that agreement. A core element of the framework agreement that is the foun-dation of the negotiations leading into June is about sanctions relief as a core point, at least from the Iranian per-spective. The sanctions relief that the administration is proposing is at the heart of these negotiations from their perspective. For us, it is about their nuclear infrastructure and their drive for a nuclear weapon. Why are they seated in negotiations in the first place? As the administration itself rec-ognized, it is because of the sanctions. Well, the sanctions were crafted by Congress and enacted by Congress, and we should be the ones to make a deter-mination as to whether or not it is ap-propriate to relieve those sanctions. 
I have to say, as one of the authors of 
those sanctions, I never envisioned a wholesale waiver of sanctions against Iran without congressional input and without congressional action. The mes-sage I believe we can send to Iran—and I hope we will do it powerfully—is that sanctions relief is not a given and it is 
not a prize for signing on the dotted line. 
Make no mistake. Having said that I 
hope we can have a strong bipartisan vote on this bill, I have serious ques-tions about the framework agreement as it stands today, from the different understandings that both sides have of the agreement—which is, I guess, part of the challenge of not committing it to one document in writing—and about the pace of sanctions relief. I increas-ingly get alarmed that there is a sug-gestion that there will be greater up-front sanctions relief. I don’t believe that Iran should get a signing bonus. I am concerned about the recent state-ment by the President that he could 
consider greater sanctions relief com-ing upfront for Iran. I have real ques-tions about where the spectrum is of Iran’s research and development au-thority as we move forward and how far they can advance their research and development as it relates to nuclear power. Greater research and develop-ment means, among other things, more sophisticated centrifuges that can spin faster and dramatically reduce break-out time towards a nuclear bomb. 
I am concerned about the ability to 
snap back sanctions if there are viola-tions of any agreement. Certainly, what I have seen in the first instance— which sounds like a committee proc-ess—doesn’t guarantee that a snapback will take place or that it will be done in a timely fashion. Ultimately, snap-back, in and of itself, is a challenge be-cause it doesn’t recognize the time it takes for sanctions actually to take ef-fect. So even if you snap them back and say that we won’t have to go to the law again to have them take place, to have them take effect and to pursue enforcement, we have learned that it takes time, and time is something that is ultimately not on our side. 
I am concerned about the Inter-
national Atomic Energy Administra-tion’s inability to obtain at any time and place snap inspections. We have al-ready heard the Iranians say they are balking at that. They are also balking about the possibility that the IAEA be-lieves that such a location might be on a military installation. They are say-ing: Oh, no, we are not going to allow any of our military installations to be inspected. That is a surefire way to guarantee that if you want ultimately to violate a deal, then do it at a mili-tary site where you are not allowing inspections to take place. 
I am concerned that I hear the ad-
ministration is trying to differentiate between the Iranian Revolutionary Guard and the Quds Force to provide greater sanctions relief. Both, as far as I am concerned, are terrorist groups. As far as I am concerned, they are clearly covered by U.S. law. So trying to get the Treasury Department to dif-ferentiate is really problematic and concerning. 
I am deeply disturbed that the agree-
ment does not speak to the long-estab-lished condition that Iran must come 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.018 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2717 May 7, 2015 
completely clean on the question of 
their possible weaponization of their nuclear program. We need to know how far along Iran has progressed in their weaponization so that we can under-stand those consequences as it relates to other breakout time issues. 
Above all, I am concerned that when 
you read about the framework agree-ment, while it does talk about some-thing in longer timeframes, the core question as to when Iran could advance its nuclear program in a way they want to—and which I think is problematic— is that the expiration is 10 years. Does that mean we are ultimately destined to have Iran as a nuclear weapons State after that period of time? That cannot be and should not be the ulti-mate result. 
I state all of those concerns to say to 
my colleagues that, even though I pas-sionately believe this legislation is critical for us, it is not that I don’t have concerns. This legislation is the vehicle by which we can judge. Now, maybe these issues will be resolved in a negotiation. I don’t know. Ultimately, without this vehicle we have no final say on an agreement, and we have no oversight role with established param-eters for compliance. 
I am concerned that the sanctions re-
lief comes without what appears to be a broader Iran policy, in terms of how we contain its acts of terrorism. It clearly is the largest State sponsor of terrorism. We see its hegemonic inter-ests. We see it as a major patron of Assad in Syria, what is happening in Yemen, what is happening in different parts of the region. I am concerned about its missile technology. So there are a lot of elements here of concern at the end of the day. 
I would say to my colleagues who feel 
passionately about some of these amendments they have offered, this isn’t the only bill in which we could consider these issues. I stand ready to work with colleagues immediately on pursuing other concerns, such as mis-sile technology, terrorism, their human rights violations, their anti- Semitism, and the Americans who are being held hostage; and to look at ei-ther sanctions or enhanced sanctions that may already exist on those ele-ments that we should be considering and which are separate and apart from the nuclear program. I would be more than willing to work with my col-leagues to deal with all of those issues. 
I will say that even as we have 
worked to give the administration the space to negotiate and believe very passionately in this legislation, it bothers me enormously that just last week Reuters reported that Great Brit-ain informed the United Nations sanc-tions panel on April 20 of an active Ira-nian nuclear procurement network, ap-parently linked to two blacklisted firms, Iran’s Centrifuge Technology Company, called TESA, and Kalay Electric Company, KEC. 
If what Great Britain brought before 
the U.N. Security Council sanctions panel is true, how can we trust Iran to 
end its nuclear weapons ambitions and not be a threat to its neighbors when, even as we are negotiating with them, they are trying to acquire illicitly ma-terials for their nuclear weapons pro-gram in the midst of the negotiations? 
Forgetting about everything they are 
doing in Yemen and Syria, forgetting about their hostility to ships in the Strait of Hormuz, forgetting about their actions of terrorism, this is square-on trying to ultimately use front companies to get materials for their nuclear program. So we cannot build this on trust alone. I know the administration says we are not going to trust them, we are going to verify, but it goes beyond that. 
It can’t be a fleeting hope that Iran 
will comply with the provisions and change their stripes. I believe they will not. It cannot be built from the aspira-tions or good intentions, like the North Korea deal, not when Iran continues to sponsor terrorism, not while it asserts its interests from Yemen to Bahrain, from Iraq to Lebanon, not as events in Syria continue to worsen. 
I just had the U.N. relief coordinator 
in on Syria. This is a human tragedy of unimaginable proportions. We have be-come almost desensitized. We do not hear about it on the Senate floor any-more. It is all supported, encouraged, and financed by Tehran, and not while Iran ’s fingerprints remain in the dust of the bombings of Israel’s Embassy and Jewish community center in Ar-gentina, even as it seeks to bargain with that country’s leaders for absolu-tion. 
That is the Iran we are dealing with. 
That is the state we are being asked to hope will change. Well, hope is not a national security solution when it comes to dealing with Iran. Congress having a say on any final agreement is critical to how we deal with Iran. So I urge my colleagues to have a strong vote on cloture and I hope, after that, a unanimous vote on passage. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The Senator from Oregon. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
to address legislation before us, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015, which sets up a deliberate process for congressional review of a final nu-clear agreement with Iran. The United States, our citizens, our President, and probably every Member of the Senate and House stand united in our commit-ment to prevent Iran from securing a nuclear weapon. 
Nuclear proliferation is a huge dan-
ger to human civilization on our plan-et. The more nations that possess nu-clear weapons, the more opportunities there are for misunderstandings be-tween nations to trigger first use of a nuclear weapon. The more nations that possess nuclear weapons, the more op-portunities there are for failures in command and control to result in the unintended use of a weapon. 
The more nations that possess nu-
clear weapons, the more opportunities there are for terrorist groups to gain 
acquisition of a weapon. Certainly, the possibility of Iran possessing a nuclear weapon poses special security concerns. The Middle East is being torn asunder by longstanding conflicts and chal-lenges. If Iran acquires a nuclear weap-on, then other nations like Saudi Ara-bia are likely to also seek to secure a nuclear weapon. 
Moreover, in the fervent rivalry be-
tween Shia Islam and Sunni Islam, which brings powers into bloody and extensive conflict from Syria, to Yemen, to Iraq, there are abundant scenarios that could generate potential use of a nuclear weapon, either through misunderstandings or misguided per-ceptions of military advantage. None of us will ever forget that the Govern-ment of Iran has put forth a steady stream of invectives against our close ally Israel calling for her destruction. 
Iran’s possession of a nuclear weapon 
would pose a very real threat to the ex-istence of the State of Israel. For all of these reasons, Americans are united. Our 100 Senators are united in believ-ing it is imperative that Iran does not secure a nuclear weapon, but the ques-tion we must debate and resolve is, Which strategy is most effective to achieve this outcome? There are three basic options: a negotiated dismantle-ment of Iran’s nuclear weapons pro-gram with an intrusive inspection and verification regime to ensure Iran is keeping its word; second, a reliance on indefinite extension of tough multi-national economic sanctions in hopes that will continue to dissuade Iran from pursuing a nuclear weapons pro-gram; third, a military option designed to destroy critical components of Iran’s nuclear weapons infrastructure. Of these options, for reasons I will ex-plain in due course, the first is the far superior option. To understand this set of possibilities, however, we have to understand the current situation. The United States has imposed sanctions against Iran since 1979. 
Many of the sanctions Iran faced in 
that time from 2008 were unilateral. These sanctions, however, were largely ineffective. Iran’s trade with the United States was diminished, but sanctions had little overall effect be-cause Iran was able to continue trading through other nations. 
President Obama, coming into office 
in 2009, saw this clearly. He recognized the importance of enforcing existing U.N. resolutions, passing stronger ones, and convincing our allies to go beyond those resolutions and truly tighten the web of restrictions on Iran’s trade and finances. The result was coordinated with the P5+1—France, United King-dom, Germany, United States, Russia, and China. 
These multilateral sanctions have 
come about in several phases. In 2010, Congress enacted a series of sanctions targeting Iran’s banking and oil sec-tors. In 2011, section 1245 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 was passed. In 2012, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.019 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2718 May 7, 2015 
passed the Iran Threat Reduction Act 
and Syria Human Rights Act. In 2013, we passed the Iran Freedom and Counter-Proliferation Act. Those sanc-tions—the American sanctions—and the multilateral sanctions have had an enormous impact on the economy of Iran. 
Their crude oil exports fell from 
around 2.5 million barrels per day in 2011 to about 1.1 million barrels per day at the end of 2013. Trade between Eu-rope and Iran plunged. It plunged from almost $32 billion in 2005 to about $9 billion today. Iran’s economy has taken a huge hit. Iran’s current Presi-dent was elected on a platform of nego-tiating with the goal of alleviating the enormous economic impact created by the sanctions. 
The sanctions have accomplished 
their intended goal. They have brought Iran to the negotiating table in search of an agreement based on a simple, straightforward formulation. Iran will forgo a nuclear weapons program if the international coalition will, in return, lift its devastatingly effective sanc-tions. 
That is the background to the nego-
tiations underway today between Iran and the P5+1. But when these negotia-tions got into full motion, they were not just about talking, they agreed on a set of conditions to free and, to some degree, reverse elements of Iran’s do-mestic nuclear program, not waiting until the conclusion of the negotia-tions but as a condition of the negotia-tions. 
This Joint Plan of Action or JPA 
that Iran and the P5+1 agreed to has a substantial number of elements. I will mention a few. First, Iran has to re-frain from any further advances of its activities at three critical nuclear fa-cilities: at the Fordow underground uranium enrichment facility, at the Natanz underground commercial scale uranium enrichment facility, and fur-ther activity at the Arak heavy water reactor that could—that reactor could, when completed, produce plutonium that could be utilized in a bomb. 
Second, Iran, in this Joint Plan of 
Action, has agreed to provide the Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency, or IAEA, with additional information about its nuclear programs, as well as access to sensitive nuclear-related fa-cilities, to which Iran’s IAEA safe-guards agreement does not require ac-cess. 
Third, and again as a condition of the 
negotiations, Iran agreed not to produce 20 percent enriched uranium. That is a form of uranium—uranium hexafluoride or enriched uranium—in Iran’s stockpile that has caused the most concern. Fourth, Iran has agreed to fully eliminate its existing stockpile of 20 percent enriched uranium by di-luting half of that stockpile to ura-nium hexafluoride, containing no more than 5 percent of uranium 235, and con-verting the rest of the material to a uranium compound unsuitable for fur-ther enrichment. These conditions, in effect as I speak 
on the floor of the Senate, have not only frozen Iran’s nuclear program dur-ing the negotiations, they have also given the P5+1 coalition members enor-mously improved understanding of Iran’s nuclear program. That under-standing of Iran’s program has in-creased the ability of the P5+1 to shape a framework for a final agreement de-signed to block all the possible path-ways to a nuclear weapon. 
There are four Iranian pathways to a 
bomb. One pathway is to utilize fissile material from the Fordow underground uranium enrichment facility. This is the secret uranium facility—formerly secret uranium facility—built deep un-derground beneath a base of the Ira-nian Revolutionary Guard, massively reinforced with concrete and steel to enable it to withstand most bombing assaults. 
The second pathway is to utilize 
fissile uranium made in the Natanz un-derground enrichment facility. The third pathway is to utilize, at some fu-ture point, plutonium processed from spent fuel at the Arak heavy water re-actor. I say at some future point be-cause this reactor is still under con-struction. The fourth pathway is to utilize covert operations to acquire or to make sufficient fissile material for a bomb. 
On April 2, last month, Iran and the 
P5+1 coalition announced a framework for a joint comprehensive plan of ac-tion on Iran’s nuclear program in-tended to address and block all four of these pathways to a bomb. Now, as re-ported by the State Department, I am going to review a few of those details of this framework. These are essentially the bones of the agreement that have to be fleshed out in the weeks to fol-low. 
Let’s talk first about the Fordow, 
this deep underground, massively rein-forced, formerly secret uranium en-richment facility. Iran would repurpose Fordow for peaceful nuclear research. Iran would not retain any fissile mate-rial at this installation. They would not enrich uranium at this facility. Iran would remove approximately two- thirds of the centrifuges. The remain-ing centrifuges and related infrastruc-ture would be placed under IAEA moni-toring. 
Let’s turn to Natanz. Here are a few 
of the restrictions to the second path-way—second possible pathway for an Iranian nuclear weapon. Iran would re-move the 1,000 IR–2M centrifuges cur-rently installed at Natanz and place them under IAEA monitoring for 10 years. Iran would engage in limited re-search and development with some of its advanced centrifuges according to a schedule and parameters agreed to by the P5+1. 
Iran would use only its less-efficient 
first-generation centrifuges to enrich uranium at Natanz, a process that would be closely monitored. Beyond 10 years, Iran would abide by its enrich-ment R&D plan submitted to the IAEA under the addition protocol, resulting 
in certain limitations on enrichment capacity. 
Let’s turn to the third pathway. That 
is the possibility of plutonium secured from nuclear fuel used at this heavy water reactor. To block this pathway to a nuclear bomb, Iran would agree to ship all of its spent fuel out of the country and to not build a reprocessing facility for such nuclear fuel. 
Iran would redesign and rebuild its 
heavy water reactor in Arak based on a design that is agreed to by the P5+1. 
The original core of that reactor, 
which would enable the production of significant quantities of weapons-grade plutonium, would be destroyed or re-moved from the country, and Iran would not build any additional heavy water reactors. 
Finally, the framework provides 
major design—provides high confidence that Iran is not employing covert oper-ations to develop a bomb. This is the fourth pathway, the covert pathway. 
Under the agreement, the IAEA 
would have regular access to all of Iran’s nuclear facilities, including Natanz and Fordow. Inspectors would have access to the supply chains, start-ing with the uranium mines, the ura-nium milling. They would have contin-uous surveillance at the uranium mills. They would have continuous surveil-lance of Iran’s centrifuges. 
In addition, all of the centrifuges and 
enrichment infrastructure removed from Fordow and Natanz would be placed under continuous monitoring by the IAEA. 
Iran and the P5+1 would establish a 
dedicated procurement channel for Iran’s nuclear program to monitor and approve the supply, sale, or transfer to Iran of certain nuclear-related and dual-use materials and technology. 
Iran would be required to grant the 
IAEA access to investigate suspicious sites or allegations of a covert enrich-ment facility, conversion facility, cen-trifuge production facility, or yellowcake production facility any-where in the country. 
Iran would implement an agreed set 
of measures to address IAEA’s concerns regarding the possible military dimen-sions of its program. 
Many of the framework elements I 
have just described are to last 10 years. Some have a lifetime of 15, 20, or 25 years under this initial framework. So this framework, as many have pointed out, does not lock into place all of these elements for an eternity. But by building a deep cooperation, consulta-tion, and coordination over a 10-year period, we create the best possible chance of forging a long-term enduring agreement that will preclude the pro-liferation of nuclear weapons in the Middle East. 
The challenge now is to take this 
framework as articulated by the State Department and generate detailed agreement language. That will not be an easy task. Already, you can tell the complexities from just the elements I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 May 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.020 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2719 May 7, 2015 
have mentioned on each of these four 
pathways. 
Earlier, I noted that while Senators 
are united in believing we must pre-vent Iran from acquiring a nuclear bomb, there is disagreement over the best strategy. I have laid out the main elements of the negotiated strategy, but in addition to the negotiated verified dismantling of Iran’s nuclear program, there are two other options that are widely discussed. 
One option that has been articulated 
by Members of this Chamber and oth-ers would be simply to end negotia-tions and try to continue with an in-tensified, multilateral sanctions re-gime. It is important to note, however, that if you end negotiations, it means an end to the measures that are cur-rently in place, measures in place today as I speak on this Senate floor. It would mean an end to the freeze on construction of the Arak reactor; an end to the negotiated elimination of stockpiles or the modification of the 20-percent enriched uranium; an end to the inspections of Iran’s nuclear facili-ties and infrastructure, which has en-abled us to learn so much about their activities. 
Moreover, without any interim 
agreement on inspections, Iran could decide to vastly expand its nuclear pro-gram—an outcome that is in direct contradiction of the security interests of the United States and our allies. 
Furthermore, there is no guarantee 
that if the United States ends negotia-tions, multilateral sanctions would survive. If our partners in the P5+1 be-lieve the United States has delib-erately undermined the success of the negotiations, the partners may very well be unwilling to maintain and en-force a strong, multilateral sanctions regime. And that is not just specula-tion. Representatives from Britain, France, and Germany have conveyed strong concerns that to undermine the negotiations to withdraw could frac-ture the international coalition that has made the sanctions effective. 
Where are we, then? Without effec-
tive multilateral sanctions, Iran would have achieved its top negotiating ob-jectives. Its economy would improve, and the pressure to make concessions on nuclear activities and international monitoring would evaporate. 
In short, pursuing aggressive sanc-
tions as an alternative to negotiations could have disastrous consequences, with our major objectives undermined, Iran’s economy improved, and Iran’s nuclear program unleashed—an out-come that would further degrade inter-national security. 
The third option discussed in this 
Chamber is to destroy Iran’s nuclear infrastructure through military force. 
Advocates for the use of force point 
to Israel’s 1981 attack on Saddam Hus-sein’s Osirak reactor in Iraq and Israel’s 2007 destruction of a Syrian re-actor. Advocates for this military op-tion paint a picture in which a small group of American bombers conduct limited strikes using bunker buster 
bombs. Thus, they argue, the United States could easily break key links in a nuclear fuel cycle and set Iran’s pro-gram back by 3 to 5 years. 
This simplistic analysis is way off 
the mark. Military experts paint a very different picture. I encourage all of my colleagues to read the analysis pre-pared by the Center For Strategic and International Studies entitled ‘‘Ana-lyzing the Impact of Preventive Strikes against Iran’s Nuclear Facili-ties,’’ revised September 10, 2012. This analysis recognizes that a competent campaign would involve many com-plicated offensive and defensive ele-ments. Here are a few of them: an ex-tensive strategy to diminish Iranian anti-aircraft radars, missiles, and bat-teries; an extensive strategy to destroy Iran’s ballistic missiles and other weapons Iran could use in a retaliatory strike; an extensive strategy for the di-rect assault on Iran’s nuclear facilities; extensive refueling and supply logis-tics; a rigorous strategy to prevent Iran from shutting down the Strait of Hormuz; extensive strategies to protect neighboring Gulf States and Israel from retaliatory fights; and a huge ef-fort to defend against asymmetrical at-tacks on American assets throughout the world. 
That is just a modest list of the com-
plexities of the military option. I again encourage folks to read the analyses by serious military analysts. Hopefully you get the picture. There is nothing quick, nothing easy about a military option. 
Moreover, retaliatory threats to the 
United States and our allies might come from sources other than Iran. At-tacks by Shia groups or a nation sym-pathetic to Iran are a possibility. 
One thing is clear: The course of war 
is messy and unpredictable. What we can be sure of is that in the chaos and complexity of war, there will be signifi-cant detrimental developments. We know this because it is true of vir-tually every war ever fought. 
Our recent history provides more 
than enough evidence that, once un-leashed, a military option that looks simple in the beginning can be very dif-ficult to control and very costly. 
Ask yourself this question: Which 
American leaders thought that our ef-forts to eliminate terrorist training camps in Afghanistan and destabilize that nation’s government would lead to a 14-year occupation, thousands of deaths, a huge number of life-debili-tating injuries, and the loss of vast na-tional treasure exceeding $1 trillion? 
Ask yourself this question: Which 
American leaders thought that attack-ing Iraq to eliminate phantom weapons of mass destruction would shatter that nation, strengthen Iran, and unleash ISIS? 
In addition, the military option has a 
substantial risk of increasing rather than decreasing Iran’s determination to acquire a nuclear weapon. Iranian leaders, after attack, might well decide it is their top national priority to ac-
quire nuclear weapons no matter the cost so that neither the United States nor any other nation would dare to at-tack Iran in such a fashion again. 
So if the United States chooses a 
military option, it is most likely com-mitting to a cycle of war as Iran re-builds a nuclear program in the future with more steel, more concrete, and more depth underground. 
So let’s return to the three options 
before us. 
A negotiated and verifiable agree-
ment for Iran to dismantle its nuclear program promises the possibility of achieving our core security objectives without a massive cost in terms of lives, injuries, and treasure. It address-es uranium, plutonium, and covert pathways to a bomb. 
Compare this to the second option: 
ending negotiations and resuming the toughest possible sanctions. Under this option, there is a substantial possi-bility that the multilateral coalition will fracture, ending multilateral sanc-tions, with the additional disadvantage that all the uranium nuclear programs that are frozen or diminished under the current negotiating process will be free to operate again. 
Let’s turn to the third option. The 
third option will be extraordinarily ex-pensive in blood and treasure. It could generate a cycle of warfare that would diminish rather than enhance the secu-rity of the United States and our allies. This is an option that could motivate Iran and other nations not to give up their nuclear programs but to redouble their efforts to secure a nuclear weap-on. 
So the single-best option, if achiev-
able, is a negotiated, verifiable agree-ment for Iran to dismantle its nuclear program. Thus, we in Congress, we in the Senate Chamber, should do every-thing possible to increase the likeli-hood of this option succeeding. 
One valuable role of this Chamber 
and of the House is to articulate the need to have key elements of an agree-ment well designed. My colleague from New Jersey was raising a series of questions. These are the types of ques-tions the State Department negotia-tions will be paying close attention to so that when an agreement is delivered for our consideration, there will be strong answers. 
We need ironclad assurances about 
the dismantlement, storage, and con-trol of key materials and equipment; rigorous and enforceable boundaries on any ‘‘research’’ nuclear program; ex-tensive and effective inspection proto-cols; and strong snapback provisions in the event Iran breaks its obligation. 
We need an orderly process in which 
to conduct this assessment of an agree-ment to confirm that it meets these standards. Such a coherent congres-sional process has several advantages. First, it strengthens our President’s hand in negotiation. The President and his team must strive to get all key ele-ments nailed down, knowing they will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.023 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2720 May 7, 2015 
be reviewed by a sometimes skeptical 
Congress. Second, such a review strengthens the agreement as an en-during framework that will provide the transition to the next Presidency. This can contribute confidence that phased implementation will be honored by both sides and help generate the mo-mentum necessary to hammer out the final agreement. 
Thus, I support the bill reported out 
in the Foreign Relations Committee unanimously on April 14 and currently under debate before the Senate. This bill gives Congress the right to review the agreement and classified and un-classified versions of a verification re-port Secretary Kerry must provide to Congress. It gives Congress the right to disapprove of the agreement. It re-quires the President to provide impor-tant information to Congress, includ-ing evidence of material breaches of the agreement, of Iran’s involvement in acts of terrorism, Iran’s violation of human rights, and advances in Iran’s ballistic missile capabilities. 
In addition, the President must cer-
tify that Iran has not materially breached the agreement or, if they breached, they have cured that breach; that Iran has not taken any action that would advance its nuclear weap-ons program; that the suspension of sanctions is both appropriate and pro-portionate to Iran’s efforts under the agreement and vital to the national se-curity interests of the United States; and that the agreement does not com-promise in any way our enduring com-mitment to Israel’s security. 
Congress shaped the sanctions regime 
that put the pressure on Iran and forced them to the negotiating table. It is logical, therefore, that Congress should be involved in making sure the results of these negotiations fully serve the security interests of our Nation and our allies. What we must not do, however, is turn this bill, this struc-ture, or appropriate and valuable con-gressional review into an instrument designed to undermine or poison the success of the negotiations in order to pave the path for war. 
I will oppose the adoption of any poi-
son pill amendment designed to under-mine the viability of the negotiations. What is at stake is much bigger than the ordinary day-to-day politics of this Chamber. The content of any final agreement with Iran is of profound sig-nificance to the national security of the United States, the national secu-rity of our allies, and to international peace and stability. 
I urge my colleagues to carry the 
weight of this responsibility, of this topic, of this process, this concern over nuclear proliferation—and particu-larly, proliferation that could put a nu-clear weapon in the hands of Iran—and to keep our eyes on the prize. 
I urge my colleagues to work to-
gether in partnership with our Presi-dent to develop and implement a tough, verifiable end to Iran’s quest for nuclear weapons. Thank you, Mr. President. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to enter into a col-loquy with the Senator from Ten-nessee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE EXAMINATION OF ISSUES IN THEIR  
JURISDICTION  
Mr. SULLIVAN. I rise today to speak 
about the importance of additional congressional consideration during the congressional review period of a final negotiated nuclear agreement. The in-volvement of other committees in ex-amining the issues in their jurisdiction will be important. I think my distin-guished colleague would agree with me that extended committee consideration means more American voices in the process, and an agreement of this sig-nificance—and the resulting implica-tions of possible violations—call for supplemental review. Senator C
ORKER  
has reaffirmed the benefits of this process and so I thank him for his sup-port. 
I appreciate the leadership of my col-
league and look forward to working with him to further advance construc-tive, deliberative consideration of an agreement that has multilateral ef-fects on the security of our nation and its people. 
Mr. CORKER. I agree with my col-
league, the Senator from Alaska, that other committees should consider the relevant issues in their jurisdiction. The Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee will, of course, consider any res-olution of approval or disapproval, but the involvement of other committees in the hearing process will certainly assist the full Senate as it debates this issue. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise today to speak about the Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review Act. 
I intend to vote for this bill because 
it provides appropriate congressional review of a tremendously important ex-ecutive agreement that is now being negotiated by the world’s major powers and Iran. 
First of all, I want to point out that 
a final agreement with Iran would not be a treaty. It would be an executive agreement which follows agreements in the past going back at least until 1972. 
In 1972, President Nixon signed the 
Shanghai Communique, which reestab-lished relations with China. 
In 1975, the Ford administration 
signed the Helsinki Final Act, which eased tensions between the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. 
In 1986, at Reykjavik, Iceland, Presi-
dent Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev discussed the possibility of complete nuclear disarmament. Even though no agreement was made, Reykjavik laid the groundwork for the 1987 Inter-mediate Nuclear Forces Treaty and the 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty. 
The next year, in 1987, the Reagan ad-
ministration established the Missile Technology Control Regime. To this day it helps restrict the proliferation 
of nuclear-capable missiles and related technology. 
In 2013, the United States and Russia 
came together and disarmed Syria of its most lethal chemical weapons. 
Like a potential deal with Iran on its 
nuclear program, these examples are not treaties and did not require formal ratification by the Senate. 
That said, I don’t believe there has 
been an agreement in recent memory that has been as difficult or as com-plicated as the P5+1 negotiations. 
Perhaps more than any other single 
subject in the 22 years I have been in the Senate, there has never been more secure briefings—both for the leader-ship of national security committees and the entire Senate—as we have re-ceived on the negotiations with Iran. 
This constant engagement with Con-
gress has created an opportunity for us to get involved in a constructive man-ner. 
The elected representatives of this 
country should have an opportunity to weigh-in on and review this agreement. 
Several bills have been offered by the 
Banking Committee and the Foreign Relations Committee, but I believe the bill that was negotiated by Senators C
ORKER and C ARDIN is an appropriate 
mechanism for Congress to review any agreement with Iran. 
What this legislation is about is an 
agreement preventing Iran from devel-oping a nuclear weapon. Nothing else. To put other issues on this bill jeopard-izes the agreement taking shape be-tween the United States, Russia, Ger-many, China, France, and the U.K. And that is because the only thing dis-
cussed in the negotiation has been a nuclear agreement. 
Rather than adding extra issues, we 
should be evaluating the final agree-ment as it comes together over the coming months. 
The bottom line is that this bill—as 
currently written—does not interfere with the ongoing negotiations. Adding extra issues at this time, no matter how important they may be, could de-rail diplomacy. As such, I will oppose them. 
If a final agreement is reached, the 
bill requires Congress to review it within 30 days. If Members wish to pre-vent implementation of the agreement, the bill requires two-thirds of the Sen-ate to vote in favor of a resolution of disapproval. The bill’s requirement of an overwhelming majority to dis-approve provides significant deference to the President, which is entirely ap-propriate. If an overwhelming majority of the Congress stands in opposition to an agreement, there is a high likeli-hood that the agreement will not work regardless of passage, since Congress would likely not vote to lift sanc-tions—something that has to be factored in to any long-term agree-ment. 
I would like to speak briefly on the 
framework agreement announced on April 2, 2015. In my view it is strong and deserves to be supported. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.024 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2721 May 7, 2015 
For me, the technical assessment of 
Energy Secretary Moniz is critical. Secretary Moniz is an extremely dis-tinguished nuclear physicist and a man I deeply respect. According to Sec-retary Moniz, the framework blocks Iran’s four possible pathways to a nu-clear weapon. Those are the plutonium pathway through the Arak heavy water reactor, the uranium pathway through the Natanz facility, the uranium path-way through the Fordow facility, and the covert pathway, where Iran en-riches nuclear material for a weapon in secret. 
When each of these pathways is ex-
plained in detail, the strength of the framework is apparent. 
First, the agreement requires Iran to 
redesign the Arak heavy water reactor, making it impossible to produce weap-ons-grade plutonium. Iran will be re-quired to ship the reactor’s spent fuel abroad for the life of the reactor; pro-hibited from building another heavy water reactor, and indefinitely barred from researching the critical tech-nologies needed to build a plutonium weapon. Under the framework, Iran will be prevented from developing a plutonium bomb forever. 
Second, with regard to the Fordow 
facility, Iran will not be able to store nuclear material or conduct any en-richment-related research and develop-ment at the site. Only 1,000 of Iran’s least efficient centrifuges will remain in the facility, about a third of what it has today. And they will not be used to enrich uranium. The facility, set deep in a mountainside, will become a nu-clear medical research center, not a proliferation risk. 
Third, with regard to Natanz, Iran 
will operate no more than 5,060 of its first-generation centrifuges, and it will enrich uranium far short of weapons grade. As Secretary Moniz has said, not only are the 5,060 centrifuges a stark decrease from their current inventory of nearly 20,000, but they are Iran’s old-est and least capable model. Iran will place its more-advanced and more-ca-pable second-generation centrifuges in storage under IAEA seal and super-vision. Natanz will be the only location where Iran is permitted to enrich ura-nium, and solely for peaceful purposes. 
Further, Iran will not be able to 
stockpile much of the material it can enrich at Natanz. Iran will only retain 300 kilograms of uranium gas enriched to 3.67 percent. That is a fraction of the nearly 10,000 kilograms of near-5 per-cent enriched uranium it has today. 
Finally, the framework agreement 
blocks Iran’s covert pathway to a nu-clear weapon. The framework requires unprecedented inspection of all of Iran’s nuclear facilities, including sus-pect sites. 
In addition, Secretary Moniz notes 
that this access applies to ‘‘the full uranium supply chain, from mines to centrifuge manufacturing and oper-ation.’’ 
Having eyes on Iran’s entire supply 
chain makes it impossible for Iran to breakout using covert facilities. For 
instance, if uranium cannot be ac-counted for or if centrifuges go miss-ing, the onus will be on Iran to explain what happened. If it cannot do so, sanc-tions can—and will—be reimposed. Iran will also be required to implement the Additional Protocol and Modified Code 3.1, which forever increase Iran’s obli-gations to provide access to all of its nuclear sites anywhere in the country. 
The combination of strict limits on 
Iran’s nuclear program and highly in-trusive inspections will extend Iran’s breakout time—that is the time it would need to develop enough nuclear material for one nuclear weapon—from the estimated 2 to 3 months today to a year. 
Under the framework, the inter-
national community will know if Iran attempts to skirt its obligations and will have sufficient time to respond. 
If the P5+1 nations and Iran reach a 
final accord that reflects the frame-work agreement, Iran will be blocked from developing a nuclear weapon. 
In addition to this important goal, an 
agreement could possibly reopen Iran to the world. It could provide Iran an opportunity to decrease its desta-bilizing activities in the region. A deal could potentially lead Iran to drop its financial and military support for Hezbollah and other proxies. Perhaps more importantly, the nuclear deal could open the door to soliciting the help of Iran and Russia on an intrac-table and to date unsolvable issue: end-ing the Syrian civil war. 
The regime, backed by Iran, of 
Bashar al-Assad has killed more than 200,000 of its own people and continues to commit war crimes with chemical weapons. Besides the sheer magnitude of the death toll, the manner in which Assad has killed so many—through the continued use of chemical weapons, barrel bombs, and even starvation—is abhorrent. 
Further engagement with Iran could 
also aid our efforts to rid Iraq and Syria of ISIL and its grotesque cam-paign of terror. 
It is far from certain that Iran will 
change its behavior, but it is far more likely with a nuclear deal than with-out. Without an agreement, the likeli-hood of a major military confrontation in the Middle East—as well as more chaos and instability—increases dra-matically. This is to no one’s benefit. Without an agreement, Iran’s nuclear program would be unconstrained, di-rectly jeopardizing the security of our partners and allies in the region, in-cluding Israel. 
Mr. President, I intend to vote for 
this bill so that a comprehensive agree-ment with Iran will be strengthened by congressional review. It is my hope that this bill does not become a vehicle to scrap a verifiable agreement capable of preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. The coming months will bear that out. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I just 
want to clarify a few aspects of this legislation and to make clear the col-
lective understanding of the Senate in acting on this bill. 
First, we should be clear that the bill 
as it stands would prohibit, during the review period, any sanctions relief that goes beyond the JPOA or any materi-ally identical extension, including but not limited to any increase in the amount of hard currency or other as-sets that Iran has access to under the JPOA. 
That is, during the review period, the 
amount of relief available under the JPOA could still be offered, if an exten-sion was agreed to in the timeframe provided for in the bill, but no addi-tional amounts could be provided. 
Second, the term ‘‘statutory sanc-
tions’’ as used in the legislation means sanctions that Congress has imposed or specifically authorized with respect to Iran, including but not limited to all of the sanctions imposed with respect to Iran under the Iran Sanctions Act, the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Ac-countability, and Divestment Act of 2010, the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012, the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, and the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013. 
That is, the term statutory sanctions 
as used in the bill, means all of the sanctions contained in these statutes and other Iran-related sanctions that Congress has imposed. 
Finally, as discussed during the com-
mittee markup, we all agree that the period for review only begins when all the documents required to be sub-mitted along with the agreement itself and all of the annexes and other mate-rials that are covered by the definition of agreement in the bill have been sub-mitted to Congress. 
That is, the period for review under 
our bill only begins to run when all of the documents that make up the agree-ment and have to be submitted with it are submitted to Congress, as provided in the bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that if cloture is invoked on the Corker substitute amendment No. 1140, that a point of order against all of the pending non-germane amendments be in order and be considered to have been made; that the Corker amendment No. 1179 be withdrawn; that the Senate consider and agree to the Corker-Cardin tech-nical amendment No. 1219; that the Corker substitute amendment No. 1140, as amended, be adopted, the cloture motion on H.R. 1191 be withdrawn, and the bill, as amended, be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of H.R. 1191, as amended, with no inter-vening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to the request? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I wanted 
to come to the floor to speak about the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.045 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2722 May 7, 2015 
risk Iran poses to the world as a result 
of the legislation before the Senate at this moment. 
A lot has been talked about in the 
media over the last months—years, quite frankly—about the notion we are going to work out a deal with Iran that will prevent war. Sadly, I believe the direction the deal is headed almost guarantees war at some point, cer-tainly in our lifetime, but maybe be-fore the end of the decade. 
Let me back up and first describe the 
issue at hand. The issue at hand is that Iran, run by a radical Shia cleric—its government, I should say. Its people perhaps don’t partake in this thought process, but its government whose head and supreme decisionmaker is a radical Shia cleric has made two decisions: The first is they feel it is their obliga-tion to export their Islamic revolution everywhere in the world, and of course it begins with the Middle East; two, they have decided they want to become the hegemonic power in the region. They want to become the dominant na-tion, the dominant movement in the Middle East and in that entire region. 
So how do you achieve that? First, it 
requires you to drive the Americans out of the area, which is why we have seen them invest in all sorts of asym-metrical capabilities, such as these small little swarm boats they some-times use to harass U.S. naval vessels. That is why we saw them just a week ago basically hijack a commercial ves-sel in international waters. 
The second thing they do is they 
sponsor terrorism. They have all these proxy groups in all these countries in the region doing their bidding. That is also asymmetrical warfare—asymmet-rical meaning it is not frontal. It is using some nontraditional method to expand or to show their power. They use groups such as Hezbollah or the Houthis they are now involved with in Yemen and other parts of the world. 
The threat is, if you attack Iran, 
these terrorist groups will attack you. In fact, we have seen the hand of the Iranian Government in terrorist at-tacks. For example, we saw an attempt to assassinate the Ambassador of Saudi Arabia here in Washington, DC. We know that in 1994 there was a bombing in Buenos Aires linked to Iran. So they sponsor terrorism. 
The third aspect of their desire to be-
come the hegemonic regional power is a nuclear weapon. What do you need to acquire a nuclear weapon? You need three things: The first thing you need is a bomb design. The truth is you can buy a bomb design. The second thing you need is a delivery system, an abil-ity to deliver the weapon whether it is on an airplane or on a missile. 
That is why Iran is developing long- 
range rockets. They are expending a lot of money—despite all the sanctions on them, they are expending a lot of money to build these long-range rock-ets. That isn’t for some fancy fireworks show or to put a man on the Moon. They are building these long-range rockets because they understand that 
is the second critical component of a nuclear weapons program. 
The third thing is you have to be able 
to get your hands on enriched uranium 
or reprocessed plutonium. No one in the world is going to import to them weapons-grade uranium or plutonium, so they have decided to build the infra-structure to do it themselves, and they do it the way North Korea did it. They do it the way other nations have done it when they tried to hide their pro-grams. They do it by claiming they have a peaceful nuclear program they are trying to build. In essence, their ar-gument is we don’t want to build a weapon. We are just trying to build a nuclear reactor so we can provide elec-tricity. 
That argument makes no sense for 
two reasons: The first reason is this is an oil-rich country. They do not really need nuclear energy in order to provide cost-effective energy for their country, and the other reason is it costs so much money to build the equipment to enrich and reprocess, they could just buy it already reprocessed or enriched. They could bring it into the country the way South Korea does and the way other nations do. 
So if it would be cheaper to bring 
these things in by simply importing it, as opposed to spending all this money enriching and reprocessing it them-selves, why are they spending all this money on the infrastructure? The an-swer is because, at some point in the future, they know they are going to want a nuclear weapon. Now, perhaps they haven’t made the decision they need it today, next week or next year, but they certainly, at a minimum, want to have the option to be a thresh-old nuclear power. 
I believe, knowing everything we 
know about them—both open source and classified—that whether they have decided to build a nuclear weapon or not, they will decide to build a nuclear weapon because it provides for them the sort of regime stability they crave. 
The radical Shia cleric who heads 
that country looks at North Korea and he looks at Libya and he says: Libya is what happens when you don’t have a nuclear capability. North Korea is what happens when you do. Muammar Qadhafi is dead and out of power, but North Korea is still run by that mad-man. Why? Because he has a nuclear weapon. You can’t invade him or touch him because of what he will do in re-sponse. 
I think they are guided by that prin-
ciple. They are guided by the principle that they want to be the regional hege-monic power and nuclear weapons gives them that role. They are guided by a third equally sinister motivation; that is, the open and repeatedly stated de-sire to destroy the State of Israel, to wipe it of the face of the Earth. They haven’t said this once in passing, the Supreme Leader of Iran has said this on hundreds of occasions. 
In fact, every Friday in Iran, at gov-
ernment-sanctioned religious events, they chant ‘‘Death to America’’ and 
‘‘Death to Israel.’’ If there is one lesson in history, it is that when a nation or leader repeatedly says that we are going to kill you, you should take that seriously. When the nation that says we are going to kill you is using its governmental money to sponsor ter-rorism, you should take that even more seriously. When the nation that is going out saying we are going to kill you and wipe you off the face of the Earth is reprocessing plutonium or en-riching uranium, you have a right to be extremely scared. 
The world understood this 8 years 
ago, 10 years ago, so it imposed U.N. Security Council sanctions on Iran— international sanctions. They were not easy to put together. A lot of countries in Europe had companies in those countries that were dying to do busi-ness in Iran. They didn’t want these sanctions, but they did it. They were put in place. Then, about a year and a half or two ago, the President decided it was time to try to open up to Iran and try to work out a deal with them. 
Look, in normal circumstances, there 
is nothing wrong with that; right? Two countries that have a disagreement on some issues can work things out. There is a place for diplomacy in the would. The problem is the issue we have with Iran is not based on a grievance. They are not mad we did something and so that is why they are acquiring a nu-clear weapon and if only we stopped doing what it is that aggrieved them they would go away. This is not a grievance-based problem. This is an ideological problem. 
If you read the founding documents 
of the Islamic Republic, it doesn’t de-scribe the Supreme Leader as the lead-er of Iran. Iran happens to be the coun-try from which they operate. It de-scribes him as the Supreme Leader of all Muslims in the world. That is why they believe it is their mandate, it is their calling to export their revolution to every corner of the planet but begin-ning in the Middle East, and the nu-clear weapons capability would give them leverage in carrying out the goal they have. In their mind, nothing would be more glorious than the de-struction of the Jewish State. 
So the President enters these nego-
tiations, and it has been a process of constant appeasement, moment after moment. We went from saying no en-riching or reprocessing, to you can en-rich and reprocess at 5 percent, to you can enrich up to 20 percent for research purposes. We went from saying no en-richment ever to saying in 10 or 15 years all bets are off. 
There are still items in the negotia-
tions that are not clear. The White House put out a fact sheet, a piece of paper, and it said this is what we agreed to. Iran put out a piece of paper just like it except it sounded like a to-tally different deal. 
For example, the U.S. fact sheet said 
sanctions on Iran would not come off until Iran complied, but Iran’s fact 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.029 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2723 May 7, 2015 
sheet said no, no, sanctions come off 
immediately. Now, when you press the White House on it, they refuse to say that, in fact, it will be phased in and not immediate. 
That is why I filed an amendment. 
Even though I thought the President’s deal as outlined in the fact sheet was not good enough, I filed an amendment to at least hold them to that. The amendment to this bill read very sim-ply. It just said that whatever deal the President crafts has to reflect the fact sheet he provided the Senate, but we couldn’t get a vote on it. 
The other amendment I filed is that 
any deal with Iran should be condi-tioned on Iran recognizing Israel’s right to exist, and here is why that was so important. That was important be-cause this is not just about the nuclear program. The deal the President is try-ing to sign is about removing sanc-tions, meaning money is now going to flow back into the Iranian Govern-ment’s coffers. What are they going to do with this money? Are they going to build roads, hospitals, donate it to charity? No. Are they going to buy food and medicine for people hurting around the world, the hundreds of thousands who have been displaced by Assad, their puppet? No. They will use that money to sponsor terrorism, and the prime target of the terrorism they sponsor is the State of Israel. 
We couldn’t get a vote on that 
amendment either. Apparently, there are Senators terrified of voting against that amendment, so they would rather not have a vote at all. 
So I am deeply disappointed by the 
direction this debate has taken because I felt—and I understand this deal was carefully crafted because I am on the committee that passed it, but I also understand that every Member of the Senate has a right to be heard in this debate. Unfortunately, only a couple of amendments were allowed to be voted on, with no one else having an oppor-tunity to get their amendments voted on, amendments I thought would make this bill much more meaningful. 
Now we have reached this point 
where the majority leader has filed clo-ture on the bill because it is time to move on to these other issues, and I re-spect that. We now have to make a de-cision. The decision is not whether we are going to pass the bill we want or nothing at all, the decision is are we better off as a country with this bill or with no bill. 
If we don’t pass a bill, the Senate can 
still weigh in on the Iranian deal, but the Iranian deal kicks in immediately, and unless and until the Senate acts, the sanctions will be off. At least the U.S. sanctions will be off. There is also no guarantee the White House will even show us the agreement if we don’t pass a bill. 
If we pass a bill, it delays the sanc-
tions being lifted for a period of time. It requires the White House to submit the deal to us so we can review it, and ultimately it calls for a vote—up or down—on approving the deal or not. It 
actually requires that the vote will have to happen, and there can’t be any procedural process to impede it, for the most part. 
So at the end of the day, while this 
bill does not contain the amendments— we didn’t even get a vote on the amendments we wanted—it doesn’t contain the different aspects I thought would make it stronger, if left with the choice we have now, I don’t think there is any doubt we are in a better position if this bill passes because, at a min-imum, it at least creates a process whereby the American people, through their elected representatives, can de-bate an issue of extraordinary impor-tance. 
If I am troubled by anything, it is 
that while this issue gets a lot of cov-erage, I am not sure the coverage accu-rately reflects what a critical moment this is. I said at the outset that I think a bad deal almost guarantees war, and here is why. Because the State of Israel—such an important ally to the United States—is not thousands of miles away from Iran. Put yourself in their position for a moment. This small country, with a small population, 9 miles wide at its narrowest point—with a neighbor to the north that openly and repeatedly says it wants to destroy them and is on the verge of acquiring a nuclear capability—feels like their very existence is being threatened. Faced with that, Israel may very well take military action on their own to protect themselves. I think a bad deal exponentially increases the likelihood of that happening. 
I also think we look at the other na-
tions of the region, because Iran is a Shia country—a Shia Persian coun-try—but its Sunni Arab neighbors aren’t big fans of the Shia branch of Islam. 
For example, Saudi Arabia, an in-
credibly wealthy country, has already said: Whatever Iran gets, we are going to get. If Iran gets the right to enrich and reprocess, we will enrich and re-process. If Iran builds a weapon, we will build a weapon. And so it creates 
the very real specter that we will have an arms race—a nuclear arms race—in the Middle East. We are talking about a region of the world that has been un-stable for 3,800 years. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. RUBIO. I ask unanimous consent 
for an additional 30 seconds to con-clude. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. RUBIO. We are talking about a 
region of the world that could have a nuclear arms race—one of the most un-stable regions of the planet. 
So I hope we are going to get a good 
deal. I am not hopeful that we will. But I think we are better off if we have this process in place. So I hope this bill passes here today so that at least we will have a chance to weigh in on an issue of critical importance. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, my col-
league from Florida knows the per-sonal affection I have for him, and I enjoy so much his friendship and work-ing with him on issues regarding Flor-ida. 
I think this is an example of how two 
Senators from the same State can come to different conclusions, appar-ently not about this legislation—ad-vancing it, because this Senator will in fact vote to move this legislation for-ward—but on the ultimate judgment that we have to make. 
Senator R
UBIO has correctly stated, 
in my opinion, that Iran’s is a regime that is bent on aggression, that they cannot be trusted, that Israel is threat-ened, and that we are basically the backstop protector of Israel. All of those things are very true. 
But the question is what is in the in-
terest of the national security of the United States—which, in most cases, always folds into what is in the inter-est of the national security of Israel as well—and the Senator and I come to different conclusions. 
First of all, we don’t know the final 
details. But we do know a framework that was put out, and if that frame-work is fleshed out, as is suggested, with the details by June 30, then the simple bottom line for this Senator is if it prevents Iran from building a nu-clear weapon over at least a 10-year pe-riod, with the sufficient safeguards, in-trusions, inspections—unannounced, as well—that prevent them from having a nuclear weapon without our getting, conservatively, a year’s advanced no-tice and we know that is a guarantee for a 10-year period—if not 15 and 20 years—is that in the interest of the United States? And this Senator has concluded that yes, it is. 
I hope the agreement comes out as 
suggested by the framework. I will be looking forward to examining that. And, as a result of our passing this leg-islation today, we will have a guar-antee that we will vote on parts with regard to the lifting of sanctions, and we will be able to weigh in on the spe-cifics. 
It is interesting how two Senators 
from the same State can come out with such different conclusions having shared a lot of the similar information, as this Senator has served on the Intel-ligence Committee for 6 years and Sen-ator R
UBIO is on the Intelligence Com-
mittee as well. 
It will be an interesting debate as we 
get into the details. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, it is in-
teresting that I am not a Senator from Florida but I am a Senator who was born in Florida. 
With due respect to my friend, Sen-
ator N
ELSON , there was something the 
Senator said that I had not thought to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.030 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2724 May 7, 2015 
talk about, but I think we have to. It 
has to do with a bit of a shift in the thinking of this President, unlike any other President in the last 40 years, since the Ayatollahs have come into power. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to speak for not more than 5 min-utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I hate to 
object. There is only 10 minutes re-maining and all the time on the Repub-lican side has been used up. 
Would my colleague limit his re-
marks perhaps to 3 minutes so I could have a little bit of time on our side? 
Mr. TILLIS. Yes, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, with the 
limited time, first, I am concerned now that we have gone away from President after President saying that Iran could never have a nuclear weapon, to the words of: Well, Iran shouldn’t be able to have one at least for 10 years. Or, if they do get one before 10 years, we will know about it a year in advance. That is a fundamental change in the direc-tion of negotiations with this hostile regime. 
That is the other thing in my limited 
time that I wish to point out. I think those of us who are voting for this bill today are voting in large part because of a distrust we have for the Supreme Leader and the regime in Iran. This is not about the Iranian people. There are tens of millions of Iranians that I be-lieve are concerned with this deal as well. They are concerned that this is 
going to enable the Iranian govern-ment to continue to fund terror throughout the world through the Iran terror network. They are funding even Hamas, a natural enemy, to destabilize the region. 
We need to worry about what the 
Prime Minister of Israel said just a few months ago here in this Chamber: This represents a dire threat. Does anyone think that Israel can stand by on their own and allow Iran to continue to be unfettered and potentially move for-ward with a nuclear program? I don’t think so. 
But I also want to make sure that 
the Iranian people know we are also concerned that we have a President who is willing to negotiate with a re-gime that is guilty of human rights violations, that is guilty of spreading terror through the world, that is guilty of meddling in the affairs of other Mid-dle Eastern nations. And we are sitting along the sidelines and saying maybe we can still move this deal through, be-cause at least knowing when Iran gets a nuclear weapon is better than the current state. 
I think the current state is working. 
Sanctions are working. Pressure on Iran to respect human rights, to get out of the terror business is very im-portant. 
The last slide I wanted to show and 
that I wanted to spend more time on— how on Earth does anyone think that a 
nation that is not intent on launching a nuclear missile at some time would invest in this sort of infrastructure to reach different parts of the globe? It is only a matter of time. Now, we have heard that maybe it will only be 10 years or maybe a year from when we find out about it. But make no mistake about it. If Iran is left alone, they are going to have the ability to deliver this sort of terror anywhere in the world. 
That is why I will be supporting the 
bill, and hopefully, we can defeat any bad deal that comes from the adminis-tration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, after 2 
weeks on the floor, in a few moments we will have a chance to advance the Iran bill to passage and then vote on passage. I urge my colleagues to sup-port the cloture motion and to support final passage. 
First, I thank Senator C
ORKER . Sen-
ator C ORKER has been an incredible 
partner, and the two of us have worked in the best interests not only of the Senate but in the best interests of our country. We recognize this Nation is stronger when in foreign policy we are united and speak with one voice. That is exactly what we were able to do in the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee by a vote of 19 to 0. 
This is an extremely controversial 
area. We understand that. But we reached a position where we could get a 19-to-0 vote in the committee. We were able to bring that forward and were able to get the administration to work with us on this. So the bill will be signed by the President of the United States. 
I just want to thank Senator C
ORKER  
for his incredible leadership through these very difficult times so that we could reach this point. 
It gives us the best chance to accom-
plish our goal. Our goal is to prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear weapons state—pure and simple. We will be in a stronger position to achieve that objec-tive with the passage of this legisla-tion. 
We understand what that means. We 
understand that it has to be an agree-ment that prevents Iran from a break-out capacity to have a nuclear weapon in a period of time where we would be compromised, because we know we have to be able to inspect, we have to be able to see what they are doing, and we have to be able to react if they cheat. This bill allows us to have that type of an oversight over such an agreement. 
It spells out the proper role for Con-
gress. It was in the 1990s that Congress started to impose sanctions against Iran for its nuclear weapons program. Only Congress can remove those sanc-tions or permanently change them. So it is in our interests to be able to have an orderly way to review an agree-ment. And it is an orderly review be-cause it requires the President to sub-mit the agreement to us so we have op-
portunities for open hearings and for closed hearings, to do what we need to in order to make our judgment as to how to proceed. There is no required action, but we could take the appro-priate action, and we have the time to take the appropriate action. 
Congress would then have oversight 
of the agreement. The administration would be required to report to us on a quarterly basis that Iran is in compli-ance with the agreement. If there is a material breach, there are expedited procedures for us to be able to take ac-tion to reimpose and strengthen the sanctions regime that is in place. 
So it really gives us the opportunity 
not only to have oversight on a poten-tial agreement if one is reached but then to monitor to make sure that the agreement is complied with. 
But we go beyond that. I have heard 
a lot of my colleagues talk about Iran and what it is doing on its sponsoring of terrorism, what it is doing on human rights violations, their ballistic missile programs. We understand that. We re-quire reports from the administration as to their activities in each of these areas. It is very clear, as the President made in his summary of the April 2 framework, that nothing in this agree-ment affects the other sanctions that are imposed against Iran because of ballistic missiles, because of terrorism or because of human rights issues. 
So I think we have found the right 
balance. 
Lastly, let me say we have also made 
it very clear in this agreement that the security of Israel is critically impor-tant, and we have spelled that out in our legislation. 
So for all those reasons, I think the 
fact that we were able to reach this type of an agreement—we had a couple votes. The votes were pretty decisive as to how they came out on the floor. I thank all our colleagues for the way they cooperated with us on being able to reach this moment. 
Mr. President, I yield the remainder 
of the time to the chairman of the Sen-ate Foreign Relations Committee. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I thank 
the distinguished ranking member. I will be very brief. 
I thank our ranking member, who 
could not have been more of a gen-tleman, more of a leader on this issue, and I cannot thank him enough for his efforts and his staff’s. 
I thank also Senator M
ENENDEZ , who 
before was ranking member of the com-mittee and is such a leader on this and has been from day one relative to the sanctions on Iran and bringing them to the table. 
I would also thank Senator G
RAHAM . 
We began this process in July of last year. And so many others have been in-volved. Senator G
RAHAM obviously 
helped drive this. So did Senator K
AINE, on the Democratic side of the 
aisle. But we have had so many rocks, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.035 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2725 May 7, 2015 
such as J EFF FLAKE and others who 
have just been steady in helping make this happen. 
Since there is only a short amount of 
time, I do want to encourage my col-leagues here in the Senate to support this cloture motion. We have been on the floor now for 2 weeks, and I know there have been a lot of process issues that we have dealt with. 
At the end of the day, without this 
bill there is no review of what happens relative to Iran. So we worked hard to create a great bipartisan balance. I think we have an opportunity to do something that really is in some ways a landmark piece of legislation, in that the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee in a bipartisan way with a 19-to- 0 vote has basically taken back the power that the President now has to work collaboratively to make sure that we have the opportunity to see the de-tails, as my colleague has mentioned, of any deal that may be negotiated with Iran, that it stand before the Sen-ate and give us time to actually go through those details, that we see all the classified annexes and everything that go with this. We have the oppor-tunity, should we choose, to pass a res-olution of approval or disapproval. And then, very importantly, the President has to certify every 90 days that Iran is in compliance. 
So let me just restate that, without 
this bill, there is no limitation on the President’s use of waivers to suspend the sanctions Congress has put in 
place. There is no requirement that Congress receive full details of any agreement with Iran. There is no re-view period for Congress to examine and weigh in on an agreement. There is no requirement that the President cer-tify Iran is complying. And there are really no expedited procedures for Con-gress to reimpose rapidly sanctions should Iran cheat. 
So, in summary, no bill, no review; 
no bill, no oversight. I think the Amer-ican people want the Senate and the House of Representatives on their be-half to ensure that Iran is accountable, that this is a transparent process, and that they comply. 
With that, I concede that the Pre-
siding Officer wants to move ahead. 
Again, I thank our ranking member 
for his distinguished service and all of my colleagues who have brought us to this moment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the Corker amendment No. 1140 to H.R. 1191, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services vol-unteers are not taken into account as em-ployees under the shared responsibility re-quirements contained in the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. Mitch McConnell, Bob Corker, Joni 
Ernst, Rob Portman, Johnny Isakson, Shelley Moore Capito, Thad Cochran, Orrin G. Hatch, David Perdue, Daniel Coats, Jeff Flake, Kelly Ayotte, Cory Gardner, John Hoeven, Roger F. Wicker, John Thune, John Cornyn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the Corker amendment No. 1140 to H.R. 1191, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 93, 
nays 6, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 173 Leg.] 
YEAS—93 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Crapo Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake 
Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—6 
Cotton Cruz Grassley 
Lee Moran 
Sullivan 
NOT VOTING—1 
Boxer 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
HOEVEN ). On this vote, the yeas are 93, 
the nays are 6. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
Under the previous order, amend-
ments Nos. 1155; 1186, as modified; 1197; and 1198 fall, as they are not germane. 
Amendment No. 1179 is withdrawn. Amendment No. 1219 is agreed to. The amendment agreed to is as fol-
lows: 
(Purpose: To make technical changes) 
On page 7, line 17, strike ‘‘the Congress’’ 
and insert ‘‘both Houses of Congress’’. On page 7, strike line 24 and insert ‘‘such 
passage’’. 
On page 8, line 6, strike ‘‘the Congress’’ and 
insert ‘‘both Houses of Congress’’. 
On page 9, between lines 2 and 3, insert the 
following: 
‘‘(7) D EFINITION .—In the House of Rep-
resentatives, for purposes of this subsection, the terms ‘‘transmittal,’’ ‘‘transmitted,’’ and ‘‘transmission’’ mean transmittal, trans-mitted, and transmission, respectively, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
On page 10, lines 13 and 14, strike ‘‘the Con-
gress adopts, and there is enacted,’’ and in-sert ‘‘there is enacted’’. 
On page 10, lines 17 and 18, strike ‘‘the Con-
gress adopts, and there is enacted’’ and in-sert ‘‘there is enacted’’. 
On page 13, line 17, strike ‘‘enhance’’ and 
insert ‘‘reduce’’. 
On page 17, line 9, strike ‘‘covert action’’ 
and insert ‘‘covert activities’’. 
On page 19, strike lines 8 through 17 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(e) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF LEGISLA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I NITIATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the event the Presi-
dent does not submit a certification pursu-ant to subsection (d)(6) during each 90-day period following the review period provided in subsection (b), or submits a determination pursuant to subsection (d)(3) that Iran has materially breached an agreement subject to subsection (a) and the material breach has not been cured, qualifying legislation intro-duced within 60 calendar days of such event shall be entitled to expedited consideration pursuant to this subsection. 
‘‘(B) D
EFINITION .—In the House of Rep-
resentatives, for purposes of this paragraph, the terms ‘submit’ and ‘submits’ mean sub-mit and submits, respectively, to the Speak-er of the House of Representatives. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The sub-
stitute amendment, No. 1140, as amend-ed, is agreed to. 
The cloture motion on H.R. 1191 is 
withdrawn. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill 
having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) 
is necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 98, 
nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 174 Leg.] 
YEAS—98 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr 
Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons 
Corker Cornyn Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.036 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2726 May 7, 2015 
Feinstein 
Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee 
Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio 
Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen 
Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—1 
Cotton 
NOT VOTING—1 
Boxer 
The bill (H.R. 1191), as amended, was 
passed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the title amendment to H.R. 1191, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 1220) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to 
provide for congressional review and over-sight of agreements relating to Iran’s nu-clear program, and for other purposes.’’. 
Mr. CORKER. I yield the floor. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT REVIEW ACT  
Before my colleagues leave the floor, 
let me just offer my congratulations to the Senator from Tennessee and the Senator from Maryland, who have shepherded this important piece of leg-islation, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, across the Senate floor. 
I think we are all reminded every 
time we take up some consensus legis-lation and find all the traps and obsta-cles to passage that this is not an easy process. But it was not designed to be easy. It was designed to force con-sensus before a bill actually is passed into law. Thanks to the patience and the tenacity of our colleague from Ten-nessee and our colleague from Mary-land, we have done that today, and I thank them very much for that. 
This legislation guarantees that Con-
gress will have the opportunity and the time to scrutinize any agreement reached between the administration and the P5+1 nations with regard to Iran’s nuclear program. This is to my mind the single greatest threat—not 
only to regional peace but to world peace—and that is the prospect of an Iranian nuclear program, a nuclear 
weapon. 
This bill prohibits the President from 
lifting sanctions that Congress has worked on for so long during this pe-riod of time. That is another important feature. But the most important part of this is the fact that Congress will have the right to vote for or against any change in the status quo when it comes to Iran. This bill will serve as a congressional check if there is a bad deal with Iran, and it will allow the American people through their elected representatives to consider carefully whether this potential agreement is a good one. 
I have been amazed to read in the 
newspaper and to see on TV that the President has negotiated a deal. When one asks to read the deal, you find out there is no deal. There is a so-called framework. But if a deal is reached be-tween our negotiating team negoti-ating with Iran and the P5+1 countries, then Congress will have an oppor-tunity—and through us the American people will have the opportunity—to read it and to understand it. We will have the opportunity then to debate it, and as I said, we will have the oppor-tunity then to vote up or down on this deal once a deal is struck, if a deal is struck. 
But I wonder sometimes about the 
naivete of the administration when it comes to negotiating with the world’s foremost State sponsor of inter-national terror. This is a regime that has been killing Americans—mainly by proxy—since the early 1980s. Of course we should not and we cannot trust Iran to do the right thing. It makes it even more necessary for Congress to put all aspects of any deal under a microscope, as we will. 
While the President has been negoti-
ating this vague and convoluted frame-work, the Iranian regime has done nothing to earn the trust of the Amer-ican people or our allies. Just the oppo-site is true. Iran has only proven that it is untrustworthy and that it will stop at nothing to further its influence throughout the Middle East at the ex-pense of the United States and our al-lies. 
You don’t have to look any further 
than the New York Times to find a rel-evant example of Iran’s doublespeak— speaking out of both sides of its mouth. Just last month in a New York Times op-ed, Iran’s Foreign Minister argued that the United States and the P5+1 countries should reach a final agree-ment in order to promote the stability and security of the region. 
The Foreign Minister, Mohammad 
Zarif, wrote of the need for ‘‘a regional dialogue’’ to ‘‘promote understanding . . . on a broad spectrum of issues,’’ among them, ‘‘ensuring freedom of navigation and the free flow of oil and other resources. . . . ’’ 
Well, this very article proves that to 
think we can negotiate with Iran in good faith is pure fiction. Just this 
past week, it was reported that U.S. Navy warships have had to accompany British and American commercial ves-sels through the Strait of Hormuz, an international shipping lane that links the Indian Ocean and the Persian Gulf, after the Iranian navy seized a com-mercial vessel last week. 
Reports of another naval scuffle be-
tween the United States and Iran was reported yesterday just off the coast of Yemen. Is this how Iran has been work-ing to ensure freedom of navigation in this region? 
Well, of course this is just one exam-
ple of Iran’s most recent deceptive tac-tics. This is the kind of regime that has been, as I said, on our State De-partment’s list as the lead State for sponsorship of terrorism since 1984. 
Now the Obama administration seeks 
to cut a deal with the regime, a coun-try that publicly admits wanting to de-stroy Israel and to build its empire and influence in places such as war-torn Syria and Iraq. The Obama administra-tion’s framework does nothing to hold Iran accountable for its proxy wars or for this type of regional adventurism. Even more concerning, this ambiguous understanding that the President re-leased last month would abandon long-standing U.S. policy of preventing a nuclear-armed Iran and replace it with a feeble plan to contain it. 
I remember, as the Presiding Officer 
no doubt remembers, Prime Minister Netanyahu was just here a few weeks ago. He said that rather than prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon, this framework would pave the path to-ward a nuclear Iran. The deal also forces the American people to trust the Iranian leadership with threshold nu-clear capabilities, without allowing for adequate inspections of all of Iran’s nu-clear sites by international agencies, both civilian and military. This is un-acceptable and dangerous. It also un-derscores why this legislation that we just passed is so important. 
This legislation is vitally important 
because it is a congressional backstop against an Iranian regime that is well known for its lies and international de-ception. Guaranteeing the time and the opportunity for Congress to scrutinize this misguided deal is essential. Pro-viding the American people with the kind of transparency they deserve to understand what has been negotiated on their behalf is absolutely critical. 
America’s elected representatives 
must be able to get every and any de-tail on this emerging deal. That is one reason why I think this legislation is so important. We need the time and space to review it. This bill provides for that. It gives us an opportunity to understand its terms and debate its im-plications. 
I am encouraged by the vote we just 
had, a near unanimous vote on this leg-islation. This is important because this President has shown a predisposition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.005 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2727 May 7, 2015 
to try to go it alone, not only in for-
eign affairs and national security mat-ters but on immigration, health care, and the like. 
It is past time for Congress to stand 
up and tell the President that he can-not act alone. Our Constitution con-templates three coequal branches of government, and Congress on behalf of the American people cannot be frozen out of the debate and the decision-making when it comes to something as important as an Iranian nuclear nego-tiation. 
I see another Senator ready to speak. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina. 
NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER AND SOLVING  
PROBLEMS IN OUR COMMUNITIES  
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, today is 
the National Day of Prayer. It is a day where we as a nation have an oppor-tunity simply to get on our knees and ask God for Divine intervention and ask the Lord for help. 
Our Nation is, indeed, an amazing na-
tion, a great nation, a nation with a destiny. I think it is important for us to take the time to remind ourselves, as part of the foundation of this very Nation, that there is a foundation of faith. 
As I think about that foundation of 
faith and the need for prayer, it is hard not to remember that the last year has proven to be a difficult time for low-in-come communities and minority com-munities throughout this country. It is time for us to have a national con-versation about solving some of the problems that we see arising in com-munities around the Nation. Whether those communities are in Ferguson or Baltimore, Ohio or Oklahoma or in my hometown of North Charleston, SC, finding solutions is critical. 
I believe that a part of the puzzle in-
cludes body cameras to be worn by our officers. Body cameras are simply not a fantasy but a part of a larger puzzle to provide solutions to communities that are distressed. I know firsthand that the solutions in my Opportunity Agen-da work. 
As a kid growing up in a single par-
ent household, I drifted in the wrong direction. I struggled in school. I had a difficult time. I was a hopeless kid in a challenging situation. I will state that as I look around the Nation, many of the challenges we see today are kids just like me, growing up in places like where I grew up, looking for hope, looking for leadership. 
I believe that embedded in my Oppor-
tunity Agenda we have some of the so-lutions that can help heal and restore as well as direct and instruct these communities into places of hope and opportunity. I believe that too often we see impoverished communities and dis-tressed communities as high-risk com-munities. I prefer to see them as high- potential communities, communities where greatness breeds and lives. We just need to find an avenue to harness the potential and move forward. I am hopeful that as we focus on the 
issues that are embedded in the Oppor-tunity Agenda—issues such as edu-cation, and I mean a quality education in every ZIP Code in America and that we should have high-performing schools in those ZIP Codes. That in-cludes school choice, whether it is charter or virtual or home schools or public schools. We need to have a seri-ous and robust conversation about school choice. 
Work skills are so important. In so 
many of these communities the unem-ployment rate is over 30 percent—a 30- percent unemployment rate. We can challenge those statistics by looking at the work skills and also by looking at apprenticeship programs, where you can earn and learn at the exact same time. We are breathing new hope into these communities. I also think that when we think about the future, we must think about the chance to save the future of so many of these young kids who may be losing hope in our country, who may be losing hope in their communities, and perhaps losing hope in themselves. 
We have a chance to make a dif-
ference in this next generation. 
I thank Senator G
RASSLEY , our chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, along with Senator G
RAHAM , our sub-
committee chair, for agreeing to hold a hearing on the use of body cameras in the next few weeks. I believe the hear-ing on body cameras will produce im-portant information on how we can deal with some of the challenges in some of our distressed communities. 
I believe we can find ways to restore 
hope and create opportunities for every single child in America. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 10TH ANNUAL 
SEN˜ORAS OF EXCELLENCE AND 
SEN˜ORES OF DISTINCTION 
AWARDS GALA 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize the 10th Annual Sen ˜oras 
of Excellence and Sen ˜ores of Distinc-
tion Awards Gala hosted by the Foun-dation for Excellence and Distinction in Las Vegas, NV. 
The Foundation for Excellence and 
Distinction was created by Sandy and Roger Peltyn with the sole purpose of 
raising funds to award scholarships for young Nevada students pursuing excel-lence in higher education. Over the last 10 years, the Foundation has awarded more than 700 scholarships through local charities, including the Univer-sity of Nevada, Las Vegas, UNLV, Foundation, Nevada State College, Ne-vada Hospital Association, the Center for Academic Enrichment and Out-reach at UNLV, College of Southern Nevada, Puerto Rican Association Scholarship Fund, HEART for children with AUTISM, Latin Chamber of Com-merce Scholarship Fund, City Impact Center, and Miss Nevada Scholarship Organization. These scholarships would have not been possible without the sup-port of the people of Nevada and the immeasurable contributions and col-laboration from Karen Cashman and Ellie Hirschfield. 
The foundation has recognized many 
strong sen ˜oras and sen ˜ores throughout 
the community for their work to en-courage the success of future genera-tions. A Sen ˜ora of Excellence can best 
be described as a woman who is con-fident in her beliefs, loyal to family and friends, accepts victories and dis-appointments with grace, and rises above life’s challenges. A Sen ˜or of Dis-
tinction is a man who bases his life on principles, raises spirits, never lets people down, and makes sacrifices for future generations without expecting to receive anything in return. 
We pay tribute to this year’s award 
recipients and the previous honorees of the Sen ˜oras of Excellence and Sen ˜ores 
of Distinction, Lifetime Achievement, Corporation of Distinction, and Hu-manitarian of the Year awards. This year, my dear friend Wayne Newton is the recipient of the Humanitarian of the Year award. I am grateful for his commitment to supporting education and his fierce advocacy for improving the lives of our Nation’s service men and women. 
I thank the foundation for their con-
tinued leadership and commitment to youth education and congratulate this year’s award recipients. I wish the foundation continued success in the years to come. 
f 
NEGOTIATIONS WITH IRAN 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, we have 
reached a tipping point in President Obama’s quest for a ‘‘legacy’’. Ukraine is on fire; Senior Chinese generals openly boast of their desire to settle millennial scores with their neighbors; Al Qaeda is stronger than ever; ISIS is massacring Christians with a genocidal savagery the likes of which we have not seen since World War II; and Israel feels abandoned. American foreign pol-icy is rudderless, bringing to mind Lewis Carroll’s comment from Alice Through the Looking Glass, ‘‘If you don’t know where you are going any road can take you there.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.042 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2728 May 7, 2015 
Now the President has staked his 
name on reaching a deal with the Aya-tollahs no matter how dangerous or de-stabilizing the final accord is. If the Iranians agree to this, and from their own hegemonic interest they would be foolish not to, the Israeli hand will be forced as it was with the Iraqi Osirik reactor in 1981; or at the least, a Middle 
East nuclear arms race, that pulls in Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the Gulf States, will begin. 
Mr. Obama has turned his back on 
decades of assurances from Presidents of both parties that Iran would not ac-quire nuclear weapons. He has willfully ignored 40 years of hostility from Tehran. If the President does not rec-ognize that we are at war, the mullahs certainly do. They are the chief spon-sor of global terror. They have never stepped back from their desire to oblit-erate Israel and to destroy the United States. Our Arab friends see Iran cre-ating a satellite ‘‘Shia Crescent’’ stretching to the Mediterranean and consisting of Iraq, Syria, and Lebanon. To their south and west, they see Iran gaining control of Yemen. Shia Iran is so obsessed with its race to dominate the Middle East that it is funneling millions of dollars to the Sunni ter-rorist group Hamas, to fund their war against Israel, even though the Sunnis are religious enemies. 
Tehran has a 9-figure line item in its 
budget to support terrorism, sending hundreds of millions of dollars to var-ious groups each year; the payments to Hezbollah alone are as much as $200 million annually. According to Cana-dian intelligence, ‘‘[I]n February 1999, it was reported that Palestinian police discovered documents that attest to the transfer of $35 million to Hamas from the Iranian Intelligence Service (MOIS), money reportedly meant to fi-nance terrorist activities against Israeli targets.’’ Illustrating how such support is part of official government policy, from 2001 to 2006, Iran trans-ferred $50 million to Hezbollah fronts in Lebanon by sending funds from its central bank through Bank Saderat’s London office. 
Mr. President, 40 years ago, Richard 
Nixon confronted Soviet incursions into the Middle East. The so called Nixon Doctrine laid the foundation for a peaceful pro-Western resolution of the various crises in the region. Nixon made it clear to everyone that the United States would not abandon Israel. Israel would be backed by the power of the United States in any con-flict with its Soviet backed Arab neighbors and against the Soviet Union itself. One by one, Egypt, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and the Emirates, recog-nized the futility of armed hostility to Israel and backed away from Moscow and made peace, an imperfect peace but peace nonetheless. Golda Meir called President Nixon ‘‘the best friend Israel ever had.’’ 
In the region’s west, Nixon promoted 
a secular pro-Western Iran, albeit under the imperfect leadership of the Shah. Nevertheless, the Shah bottled 
the Soviet Navy from entering the Per-sian Gulf and Iran’s economy took off— until Jimmy Carter decided to aid the transfer of the Ayatollah Khomeini from his Paris exile back to Iran—in the name of human rights. We have reaped the whirlwind. 
Now we have the Obama Doctrine. 
America is the problem. Israel is viewed as an obstacle to peace and Iran is treated as another oppressed con-stituency with legitimate grievances against the West, so much so that when millions of Iranians took to the streets against the mullahs, President Obama did nothing and said nothing— strengthening the hand of the clerics. When the Egyptian generals overthrew the Muslim Brotherhood, who were waging war against Coptic Christians and openly spoke of renewing the fight against Israel—the State Department condemned them as ‘‘undemocratic.’’ The old American alliances are col-lapsing in confusion and fear and the only answer from the administration seems to be to clear Iran’s path toward a nuclear weapon. 
The greatest concession in the cur-
rent negotiations has been the aban-donment of the original U.S. position of preventing Iran from having a nu-clear-weapons capability. This was the stance of the Bush administration. It was also the position of the Obama ad-ministration until November 2013. This is a disaster. Here is what we know as acknowledged by the Obama adminis-tration negotiators including the Sec-retaries of State and Energy: 
There will be no limits on Iran’s bal-
listic-missile force, the means for de-livering its nuclear weapons. The U.S. position of seeking limits on the mis-sile force was abandoned when the Su-preme Leader objected and Obama con-ceded. 
There will be no resolution of Iran’s 
weaponization activities. Iran will promise once again to cooperate with the IAEA, but no one expects anything other than more Iranian obstacles. A resolution of weaponization activities was also a precondition for an agree-ment. 
Inspections will be based on managed 
access but only on Iran’s terms. At one point, the U.S. insisted that effective verification required full access to fa-cilities and people. Under the Obama plan there will be no inspections of military sites much less suspected cov-ert facilities such as the Lavizan-3 site or the Fordow weapons complex buried deep in the Iranian mountains. 
Obama will allow the Arak heavy- 
water reactor to be modified but not in any way that prevents Iran from using it to produce plutonium for weapons. Again, the initial Obama position was that the reactor must be dismantled. 
The economic sanctions, particularly 
the banking freeze that wrecked the Iranian economy will be lifted. In fact, Tehran has already received billions of dollars just for continuing the negotia-tions. It has already freed the Russians to sell the advanced S–300 air defense 
system. As agitation against the mullahs was growing we have given them a lifeline. Squeezing Iran eco-nomically, aided by the fall in world-wide oil prices, was the surest way to force concessions. Once the sanctions are lifted it will be nearly impossible to go back. 
The restrictions on Iran’s nuclear 
program will reportedly be phased out after 10 years, a period shorter than the time it has taken to negotiate the agreement. The original U.S. position was that restrictions would be perma-nent. As Henry Kissinger said, far from enabling the President’s goal of dis-engaging from the Middle East, the framework will necessitate a deepening involvement in the region under a com-plex ‘‘new order’’ dictated by a nuclear Iran. 
Iran will be allowed to operate thou-
sands of centrifuges to enrich uranium and to pursue research and develop-ment of more advanced systems. The original U.S. position—backed by mul-tiple U.N. Security Council resolutions demanding complete suspension of all enrichment activities—was zero en-richment and zero centrifuges. Under President Obama, zero was abandoned as unrealistic, and the number of per-mitted centrifuges moved up, accord-ing to the Secretary of Energy from 1,000 to 4,000 to 6,000. Iran has rejected each offer as insufficient, only to be re-warded with a better one. That is how the administration negotiates—from behind. 
In his 1987 State of the Union Ad-
dress, Ronald Regan warned us: 
Our approach is not to seek agreement for 
agreement’s sake but to settle only for agreements that truly enhance our national security and that of our allies. We will never put our security at risk or that of our allies just to reach an agreement . . . No agree-ment is better than a bad agreement. 
There you have it. Our allies—Israel, 
Saudi Arabia, the Gulf States, Jordan, and Egypt—are worried. Tehran is on the march and moving closer to nu-clear status. As Charles Krauthammer noted, ‘‘the one great hope for Middle East peace, the strategic anchor for forty years’’, is giving the green light to both. That is not a legacy of which to be proud. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE NEVADA 
APPEAL’S 150TH BIRTHDAY 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to recognize the 150th birthday of the Silver State’s oldest daily news-paper, the Nevada Appeal. I am proud to honor this publication that brings high-quality news to Nevada’s capital. 
Growing up in Carson City, this 
newspaper has played a role in my life since I was a young boy. Each morning, two of my brothers would deliver the Nevada Appeal to the local community. Of course, I was their No. 1 substitute 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.047 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2729 May 7, 2015 
whenever they were unable to go. Dur-
ing this time, the paper was located at the Brewery Art Center. We went there each morning to fold the papers and take off to deliver them. These are memories I will never forget. It gives me great pleasure to see this publica-tion celebrate 150 years, making it the longest continuously operating busi-ness in Carson City. 
The Nevada Appeal, originally called 
the Carson Daily Appeal, was founded on May 16, 1865, by local businessmen E.F. McElwin, J. Barrett, and Marshall Robinson. Original editor Harry Mighels joined the team only a few days later. Over the next 100 years, the Nevada Appeal would see about 30 com-petitors. By 1868, Mighels had bought a few of the other local publications, and in 1870, he sold to C.L. Perkins and H.S. Street. In February of 1872, John Boothe, a newsman of Gold Hill, Vir-ginia City, and Unionville, bought the paper. Following this in September of 1872, Mighels re-bought the newspaper and kept it in the family until 1945, when it was bought by W.L. Davis. In 1947, the paper was sold to Arthur Suverkrup, who changed the name to Nevada Appeal. Donrey Media bought out the paper in 1951 and then sold it to an investor group in 1993. Finally, in 1995, the Nevada Appeal was sold to Swift Communications, which remains the owner today. 
The newspaper is delivered 6 days a 
week, Tuesday through Sunday, in the mornings and has a daily readership of over 25,000, including 35,000 on Sundays. It has been recognized by the Nevada Press Association, Associated Press, and Swift Communications, receiving numerous awards. The accolades are well deserved, recognizing the hard work of the staff and quality of the writing. 
Throughout its 150 years, the Nevada 
Appeal has demonstrated profes-sionalism, commitment to excellence, and dedication to the highest standards of journalism. I am both humbled and honored to call this publication a his-toric piece of Nevada. Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Nevada Appeal on its 150th birthday. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING FAVIL WEST 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to congratulate Favil West, co-founder and president of the Founda-tion Assisting Seniors, on receiving Ne-vada Senior Citizen of the Year for 2015. It gives me great pleasure to rec-ognize his years of hard work and dedi-cation to Southern Nevada’s senior community. 
Mr. West started the nonprofit orga-
nization in 2002, seeking to improve the quality of life for seniors. The founda-tion assists with challenges during times of illness, recovery, confinement at home, and coping with loss of a loved one, as well as provides assist-ance with everyday tasks such as household maintenance and transpor-tation. Mr. West leads the board of trustees and also works with the foun-
dation committees to ensure all seniors are being served effectively and effi-ciently. The individual committees provide transportation to drive seniors to health service appointments and to the grocery store, provide minor home maintenance services, deliver an inven-tory of durable medical equipment, and maintain a resource directory with in-formation on free services. Each year, the foundation responds to thousands of requests to care for senior citizens in Southern Nevada. Mr. West’s work in the local community is invaluable. 
He has contributed greatly to grow-
ing the foundation, which now serves multiple communities throughout Southern Nevada. He spearheaded a new program, the HowRU Program, which is designed to minimize risks of seniors living alone by maintaining contact with clients. Subscribers are contacted daily to eliminate unre-ported injuries in the senior commu-nity. He has also improved outreach to garner more volunteers and commu-nity support to aid in transportation, equipment, and home maintenance needs. 
Mr. West received the ‘‘Premier Com-
munity Award for Making a Difference in Their Neighborhood’’ from the city of Henderson in December of 2014. He also received 8 News Now Acts of Kind-ness recognition in October 2014 and FOX 5 News Shining Star recognition in 2013. 
It is not only Mr. West’s work in the 
senior community that deserves rec-ognition, but also his service to our great Nation as a Vietnam-era combat veteran. I extend my deepest gratitude to Mr. West for his courageous con-tributions to the United States of America. His service to his country and his bravery earn him a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly defended our Nation. 
I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans 
to join me in recognizing Favil West, whose work is both noble and chari-table. I am humbled and honored to recognize Mr. West for his tireless ef-forts in helping our senior community, and I wish him the best of luck in all of his future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING CROWNS 4 KIDS 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, many of 
our Nation’s successful small busi-nesses started as an idea that took root from big dreams and even bigger imagi-nations. This week’s Small Business of the Week, Crowns 4 Kids of Madison-ville, LA, is an excellent example of how our next generation of Louisian-ians are dreaming big and influencing the world around them. 
Earlier this year when Harlan Jack-
son Adams began painting acrylic pic-tures of crowns for his mother, Erica Adams, he had no idea how far his fun, quirky canvases would go. Word quick-ly spread across his mother’s social media accounts that her talented son had found a new hobby. Friends and family began requesting crown paint-
ings of their own, and within 2 weeks, young Harlan had over 200 orders to fill. 
Demand for Adam’s simple, elegant 
crowns grew so much among friends and family that the young entre-preneur decided to share his success with kids in need. Erica was astonished when her 7-year-old proclaimed that he wanted to donate his profits to the can-cer center at Children’s Hospital New Orleans. Unaware that Harlan knew about or understood what cancer is, Erica was overwhelmingly proud of her son’s humility and generosity when he explained that two kids he knew were battling cancer and he wanted to help. Harlan is now an honorary member of the Distributive Education Clubs of America, a youth entrepreneurship or-ganization, and plans to continue his charitable work. 
When our young folks take the ini-
tiative to help others in the capacity that young Harlan has, we owe them our utmost respect and recognition. It is my great honor to recognize Harlan Jackson Adams and Crowns 4 Kids as Small Business of the Week. Thank you for inspiring both kids and adults to dream big and give generously. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following concurrent resolution 
was read, and placed on the calendar: 
S. Con. Res. 16. Concurrent resolution stat-
ing the policy of the United States regarding the release of United States citizens in Iran. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. 
CRAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
ENZI, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
ISAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R OBERTS , 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. 
VITTER , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. R ISCH, 
Mr. S COTT, Mr. W ICKER , and Ms. 
AYOTTE ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:41 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.046 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2730 May 7, 2015 
S. 1238. A bill to provide for an accounting 
of total United States contributions to the United Nations; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. 
By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Mr. 
G
RASSLEY , and Mrs. F ISCHER ): 
S. 1239. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act 
with respect to the ethanol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure limitations under that Act; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. 
U
DALL ): 
S. 1240. A bill to designate the Cerro del 
Yuta and Rio San Antonio Wilderness Areas in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. CANTWELL: 
S. 1241. A bill to provide for the moderniza-
tion, security, and resiliency of the electric grid, to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out programs for research, develop-ment, demonstration, and information-shar-ing for cybersecurity for the energy sector, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KING: 
S. 1242. A bill to amend the Natural Gas 
Act to require the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission to consider regional con-straints in natural gas supply and whether a proposed LNG terminal would benefit re-gional consumers of natural gas before ap-proving or disapproving an application for the LNG terminal, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Ms. 
H
IRONO , and Mr. K ING): 
S. 1243. A bill to facilitate modernizing the 
electric grid, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. 
M
ARKEY ): 
S. 1244. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to establish signal quality and content requirements for the carriage of public, educational, and governmental chan-nels, to preserve support of such channels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. M
CCASKILL: 
S. 1245. A bill to provide for oversight of, 
and place restrictions on, Federal programs that provide equipment to law enforcement agencies; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself and 
Mr. B
OOZMAN ): 
S. 1246. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to revise the definition of municipal solid waste for purposes of the re-newable electricity production credit; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself and 
Mr. B LUNT ): 
S. 1247. A bill to designate Union Station 
in Washington, DC, as ‘‘Harry S. Truman Union Station’’; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. 
V
ITTER ): 
S. 1248. A bill to amend the Federal Re-
serve Act to reform the Federal Reserve Sys-tem; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , and Mr. B OOKER ): 
S. 1249. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Re-
porting Act to provide protections for active duty military consumers, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
S
CHUMER , and Mr. C ASEY ): 
S. 1250. A bill to encourage States to re-
quire the installation of residential carbon monoxide detectors in homes, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. MARKEY: 
S. 1251. A bill to implement the Amend-
ment to the Convention on Future Multilat-eral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries, as adopted by Lisbon, Portugal on September 28, 2007; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself and Mr. 
I
SAKSON ): 
S. 1252. A bill to authorize a comprehensive 
strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition security, promote inclusive, sus-tainable, agricultural-led economic growth, improve nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resilience among vulnerable populations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. B
EN-
NET): 
S. 1253. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide coverage of certain disposable medical technologies under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and 
Ms. S
TABENOW ): 
S. 1254. A bill to provide for the issuance 
and sale of a semipostal by the United States Postal Service to support effective programs targeted at improving permanency outcomes for youth in foster care; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. MERKLEY: 
S. 1255. A bill to designate certain Bureau 
of Land Management land in the State of Or-egon as wilderness, to authorize certain land exchanges in the State of Oregon, and to convey certain Bureau of Land Management land in the State of Oregon to Wheeler Coun-ty, Oregon, for economic and community de-velopment purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. FRANKEN: 
S. 1256. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to establish an energy storage re-search program, loan program, and technical assistance and grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. S
AND-
ERS, and Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 1257. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to modify authorities relating to the collective bargaining of employees in the Veterans Health Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. FRANKEN: 
S. 1258. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to establish a distributed energy loan program and technical assistance and grant program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. 
B
ENNET ): 
S. 1259. A bill to establish a grant program 
to allow National Laboratories to provide vouchers to small business concerns to im-prove commercialization of technologies de-veloped at National Laboratories and the technology-driven economic impact of com-mercialization in the regions in which Na-tional Laboratories are located, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Ms. W
AR-
REN, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Mr. 
PETERS ): 
S. 1260. A bill to direct the Federal Com-
munications Commission to revise and up-date its sponsorship identification rules ap-
plicable to commercial and political adver-tising; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ORAN ): 
S. 1261. A bill to ensure that methods of 
collecting taxes and fees by private citizens on behalf of State and local governments are fair and effective and do not discriminate against interstate commerce for wireless telecommunications; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. HIRONO: 
S. 1262. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to establish tax-preferred Small Business Start-up Savings Accounts; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. HIRONO: 
S. 1263. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment of a Clean Energy Technology Manu-facturing and Export Assistance Fund to as-sist United States businesses with exporting clean energy technology products and serv-ices; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. K
IRK, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K AINE, Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. S ANDERS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. M URPHY , and Mr. R EED): 
S.J. Res. 15. A joint resolution removing 
the deadline for the ratification of the equal rights amendment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARDIN , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND ): 
S.J. Res. 16. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to equal rights for men and women; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. 
ROUNDS , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. 
INHOFE ): 
S. Res. 174. A resolution recognizing May 
2015 as ‘‘Jewish American Heritage Month’’ 
and honoring the contributions of Jewish Americans to the United States of America; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
CASEY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. K IRK, Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. M URPHY , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Ms. H IRONO , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. H EINRICH , and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ): 
S. Res. 175. A resolution recognizing the 
roles and contributions of the teachers of the United States to building and enhancing the civic, cultural, and economic well-being of the United States; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , 
Mr. R UBIO, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B LUNT , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. 
ISAKSON , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ): 
S. Con. Res. 16. A concurrent resolution 
stating the policy of the United States re-garding the release of United States citizens in Iran; placed on the calendar. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:31 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.012 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2731 May 7, 2015 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 192 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
192, a bill to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96-hour physician certification re-quirement for inpatient critical access hospital services. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from 
Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 298, a bill to amend ti-tles XIX and XXI of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide States with the op-tion of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for children with medically complex conditions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 373 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
373, a bill to provide for the establish-ment of nationally uniform and envi-ronmentally sound standards gov-erning discharges incidental to the nor-mal operation of a vessel. 
S. 389 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
389, a bill to amend section 1111(h)(1)(C)(i) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to re-quire that annual State report cards reflect the same race groups as the de-cennial census of population. 
S. 586 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 586, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to foster more effective implementation and co-ordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that result from diabetes. 
S. 607 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 607, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a five-year extension of the rural community hospital demonstration program, and for other purposes. 
S. 619 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. RUBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
619, a bill to include among the prin-cipal trade negotiating objectives of the United States regarding commer-cial partnerships trade negotiating ob-jectives with respect to discouraging activity that discourages, penalizes, or otherwise limits commercial relations with Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from New 
Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ), the Senator from 
Texas (Mr. C ORNYN ), the Senator from 
Arkansas (Mr. C OTTON ), the Senator 
from Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ), the Sen-
ator from Virginia (Mr. K AINE), the 
Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL), the Senator from Oregon (Mr. 
MERKLEY ), the Senator from Alaska 
(Ms. M URKOWSKI ), the Senator from 
Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ), the Senator 
from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. S COTT), the 
Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Rhode 
Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 697, a bill to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act to reau-thorize and modernize that Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 727 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name 
of the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 727, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include bio-mass heating appliances for tax credits available for energy-efficient building property and energy property. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the names of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Sen-
ator from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ), 
the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. B OXER ), the Senator from 
New York (Mr. S CHUMER ), the Senator 
from Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ), the 
Senator from Illinois (Mr. D URBIN ), the 
Senator from Vermont (Mr. L EAHY ) and 
the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K AINE) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 746, a bill to provide for the establishment of a Commission to Accelerate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 772 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 772, a bill to secure the Fed-eral voting rights of persons when re-leased from incarceration. 
S. 841 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from South Da-
kota (Mr. R OUNDS ) and the Senator 
from Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 841, a bill to expand eligibility for health care under the Veterans Access, Choice, and Ac-countability Act of 2014 to include cer-tain veterans seeking mental health care, and for other purposes. S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide con-sistent and reliable authority for, and for the funding of, the Land and Water Conservation Fund to maximize the ef-fectiveness of the Fund for future gen-erations, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Arkan-sas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from 
Maine (Mr. K ING) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Victim Com-pensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1099, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to provide States with flexibility in deter-mining the size of employers in the small group market. 
S. 1109 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1109, a bill to require adequate information regarding the tax treat-ment of payments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 1119 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) and the Senator 
from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1119, a bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commission. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ), the Senator from Colo-
rado (Mr. B ENNET ), the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ), the Senator 
from Indiana (Mr. D ONNELLY ), the Sen-
ator from New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ), 
the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from Delaware 
(Mr. C OONS ), the Senator from Wash-
ington (Mrs. M URRAY ) and the Senator 
from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to des-ignate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for viola-tions of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1126 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1126, a bill to modify and extend the National Guard State Part-nership Program. 
S. 1148 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
names of the Senator from New York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.014 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2732 May 7, 2015 
(Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator 
from New Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for the distribution of additional residency positions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1188 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1188, a bill to provide for a tem-porary, emergency authorization of de-fense articles, defense services, and re-lated training directly to the Kurdistan Regional Government, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 4 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Con. Res. 4, a concurrent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
S. RES. 143 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. Res. 143, a resolution sup-porting efforts to ensure that students have access to debt-free higher edu-cation. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
North Dakota (Ms. H EITKAMP ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. Res. 168, a resolution recognizing National Foster Care Month as an opportunity to raise awareness about the challenges of chil-dren in the foster care system, and en-couraging Congress to implement pol-icy to improve the lives of children in the foster care system. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 174—RECOG-
NIZING MAY 2015 AS ‘‘JEWISH AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH’’ AND HONORING THE CONTRIBU-TIONS OF JEWISH AMERICANS TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. 
R
OUNDS , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. I NHOFE ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 174 
Whereas in May of each year, people across 
the United States recognize and celebrate over 350 years of Jewish contributions to the United States through recognizing Jewish American Heritage Month; 
Whereas Congress has a decades-long tradi-
tion of officially recognizing Jewish Amer-ican heritage. 
Whereas, in the words of President Ronald 
Reagan, ‘‘[a]t this time of year, it is appro-priate for all Americans to acknowledge how much our country has benefitted from the contributions of American Jews’’; 
Whereas May has been designated Jewish 
American Heritage Month since 2006; Whereas the United States has always been 
a nation built on the achievements of immi-grants, and Jewish Americans have strength-ened the society of the United States and contributed significantly to all areas of life in the United States since the time when Jewish immigrants first arrived on the shores of the United States; 
Whereas the success of Jewish Americans 
is a reminder of the gift of religious freedom and the importance of strong commitment to community and faith; 
Whereas 2015 is the 70th anniversary of the 
end of the Holocaust and honoring the sur-vivors of the Holocaust and their remarkable stories is more important than ever; 
Whereas much work has been done in di-
verse cities such as New York to foster transformational social change and unite people of every racial, ethnic, cultural, and religious background; and 
Whereas countless Jewish Americans and 
Jewish organizations have enriched the soci-ety of the United States and shaped this great country, including— 
(1) a Czechoslovakian immigrant who sur-
vived the Holocaust as a small child, au-thored an inspiring story of her survival, A 
Candle in the Heart , and has devoted her life 
to telling her story to make the world a bet-ter place and stop hatred; 
(2) Jewish Americans who fight for justice 
on behalf of those least able to defend them-selves; 
(3) Jewish Americans who are devoted to 
advancing civil rights for all people of the United States and promoting intercultural understanding; 
(4) a Bukharian Chief Rabbi who came to 
the United States as a young immigrant and worked to build the Bukharian American community from a small group into a vast community of over 65,000 members, many of whom immigrated to the United States seek-ing a better life free from oppression; and 
(5) Aish HaTorah International, the largest 
Jewish outreach organization of its kind in the world, which demonstrates that in the United States, people may freely connect with their culture and religious heritage and contribute to the fabric of life in the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes May 2015 as Jewish American 
Heritage Month and will celebrate Jewish American heritage on May 20, 2015; and 
(2) expresses appreciation for the signifi-
cant contributions made by Jewish Ameri-cans to the United States of America. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 175—RECOG-
NIZING THE ROLES AND CON-TRIBUTIONS OF THE TEACHERS OF THE UNITED STATES TO BUILDING AND ENHANCING THE CIVIC, CULTURAL, AND ECO-NOMIC WELL-BEING OF THE UNITED STATES 
Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
CASEY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. K IRK, Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Mr. C OONS , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. M URPHY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. B OOKER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, and Mr. M ENENDEZ ) submitted the 
following resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 175 
Whereas education and knowledge provide 
the foundation of the current and future strength of the United States; 
Whereas teachers and other education staff 
have earned and deserve the respect of stu-dents and communities for the selfless dedi-
cation of the teachers to community service and to the futures of the children of the United States; 
Whereas the purpose of National Teacher 
Appreciation Week, celebrated from May 4 through May 8, 2015, is to raise public aware-ness of the unquantifiable contributions of teachers and to promote greater respect and understanding for the teaching profession; and 
Whereas students, schools, communities, 
and a number of organizations representing educators are hosting teacher appreciation events in recognition of National Teacher Appreciation Week: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate thanks the 
teachers of the United States and promotes the profession of teaching by encouraging students, parents, school administrators, and public officials to participate in teacher ap-preciation events during National Teacher Appreciation Week. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 16—STATING THE POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES RE-GARDING THE RELEASE OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS IN IRAN 
Mr. RISCH (for himself, Mr. C
RAPO , 
Mr. R UBIO, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B LUNT , Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. I SAKSON , 
and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) submitted the fol-
lowing concurrent resolution; which was placed on the calendar: 
S. C ON. RES. 16 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. STATEMENT OF POLICY ON RELEASE 
OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS IN IRAN. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Saeed Abedini of Idaho is a Christian 
pastor unjustly detained in Iran since 2012 and sentenced to eight years in prison on charges related to his religious beliefs. 
(2) Amir Hekmati of Michigan is a former 
United States Marine unjustly detained in 2011 while visiting his Iranian relatives and sentenced to 10 years in prison for espionage. 
(3) Jason Rezaian of California is a Wash-
ington Post journalist credentialed by the Government of Iran. He was unjustly de-tained in 2014 and has been held without a trial. 
(4) Robert Levinson of Florida is a former 
Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI) offi-cial who disappeared in 2007 in Iran. He is the longest held United States citizen in United States history. 
(b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy 
of the United States that— 
(1) the Government of the Islamic Republic 
of Iran should immediately release Saeed Abedini, Amir Hekmati, and Jason Rezaian, and cooperate with the United States Gov-ernment to locate and return Robert Levinson; and 
(2) the United States Government should 
undertake every effort using every diplo-matic tool at its disposal to secure their im-mediate release. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1216. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself 
and Mr. C ARDIN ) to the bill H.R. 1191, to pro-
vide for congressional review and oversight 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.015 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2733 May 7, 2015 
of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear pro-
gram, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1217. Mr. RUBIO submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself 
and Mr. C ARDIN ) to the bill H.R. 1191, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1218. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER  
(for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to the bill H.R. 
1191, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1219. Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARDIN ) proposed an amendment to amend-
ment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C ORKER (for 
himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to the bill H.R. 1191, 
supra. 
SA 1220. Mr. CORKER proposed an amend-
ment to the bill H.R. 1191, supra. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1216. Mr. RUBIO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to 
the bill H.R. 1191, to provide for con-gressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 28, line 18, insert ‘‘, including any 
agreed text for any United Nations Security Council resolutions to be considered with re-spect to Iran’’ after ‘‘future’’. 
SA 1217. Mr. RUBIO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to 
the bill H.R. 1191, to provide for con-gressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 2, line 16, strike ‘‘agreement; and’’ 
and insert ‘‘agreement;’’. 
On page 3, line 15, strike ‘‘purpose.’’ and in-
sert ‘‘purpose; and’’. 
On page 3, between lines 15 and 16, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(D) the agreed text or agreed parameters 
of any United Nations Security Council reso-lutions to be considered with respect to Iran. 
SA 1218. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and Mr. C ARDIN ) to 
the bill H.R. 1191, to provide for con-gressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 15, between lines 18 and 19, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(L) An assessment of the relationship be-
tween Iran and any country of proliferation concern, as that term is defined in section 1055(g)(2) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (50 U.S.C. 2371(g)(2)), including specifically an assess-ment of any sharing or transfer of any goods, materials, technology, or information re-lated to the creation, research, development, deployment, or use of dual use material, bal-listic missiles, fissile material, nuclear weapons, or related items. SA 1219. Mr. CORKER (for himself 
and Mr. C ARDIN ) proposed an amend-
ment to amendment SA 1140 proposed by Mr. C
ORKER (for himself and Mr. 
CARDIN ) to the bill H.R. 1191, to provide 
for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nu-clear program, and for other purposes; as follows: 
On page 7, line 17, strike ‘‘the Congress’’ 
and insert ‘‘both Houses of Congress’’. 
On page 7, strike line 24 and insert ‘‘such 
passage.’’. 
On page 8, line 6, strike ‘‘the Congress’’ and 
insert ‘‘both Houses of Congress’’. 
On page 9, between lines 2 and 3, insert the 
following: 
‘‘(7) D EFINITION .—In the House of Rep-
resentatives, for purposes of this subsection, the terms ‘‘transmittal,’’ ‘‘transmitted,’’ and ‘‘transmission’’ mean transmittal, trans-mitted, and transmission, respectively, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
On page 10, lines 13 and 14, strike ‘‘the Con-
gress adopts, and there is enacted,’’ and in-sert ‘‘there is enacted’’. 
On page 10, lines 17 and 18, strike ‘‘the Con-
gress adopts, and there is enacted’’ and in-sert ‘‘there is enacted’’. 
On page 13, line 17, strike ‘‘enhance’’ and 
insert ‘‘reduce’’. 
On page 17, line 9, strike ‘‘covert action’’ 
and insert ‘‘covert activities’’. 
On page 19, strike lines 8 through 17 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(e) E
XPEDITED CONSIDERATION OF LEGISLA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) I NITIATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the event the Presi-
dent does not submit a certification pursu-ant to subsection (d)(6) during each 90-day period following the review period provided in subsection (b), or submits a determination pursuant to subsection (d)(3) that Iran has materially breached an agreement subject to subsection (a) and the material breach has not been cured, qualifying legislation intro-duced within 60 calendar days of such event shall be entitled to expedited consideration pursuant to this subsection. 
‘‘(B) D
EFINITION .—In the House of Rep-
resentatives, for purposes of this paragraph, the terms ‘submit’ and ‘submits’ mean sub-mit and submits, respectively, to the Speak-er of the House of Representatives. 
SA 1220. Mr. CORKER proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 1191, to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to 
provide for congressional review and over-sight of agreements relating to Iran’s nu-clear program, and for other purposes.’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , NUTRITION , AND 
FORESTRY  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 7, 2015 at 10 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Child Nutrition Programs.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 7, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Jihad 2.0: Social Media in the Next Evolution of Ter-rorist Recruitment.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 7, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘S. 1137, the ‘‘PATENT ACT’’—Finding Effective Solutions to Address Abusive Patent Practices.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 7, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Bianca Ortiz Wertheim, a member of my staff, be given floor privileges today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT 
AGREEMENT—S. CON. RES. 16 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that S. Con. Res. 16, submitted earlier today, be placed on the calendar; and that at 5 p.m. on Monday, May 11, the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 16; that there be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form and the Senate then vote on adoption of the concurrent res-olution with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT 
AGREEMENT—H.R. 1314 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, the cloture vote with respect to the motion to proceed to H.R. 1314 occur at 2:30 p.m., Tuesday, May 12. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:46 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.020 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2734 May 7, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE ROLES AND 
CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE TEACH-ERS OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 175, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 175) recognizing the 
roles and contributions of the teachers of the United States to building and enhancing the civic, cultural, and economic well-being of the United States. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 175) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MAY 11, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, May 11; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following any leader re-marks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators per-mitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
Senators should expect a vote in rela-tion to S. Con. Res. 16, at 5:30 p.m. on Monday. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators C
OTTON and C ARPER . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING LIEUTENANT 
COLONEL ROBERT L. HITE 
Mr. COTTON. Fellow Members, today 
I recognize a distinguished American hero, Lieutenant Colonel Robert Hite of Camden, AK, who died last month at the age of 95. 
Just months after the attack on 
Pearl Harbor, on December 7, 1941, a group of courageous young pilots flew Army Air Forces bombers off the deck of the USS Hornet in the Pacific Ocean to carry out a dangerous, low-altitude bombing attack on Japan’s home is-lands. The Doolittle Raid provided an enormous morale boost for Americans with a crushing blow to the imperial regime in Tokyo. 
Among these brave men was an Ar-
kansan, Colonel Robert L. Hite. Colo-nel Hite had enlisted as an aviation cadet on September 9, 1940. He was later commissioned as a second lieu-tenant and rated as a pilot on May 29, 1941. Almost bumped from the mission because of space limitations, Colonel Hite was assigned as a copilot ulti-mately to the B–25 ‘‘Bat Out of Hell.’’ He rejected his fellow airmen’s at-tempts to buy his spot on the plane and launched his mission on April 19, 1942. 
Lieutenant Colonel Hite’s aircraft 
successfully carried out a low-level bombing run on an aircraft factory and fuel depot in Nagoya, Japan, but in-clement weather forced the crew to bail out over Japanese-controlled terri-tory as their plane ran low on fuel. Lieutenant Colonel Hite landed in a Japanese rice paddy field, where he was captured and sentenced to execution. 
Lieutenant Colonel Hite served 40 
months in a Japanese prison—38 of them in solitary confinement—where 
he was tortured and endured brutal conditions. Following V–J Day, Lieu-tenant Colonel Hite was freed on Au-gust 20, 1945. He returned home and married his first wife Portia 1 year later. 
Lieutenant Colonel Hite later re-
turned to active service, training pilots overseas during the Korean war from 1951 to 1955. After leaving Active Duty, he and Portia moved home to Camden, AR, where he managed the Camden Hotel until 1965. 
Lieutenant Colonel Hite was widowed 
in 1999 and later married his late wife, Dorothy. 
Lieutenant Colonel Hite is survived 
by two children, five grandchildren, seven great-grandchildren, and two great-great-grandchildren. 
On April 18, just 2 weeks after his 
death, and the 73rd anniversary of the Doolittle Raid, Lieutenant Colonel Hite and his fellow soldiers were post-humously awarded the Congressional Gold Medal of Honor. 
Arkansans young and old and all 
Americans can appreciate Lieutenant Colonel Hite’s service to his family, his community, and his Nation—a fine ex-ample for us all to emulate. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I see my colleague, 
the Senator from Delaware. I know he asked for time. I didn’t ask for time set aside for myself. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I appreciate Senator 
C
ARPER , and I know he asked for time, 
so I will yield for his remarks. 
f 
PUBLIC SERVICE RECOGNITION 
WEEK 
TRIBUTE TO ADAM SCHILDGE AND MIA BEERS  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. CARPER. I thank my colleague 
for his graciousness. I told him I would speak for 10 minutes. It is usually about 10 hours, but I only have 10 min-utes. 
Mr. President, I rise today on the 
Senate floor to recognize the efforts of many of our Nation’s public servants. Since 1985, the very first week of May has been dedicated to highlighting the millions of hard-working Americans who serve our Nation as Federal em-ployees, State employees, county and local government employees, and mem-bers of the uniformed services, which I have been privileged to be one for some 23 years. 
This week marks the 30th annual 
Public Service Recognition Week and serves as an important opportunity for those here in the Senate to show our appreciation for their dedication and service to our community and to our Nation. 
Throughout my time in public office, 
including during my time on the Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs Committee, which I have been a member of now for about 14 years and which I chaired for the last 2 years, I have had the great pleasure of meeting with any number of dedicated and ac-complished public servants. In talking with them, I have been able to learn more about their work, more about their families, learn more about their commitment to public service that they share with all of us. 
Today, I would like to take a couple 
minutes to highlight the outstanding service of some of our public servants across our Federal Government. In these cases, their extraordinary service has directly impacted the lives of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.050 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2735 May 7, 2015 
Americans they serve. In fact, the two 
individuals I plan to highlight today are finalists for something called the Samuel J. Heyman Service to America Medals that are awarded by the Part-nership for Public Service each year. 
As you may know, on October 29, 
2012—at least we know in Delaware, New Jersey, and New York— Superstorm Sandy made landfall in the United States. Its impact up and down the east coast was, in a word, dev-astating. In another word, it was heart-breaking. New York, New Jersey, and parts of New England were hit particu-larly hard. My home State of Delaware was hit hard, too. Widespread flooding caused severe damage to many homes and businesses. Our transportation in-frastructure suffered, too. Roads and bridges were damaged or washed out, hurting commerce and transportation and cutting off access to hospitals, schools, and work. 
What we learned through the dif-
ficult recovery that followed is that sound and effective mitigation policies should be thoroughly calculated into any recovery effort. Through mitiga-tion, we can get better results, save money, and save lives. 
Following Superstorm Sandy, Con-
gress passed an almost $11 billion spe-cial transportation appropriations bill. A large portion of that funding—rough-ly one-third of it, $3.6 billion—was to be used for something called resilience grants dedicated to protecting the in-frastructure repaired after Sandy. 
A fellow named Adam Schildge— 
Adam Schildge—senior program ana-lyst at the Federal Transit Administra-tion in Washington, DC, was a key player in developing, implementing, and managing a competitive grant pro-gram to distribute those $3.6 billion in resilience funds. Those grants, once awarded, supported construction projects that will reduce the cost to taxpayers in cleaning up after future storms. They will also reduce the num-ber of lives and properties lost from powerful natural disasters. 
As you can imagine, the task as-
signed to him—here is Adam right here, Adam Schildge—the task as-signed to Adam was not an easy one. His mission was critical. His mission, basically, was to identify projects that, if funded, would get better results, save money, and save lives. In order to de-termine what projects should receive funding, Adam meticulously combed through grant application after grant application to assess the resilience of planned infrastructure projects. 
When I think of ‘‘resilience,’’ I think 
about how we save money in the future in the event that we have a storm of that nature again. And, believe me, we will. Because of Adam’s painstaking at-tention to detail, eye for innovation, and his dedication to the lives at stake during future storms, Adam was able to grant funding to transportation projects that will serve all Americans for generations to come and to endure the forces of extreme weather. According to Adam, he took the posi-
tion in public service because it was— these are his words—‘‘the greatest op-portunity to impact communities.’’ He went on to say: ‘‘I’ve always known I wanted to work for the public good and I’ve found a good way now to give back to communities across the country.’’ Those are his words. 
Our Nation’s public servants are 
making a difference across the globe too. 
As the Presiding Officer may remem-
ber, less than a year ago, a deadly epi-demic of the Ebola virus gripped Sierra Leone, Liberia, Guinea, and Mali. The severity and scale of the outbreak was an unprecedented challenge to the worldwide public health community. The rapid spread of the outbreak re-minded us that deadly and infectious diseases know no borders. 
It also sent us an important reminder 
to remember the parable of the Good Samaritan, that we should love our neighbors as ourselves. J
EFF, my 
friend, Senator S ESSIONS over here, 
knows the Bible pretty well. He recalls in the New Testament where some of the pharisees are trying to trick Jesus. They asked him a question. They said: What is the greatest commandment of all? 
Jesus responded: It is not just one; 
there are two. The first is to love the Lord thy God with all our heart, all our soul, all our mind. And then he said: The second great commandment is to love thy neighbor as thyself. 
The pharisees said: Well, who is our 
neighbor? He told them the parable of the Good Samaritan. That is where we come up with that. But in the spirit of the Good Samaritan—and the story goes back a couple of thousand years— thousands of public servants were dis-patched to battle Ebola at its epi-center, on the ground in Africa. 
A woman named Mia Beers—there 
she is. Mia Beers was one of those cou-rageous public servants. As the Direc-tor of the Humanitarian Policy and Global Engagement Division at the U.S. Agency for International Develop-ment, Mia led the U.S. Ebola Disaster Assistance Response Team into the epi-center of the epidemic in Monrovia, Li-beria. 
On the ground, Mia synchronized the 
efforts of thousands of public health and emergency response workers across five different Federal agencies. Under her leadership, the response team of-fered training support and contact tracing to better protect health work-ers in close contact with this deadly disease. 
She also worked closely with the 
State Department to strategize re-sponse efforts in real time, including ways to inform vulnerable populations about the disease as quickly and effi-ciently as possible. 
According to Mia’s colleagues, her 
robust leadership and coordination helped to steer the worldwide response out of the crisis mode and to stem the tide of the deadly global outbreak. Ac-cording to Mia, it was all because of— 
these are her words—‘‘the dedication and passion and knowledge’’ of the peo-ple who she worked with. 
Not long ago I was with Department 
of Homeland Security Deputy Sec-retary Alejandro Mayorkas, meeting with some Department of Homeland Security employees at a roundtable. The roundtable was focused on employ-ees and improving the employee mo-rale. During that meeting, he reiter-ated the profound impact that each employee has on his or her agency and the mission. All told—Ali Mayorkas told the story of an employee at NASA headquarters who was working late one night into the morning hours. The em-ployee finally gathered himself to leave, and he came across a custodian mopping the floors. He asked the em-ployee: What do you do? 
The custodian who was mopping the 
floors replied: I am putting a man on the moon. 
Think about that. I am putting a 
man on the moon. Every day that cus-todian went to work thinking he was part of an important mission. The same is true for employees across the Federal Government in its various agencies. These dedicated and hard-working public servants are just two among the hundreds of thousands who are making a difference in the lives of their fellow Americans every day. 
I want to encourage us all to visit a 
Web site that is called the Partnership for Public Service to learn more stories about some outstanding public serv-ants and public employees. Today and every day, I want to thank these em-ployees—we ought to thank these em-ployees—for their service, their humble service, their selfless service to our Na-tion. I hope they all know how impor-tant their work is—everything you do in this work across our country and around the world and that you know what brings joy to you. 
Let me close with this, if I could. I 
say through the Presiding Officer to my friend Senator S
ESSIONS : I was 
reading earlier this week in the news-clips that come to me from my staff— I was reading the results of an inter-view, I think, from interviews with maybe 1,500 very senior-level Federal employees. They were basically being asked: How do you like your job? A lot of them, frankly, reported they did not have the sense of satisfaction that they really had hoped for and expected they would have. 
They were asked: If something could 
change that would make you feel bet-ter about the work you do and people’s appreciation of the work you do, what would help the most? 
The first question they asked them 
was this: How about more pay? How about more of this or more of that? Be-lieve it or not, what most of them said they would like to have more of was just to be thanked. For somebody to say: The work that you do is impor-tant. We are grateful as a nation that you do this. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.055 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2736 May 7, 2015 
That is something all of us can do. I 
had a conversation here on the floor, I say to Senator S
ESSIONS , with J IM 
INHOFE , our colleague from Oklahoma. 
He talked about the TSA employees. When he flies home, back to Oklahoma, and flies out of here, either through Reagan—probably Reagan and on to Dallas and to Tulsa. He has gotten to know the TSA employees there. I think he makes a habit of thanking them for the work they do for all of us. 
I try to do the same sort of thing 
when I travel around the country. I bump into Coast Guard folks or other people, especially those who are associ-ated with the Department of Homeland Security. It is an easy thing to do, just say thank you for the work they do on behalf of all of us—especially if we tell them who we are. They will appreciate it, and it will make a difference in their lives, and maybe even a dif-ference in their performance going for-ward. Thank you so much. God bless. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, we 
have a lot of good people in the Senate, and Senator C
ARPER is one of the best. 
He does, indeed, live by the Golden Rule, and it is an inspiration to us—as I have told him more than once—when we have had hot debate in the Senate. He always keeps his good nature, his loving spirit, and always sets a good example. 
I say thank you to Senator C
ARPER . 
It is appropriate to thank Federal em-ployees for their work. Not counting the Army Reserve time, I have quite a few years myself in Federal service and love the people I have had the honor to work with. 
I ask that I be allowed to speak as in 
morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, we 
will be dealing soon—I guess next week—with trade promotion authority and the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement, the TPP. Conven-tional wisdom is that trade agreements are good. We should just move them forward. Let’s have an expedited fast- track process—a fast-track agreement with the TPA—and we will get this done and it is going to work out well for the American people. 
But in truth, I have to say, since I 
voted for every trade agreement, one virtually every year since I have been here—except one—the data doesn’t give us much confidence that a loosely drawn or improperly drawn agreement is going to help us. In fact, evidence in-dicates it is not helping us. It is not helping the economy of the United States. It is not helping growth. Some of these agreements have clearly exac-erbated our trade deficit. 
So it is a remarkable thing, and we 
want to believe in trade, and I do, but the United States has interests, our trading partners have interests, and 
our trading partners are far more mer-cantile, far more focused on increasing exports to foreign countries—to the biggest market in the world, the United States—and far more focused on blocking imports that would compete against locally manufactured products than the United States has been pro-ducing. 
Some say: Well, that is not a prob-
lem. The United States is smarter in the long run. But I would say I am looking at this more carefully now. 
I voted for the Korea agreement. Our 
Korean allies are good people. It is a great country. They achieved so much after the Korean war, and we are proud of them. We have many positive rela-tionships and a fabulous Hyundai plant in my State. It hires thousands, and they have suppliers that add thousands of jobs also. 
What about that agreement? I sup-
ported it. I thought it was a good agreement. It passed here by a substan-tial vote. But when you look at it, it didn’t work out as well as people said. 
The U.S. Federal Trade Commis-
sion—our own trade commission—esti-mated that the reduction of Korean tariffs against our exports to Korea and tariff rate quotas on goods alone would have added at least $10 billion to annual exports to Korea. That is $10 billion. Well, last year, three years after the agreement was passed, we didn’t export $10 billion; we exported less than $1 billion to Korea—$0.8 bil-lion. So that is a very huge difference, while at the same time Korea’s imports to the United States have surged and the trade deficit the United States had with Korea, which was already large, has almost doubled in that time. 
So I appreciate the complexity of the 
issue and want to talk about it. 
As we wrestle with how we continue 
with this situation with the TPP, trade promotion authority, I ask my col-leagues about some of the questions we ought to consider. I know there is a goal to move this thing forward fast rather than slow. The faster we get it done, the fewer questions that get asked, and we have fewer problems. But that is not our problem. That is not our duty. 
I wrote President Obama a letter yes-
terday. I made some comments and asked some questions that I believe are reasonable and fair questions to ask be-fore we vote on this agreement that he has been negotiating but that, of course, hasn’t completed the negotia-tions on. And, to the extent to which it has been reduced to writing, which is only partial, it is locked up in secret, and we are able to view it only pri-vately. We are not allowed to quote it or copy it to let the public know what is in it. 
I asked him: 
You have asked Congress to approve fast- 
track legislation (Trade Promotion Author-ity) that would allow international trade and regulatory agreements to be expedited through Congress for the next six years with-out amendment. Fast-track, which pro-
ponents hope to adopt within days, would also ensure that these agreements—none of which of have yet been made public—could pass with a simple majority vote, rather than the 67 votes applied to treaties or the 60 votes applied to important legislative mat-ters. 
This is one of the largest international 
compacts in the history of the United States. [It amounts to 40 percent of global GDP.] Yet, this agreement will be kept a closely- guarded secret until after Congress agrees to yield its institutional powers and provide the administration with a guaranteed ‘‘fast- track’’ to adoption. 
In other words, we are going to agree 
in advance, before we see the com-pleted deal, before it is made public, to allow this agreement to pass into effect without the ability to have any amend-ment to it or to fully understand it. 
I think that is a big ask of Congress. 
It has always been problematic to use this fast-track procedure. I have voted for trade agreements which were fast- tracked, I acknowledge, in the past, and maybe they have helped us some. 
But I do believe it is time for us to be 
a lot more careful today with the trade agreements that we sign and ask a lot more rigorously what impact it will have on working Americans, not just some capital group in the canyons of Wall Street. 
So I continued to write: 
The U.S. ran a record $51.4 billion trade 
deficit in March. 
That is a record first quarter, I be-
lieve. It was a six-year record this year for the trade deficit. That means the amount we export is vastly exceeded by the amount we import—$51.4 billion. 
Economists tell us—and I don’t think 
there is any dispute—that when you are evaluating trade growth you have to subtract trade deficits since they are a negative to growth. So our trade deficits are pulling down growth in America. They are pulling down job creation. They are pulling down wage growth. They are pulling down our economy. 
I continue to quote: 
This is especially concerning since, in 2011, 
assurances were made from the Administra-tion that the recent South Korea free trade deal would ‘‘increase exports of American goods by $10 billion to $11 billion.’’ But, in fact, American domestic exports to Korea in-creased by only $0.8 billion, an increase of 1.8 percent, while imports from Korea increased $12.6 billion, an increase of 22.5 percent. 
So, in other words, imports from 
Korea to the United States increased $12.6 billion. Our exports to them in-creased less than $1 billion. 
Continuing: 
Our trade deficit with Korea increased $11.8 
billion between 2011 and 2014, an increase of 80.4 percent, nearly doubling in the three years since the deal was ratified. 
And we were promised the other. We 
were promised it would enhance, dra-matically, exports. I continue: 
Overall, we have already lost more than 2.1 
million manufacturing jobs to the Asian Pa-cific region since 2001. 
Look, we know there are wage advan-
tages in Asia, but wages are going up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.053 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2737 May 7, 2015 
in a lot of Asian countries too. It is 
getting closer, and we have an advan-tage on better management. We have advantages on better infrastructure, and we have advantages on better en-ergy prices. So this is a huge loss to us. At some point we have to defend our American working people’s interest. 
I write: 
Former Nucor Steel Chairman Daniel 
DiMicco argues that we have not been en-gaged in free trade but in ‘‘unilateral trade disarmament and enablement of foreign mer-cantilism.’’ 
In other words, our agreements with 
trade have not overcome our trading competitors, our trading partners’ de-sire to maximize their exports and minimize their imports from us. We have to be honest about that; it is not theory. Simply eliminating tariffs does not solve the problem. History tells us that. 
So I continue to President Obama: 
Due to the enormity of what is at stake, I 
believe it is essential Congress have answers to the following questions before any vote is scheduled on ‘‘fast-track’’ authority. 
1. Regarding the ‘‘Living Agreement ″: 
There is a ‘‘living agreement’’ provision in TPP that allows the agreement to be changed after adoption—in effect, vesting TPP countries with a sweeping new form of global governance authority. TPP calls this new global authority the ‘‘Trans-Pacific Partnership Commission.’’ These measures are unprecedented. 
We have not had anything like a liv-
ing agreement in a trade agreement be-fore. 
Continuing: 
While I and other lawmakers have been 
able to view this provision in secret [the chamber downstairs], I believe it must be made public before any vote is scheduled on TPA, due to the extraordinary implications. 
I think it ought to be reviewed by 
independent scholars, lawyers, trade experts, to help us decide just what we are doing when we allow, apparently, the members who signed this agree-ment to meet at any point in time to adjust the meaning of the agreement and the provisions of the deal in order to adjust to changing circumstances. It is kind of like what the Supreme Court has been doing to our Constitution. 
2. Regarding trade deficits— 
I asked this question, colleagues. 
Isn’t it a fair question to ask, when we are asked to vote for this fast track— 
Will TPP increase or reduce our cumu-
lative trade deficit with TPP countries over-all, and with Japan and Vietnam specifi-cally? 
I want to know that. Don’t you want 
to know whether or not we are going to increase our deficit in trade with these member countries, in particular Japan and Vietnam, where we can expect real problems in the future, it seems to me? 
By the way, by far the biggest trade 
partner in our economy is the Japanese economy, in this agreement. Vietnam, with 100 million people, has the poten-tial to become a small China, as one expert said, and really be, very much, a competitor to the textile industry, hurting—most of all, one expert has said—Central American countries, such 
as Honduras, El Salvador. Those coun-tries that have been developing a tex-tile industry may find themselves un-dercut by Vietnam under this agree-ment. 
3. Regarding jobs and wages: Will TPP in-
crease or reduce the total number of manu-facturing jobs in the United States gen-erally, and American auto-manufacturing jobs specifically, accounting for jobs lost to increased imports? Will average hourly wages for U.S. workers, including in the automobile industry, go up or down and by how much? 
Let’s have a report on that. 
Shouldn’t we know that? 
4. Regarding China: Can TPP member 
countries add new countries, including China, to the agreement without future Con-gressional approval? 
Some say it can’t be done. Let’s have 
a clear answer to that. At first glance, it would appear that is possible. 
5. Regarding foreign workers, TPA is a 6- 
year authority to the President of the United States to negotiate trade deals. He can submit them to the Congress, and these agreements can be passed without amend-ment in a simple majority vote. So this is a 6-year authority which concludes into the fu-ture. We have had President Clinton, Presi-dent Bush, President whoever—Rubio, Cruz or whoever could be our President. So it would have that authority. 
Finally, I asked whether the adminis-
tration can state unconditionally that no agreement or Executive action, throughout the lifetime of TPA, will alter the number, duration, avail-ability, expiration enforcement, rules or processing time of guest worker, business, visitor, nonimmigrant or im-migrant visas to the United States. 
I think those are fair questions. I 
think we need to have answers to those before we vote on TPA, but I can tell you what the American people think. There have been some studies that say large numbers of people tend to be right when they express an opinion on things. 
This is Mr. Frank Luntz—I believe it 
is his poll. He asked this question on international trade. ‘‘Do free trade agreements the United States has signed with other countries over the past 2 decades benefit other countries or the United States?’’ 
That is a simple question. He asked 
the American people: What do you think? Do these agreements we have passed over the last 20 years—and I voted for a lot of them in the last 18 years I have been here—are they bene-fiting other countries or the United States? This is what the American peo-ple say: Seventy percent say it benefits other countries. Only 30 percent say it benefits the United States. 
I think people are deeply skeptical 
about what we have been doing regard-ing trade, and it is easy to dismiss their concerns and their skepticism, to say they are just not knowledgeable and we know more and that this move-ment of capital from New York, to Bei-jing, to Seoul, to Japan, to Chile is just fine and wonderful and it is going to make your life better. But the Amer-
ican people are not seeing that. 
Another poll asked the question: 
What about the effect of the free-trade agreements on wages the American people make. 
This is the question: 
Free trade agreements are treaties be-
tween countries reducing trade barriers, such as reducing tariffs for imported goods, agreeing to common standards and allowing market access to foreign companies. Do you think the United States making free trade agreements with other countries increases or decreases the level of wages paid in the United States or makes no difference? 
They asked this of the American peo-
ple. This is a YouGov poll. 
Answer: Increases the level of wages 
paid in the United States—11 percent. 
Now, we are told repeatedly: Oh, we 
need to sign these trade agreements. It is going to make your wages go up. It is going to be good for everybody. Don’t we hear that? And I have hoped that would be true, but only 11 percent of the American people think trade agreements have moved their wages up. 
What about the answer to the other 
part of that question. Decreases the wages paid in the United States—34 percent. 
So by more than a 3-to-1 majority 
the American people believe that trade agreements over the last 20 years are decreasing the level of wages in the United States rather than increasing them. Nineteen percent say it makes no difference and one-third say they do not know. 
We have to consider, colleagues, what 
is it that is happening. How is it this might be happening? Because, in the-ory, comparative advantage doctrine means that multiple countries can ben-efit from trade agreements. I acknowl-edge that theory and believe it is fun-damentally valid, but let’s take a tre-mendous trading partner such as Japan. We have a tremendous trading relationship, where billions of dollars are exchanging hands between our countries every year, and that will be covered by this trade agreement— Japan. So what do we find? We find that we have a 2.5-percent tariff on im-ported Japanese automobiles to the United States and a 25-percent tariff on the import of light trucks into the United States from Japan. 
I didn’t know the numbers were that 
high, but it is as a result of various events that occurred over time where retaliation took place. 
What about Japanese tariffs on auto-
mobiles going to Japan. There are none. Japan does not have tariffs on automobiles going into Japan. Yet we have a huge trade deficit with Japan. Why is this happening? It is because of nontariff trade barriers, institutional matters, and the like. 
One of the biggest is that it is very 
difficult in Japan to get an automobile dealership up and operating effectively. Hyundai has tried to do it and failed. You can’t get a distribution network for vehicles. Maybe there is a cultural loyalty in Japan that makes people far 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.057 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2738 May 7, 2015 
more likely to buy a Japanese auto-
mobile than a foreign automobile. There are other factors. 
So the TPP, as written, will do noth-
ing that advances the export of U.S. automobiles to Japan because those ex-ports into Japan have been reduced substantially through nontariff bar-riers. Got it? Those nontariff barriers are not fixed in this agreement, but we are going to be reducing ours. 
One expert who negotiated with 
Japan for President Ronald Reagan, Clyde Prestowitz, who opposes this agreement and who has written a book on trade, says there is no doubt we are going to have an increase in our trade deficit with Japan. 
Now, look, I don’t have a hard feeling 
about Japan. In fact, they are fabulous allies. They are putting up money to help in mutual defense. We have Honda and Toyota automobile companies in my home State of Alabama, and I am proud of what they do. But we are not going to see an increase in exports to Japan unless some things are changed other than the tariff, and, in fact, they are not changing the tariff because it is already at zero. 
Well, maybe that is why the theories 
don’t always work as well as they are projected to work. 
Mr. Dan Dimicco, whom I mentioned 
earlier, an outspoken commentator on the issues relating to trade—lived with it and is the chairman emeritus of Nucor Steel today—wrote a very valu-able piece in Forbes magazine back in December in which he discussed the trade deals and problems that oc-curred. He goes through virtually every issue that is raised in these discussions and presents a contrary view to con-ventional wisdom. 
I really think we have to listen to 
some of this. We can’t just blithely go by and pretend that the American peo-ple, by more than a 2-to-1 margin, are all wrong about salaries and wages when, in fact, I think the record will show that wages have dropped as these trading agreements have increased. From 2009 until today, we have had a net decline of family income of $3,000 in the United States. Wages are down since the 1970s. The percentage of Americans actually with a job who are in the working years is the lowest we have had since the 1970s. Wages have declined basically since the year 2000. We have had virtually no increase in wages since that time. 
So what is it that is happening that 
is allowing the stock market to go up and business profits to go up but wages are not? We have had a decline in man-ufacturing. The numbers are unmistak-able, and a large part of this is foreign competition. 
Colleagues, the time has come when 
we should enter into no trade agree-ment—not one—in which we lose a sin-gle job in this country as a result of unfair competition. 
Mr. DiMicco goes on at length. I ask 
unanimous consent to have his article printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From Forbes, Dec. 16, 2014] 
‘FAST TRACK ’ T ONOWHERE : C ONGRESS  
SHOULDN ’TGIVEOBAMA POWER TORAM 
THROUGH TPP 
(By Daniel DiMicco) 
If the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) 
trade and global governance agreement has any chance at passage, it will require the usual alliance of Wall Street Democrats and Wall Street Republicans. Disgruntled citi-zens voted to ‘‘throw the bums out’’ because they were not delivering jobs and prosperity. Yet there is a danger that President Obama and the Republican leadership did not get the message. 
The Obama administration may soon be 
enabled by some in the GOP to pass the globalists’ biggest wish: ‘‘fast-track’’ trade authority on the road to the massively mis-guided Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
It has made for titillating journalism to 
speculate on how these strange bedfellows will overcome opposition from blue collar Republicans and Democrats, and the frac-tiousness of the current Congress, to collabo-rate on further gutting America’s productive supply chains through unilateral trade disar-mament and enablement of foreign mer-cantilism. The kumbaya trade agreement cheerleader crowd has convinced itself that 40 years of trade deficits don’t matter, even as the shrinkage of GDP growth has rendered the U.S. a dwindling superpower teetering on the brink of second class economy status. 
MISUNDERSTANDING TRADE  
The left-right Wall Street alliance of TPP 
cheerleaders relies upon a fundamental mis-understanding of trade, its role in the world and its role in economic growth. National in-come accounting makes it clear that gross domestic product is the sum of four factors: consumption, investment, government pro-curement and net trade (exports minus im-ports). 
That’s net trade—not gross trade. In other 
words, net exports increase our economic size while net imports shrink it. This is not a liberal plot, or a Tea Party plot, or a pro-tectionist plot. It is basic and uncontroversial economic math that the TPP cheerleaders either don’t understand or don’t want to. 
In 2013, the U.S. economy amounted to 
$16.8 trillion. Consumption was about 68% of GDP. Investment was about 16%. Govern-ment procurement was about 19%. But net trade subtracted about 3% from our economy (because imports exceeded exports). This shrinkage is cumulative, compounding year after year. 
America is the picture of an unbalanced 
economy, disproportionately relying upon unsustainable consumption. Investment is too small, and should be 4% to 6% higher. Net trade should add to our economy, or at least not subtract from it. Consumption should increase in absolute terms, but should be a smaller percentage of our economy. 
Stated another way, we need to produce 
more of what we consume. Right now we underproduce and engage in debt-driven con-sumption. We live beyond our means. Invest-ment is down below sustainable levels. We are slouching towards Gomorrah. We must produce more to employ people and grow wealth so that we can export more (on a net basis), save more and engage in income-driv-en consumption. 
Thus, the battle is not between free traders 
and protectionists, as the beltway think tanks and pundits often assert. It is between misguided Gross Traders and factually accu-rate Net Traders. It is not about opening or closing the borders to trade, but balancing 
trade flows over time. The seminal econo-mist David Ricardo envisioned balanced trade over time, as did the drafters of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT). 
Free trade was crafted as an antidote to 
mercantilism, not an enabler of it. 
MARKETS VERSUS MERCANTILISM  
There is a twisted ideological school that 
promotes unilateral American trade disar-mament. The trade disarmament advocates naively convince themselves that foreign mercantilism is irrelevant and the basic trade principle of reciprocity can be ignored. Big Government market intervention by other countries is just fine even as Big Gov-ernment here is bad. 
President Reagan gave a speech that estab-
lished the principle of ‘‘free and fair trade with free and fair traders.’’ More specifi-cally, he established the 3 R’s: Rules, Reci-procity and Results. 
‘‘Rules’’ mean that the trade must be rules 
based and every nation should follow them. ‘‘Reciprocity’’ meant that there will be a re-ciprocal reduction in tariffs, quotas and other barriers rather than one-sized reduc-tion. ‘‘Results,’’ the point forgotten most, meant that America must gain a net benefit from trade arrangements rather than being taken advantage of. 
The Wall Street Republican and Democrat 
‘‘free traders’’ are not pursuing free trade at all. They are practicing ‘‘mercantilism ena-bling’’ trade. They want a deal that says ‘‘free trade’’ on the front cover even as the actual text incentivizes and enables scores of creative mercantilist tactics. 
Modern mercantilism is not tariffs or 
quotas. It is not Smoot-Hawley. Foreign cur-rency manipulation, via domestic currency controls or government intervention in for-eign exchange markets, is a massive problem undertaken by many countries, some of those countries are part of the TPP negotia-tions. While the communist government in China is the poster child for using competi-tive currency devaluation to gain a trade ad-vantage, South Korea, Japan and Singapore do it as well. The WTO includes a provision prohibiting countries from ‘‘frustrating’’ the intent of the agreement with exchange rate actions. But that provision has been ignored to the detriment of the global trading sys-tem, the global monetary system and the US standard of living. 
Tariff reductions are often replaced by in-
creased consumption taxes, which are charged at the border, in other countries. After NAFTA, Mexico enacted a 15% value added tax which is applied to all U.S. exports there. The border tax replaced the Mexican tariff reductions. The Central American Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA) countries gen-erally enacted a new 12% consumption tax to replace their tariff reductions. So American companies still pay similar tariff/tax amounts at their border. 
State-owned enterprises are modern forms 
of epic industrial subsidization. Over 50% of Chinese industry is state owned. Tele-communications, steel, shipbuilding, etc. are state-owned enterprises. They receive free or low cost land, credit, energy and other in-puts. Production decisions are not driven by market forces so much as by government bu-reaucrats. Pricing decisions are made to un-dercut U.S. or global competitors and gain market share rather than by supply and de-mand. 
A basic principle of trade agreements is 
that countries should not engage in actions that ‘‘nullify or impair’’ the benefits the contracting parties bargained for. But the U.S. has not enforced those provisions, they are hard to enforce in existing agreements, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07MY6.058 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2739 May 7, 2015 
and the TPP cheerleaders keep pushing new 
deals without addressing the modern forms of mercantilism. 
NAME CALLING AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR  
CONSTITUTIONAL CONSISTENCY  
Deprived of past economic success to base 
their argument upon, a recent Cato Institute article engages in grade school name calling against those on the right and the left who oppose fast-track trade authority and recy-cled trade deals like the TPP. The attempt at character assassination by association is an unfortunate substitute for real data. 
Even as the economy suffers from over- 
financialization, deindustrialization, debt- driven consumption and asset bubbles, the Wall Street TPP cheerleaders advocate a so-lution in more flawed trade and global gov-ernance deals. Never mind that we now have the WTO and bilateral agreements with more countries than ever. Never mind that they predicted an economic nirvana that never materialized when promoting those prior agreements. 
The medicine didn’t work. So the solution 
is to take more medicine. 
The Tea Party groups that oppose fast- 
track trade authority do so for core con-stitutional reasons as well. Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution gives Congress the authority to conduct trade policy. Congress, in the past, typically passed bills designating the countries to negotiate with and man-dated the goals. Congress chose the countries to negotiate with, set goals, oversaw the ne-gotiations, and did not pre-approve the final product before it was negotiated or con-cluded. The checks and balances system set up by our Founding Fathers was very inten-tional in dividing authority among the legis-lative, executive and judicial branches so the mistakes or abuse of power in one branch could be checked by another. 
Today’s fast-track trade authority not 
only suspends the ‘‘regular order’’ of Con-gress to approve an agreement, it pre-ap-proves a trade deal before it is even nego-tiated. The so-called negotiating objectives in the fast-track bill are merely for show. They are mere friendly congressional sugges-tions that do not bind the executive branch and are often ignored. Congress never verifies that the president achieved the ob-jectives. 
A read of past fast-track legislation re-
veals many ‘‘negotiating objectives’’ that were neither attempted nor achieved by the executive branch negotiators. Yet, the presi-dent can and does sign the agreement before Congress views or votes on it. 
Then, the president writes implementing 
legislation, which is Congress’ job. Congress cannot, under fast track, amend the imple-menting legislation or the agreement but in-stead has only 45 days for committees to consider and vote, then 15 days for a floor vote. Only 20 hours of debate are allowed on a complex international document that runs to thousands of pages. 
Modern fast track goes far deeper into Con-
gress’ constitutional authority than mere tariffs and quotas. The president becomes a super-Congress legislating through diplo-macy in domestic policy areas. He can and does negotiate with other countries regard-ing immigration, financial services, tax, food and product safety rules, domestic procure-ment, labor standards and many other do-mestic issues. The final agreement may overturn past acts of Congress or include new standards previously considered but re-jected by Congress. 
If and when the deal is approved by Con-
gress, the new rules are adjudicated by inter-national tribunals that issue decisions which penalize the U.S. if we do not comply. Future Congresses are forever restricted from con-sidering a wide range of policy changes to 
benefit our citizens, barred by global rules or the decisions of international tribunals. 
The recent WTO ruling against American’s 
country of origin labeling for food laws is only the most recent example. Americans did not think they agreed to a treaty that pro-hibited them from identifying where their food comes from. 
Contrary to conventional wisdom, it’s an 
open question as to whether a majority of economists or politicians would support modern trade and global governance deals if they actually read them. The debate be-comes twisted into the low-brow rhetoric of free trade versus protectionism. Or by ideo-logical name calling. Or by the identity poli-tics of ‘‘this group could be working with that group, which is a very bad thing.’’ 
America became great by becoming an eco-
nomic superpower. We innovated, we built supply chains based upon that innovation, we employed and paid people well, we cre-ated wealth, we built the first durable mid-dle class in the world. That gave us cash to not only improve our standard of living, but also to build the world’s dominant military. We thus became the sole global superpower. 
Modern fast-track legislation began with 
the Trade Act of 1974. We have had 40 years of trade deficits shrinking our economy ever since. It has been a net detriment rather than a net benefit. It is time to focus upon true free trade with rules, reciprocity and re-sults, while fighting the increasing scourge of global mercantilism. We must seek bal-anced trade flows over time rather than be condemned to serve as the global importer of last resort. 
It is also time to preserve our constitu-
tional system of checks and balances and re-frain from giving more power to global insti-tutions that displace our legislative and ju-dicial branches. 
Only then can America return to a more 
broadly shared prosperity. 
Mr. SESSIONS. He says: 
It is time to focus upon true free trade 
with rules, reciprocity and results, while fighting the increasing scourge of global mercantilism. We must seek balanced trade flows over time rather than be condemned to serve as the global importer of last resort. 
He also said: 
It is also time to preserve our constitu-
tional system of checks and balances and re-frain from giving more power to global insti-tutions that displace our legislative and ju-dicial branches. 
I think that is good advice, too. 
Again, what Mr. DiMicco says is that 
while we remove trade barriers and open our markets to importing com-petition, our allies, even when they re-duce their tariff barriers, don’t reduce other institutional barriers. 
They also utilize currency manipula-
tion. This currency manipulation can provide a far more substantial advan-tage in trade than even a tariff does. Mr. Volcker—the former Federal Re-serve Chairman under President Reagan and widely regarded as having done a magnificent job—said tariffs can be overcome in a matter of min-utes by currency manipulation. Europe has seen its currency drop over 20 per-cent. Korea has moved its currency down. Japan has moved its down. China has ensured its yuan remains at a level below where it should be on economic terms. As a result, they have gained a trade advantage, and as a result, they have decimated American industries, 
closed factories all over this country when they wouldn’t have closed if they had a fair dollar-to-yuan currency rela-tionship. They have been found to be manipulating their currency year after year. The Treasury makes it clear, but the Treasury has taken no action to do anything about it. As a result, good American people have lost jobs, had their factories closed and their towns and communities damaged economi-cally by unfair trade. We have enough trouble competing in the world mar-ket. We don’t need to have the unfair trade. 
I thank the Chair for allowing me to 
share these remarks. I don’t pretend to know all the answers. I try to be sup-portive of trade. I remain supportive of trade. But I think we need to listen to the American people a little bit. I don’t think their concerns are unfounded. By a more than 2-to-1 margin, they say these trade agreements have advan-taged our competitors rather than us. 
It is time for us to make sure that if 
we do a trade agreement or trade pro-motion authority, the product that is going to be passed into law and become a worldwide trade agreement serves the American people’s interests—some-body’s interests other than some theo-retician in a university, somebody’s in-terests other than some foreign cap-ital, somebody’s interests other than the canyons of New York where capital is moved all over the world. Somebody needs to be looking out for the inter-ests of the American people. We need to ask that question first. 
I thank the Chair. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, 
MAY 11, 2015, at 3 P.M. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 3 p.m., Monday, May 11, 2015. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 5:35 p.m., 
adjourned until Monday, May 11, 2015, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JENNIFER ZIMDAHL GALT, OF COLORADO, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO MONGOLIA. 
DAVID R. GILMOUR, OF TEXAS, A CAREER MEMBER OF 
THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE TOGOLESE REPUBLIC. 
JAMES DESMOND MELVILLE, JR., OF NEW JERSEY, A 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ES-TONIA. 
PETER F. MULREAN, OF MASSACHUSETTS, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF HAITI. 
EDWIN RICHARD NOLAN, JR., OF MASSACHUSETTS, A 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.023 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2740 May 7, 2015 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF 
SURINAME. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
KAREN BOLLINGER DESALVO, OF LOUISIANA, TO BE AN 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERV-ICES, VICE HOWARD K. KOH, RESIGNED. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED PERSONS OF THE UNITED 
STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICERS OF THE CLASSES STATED. 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS THREE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
ERIC DEL VALLE, OF NEW JERSEY 
LEILA DOULALI, OF VIRGINIA MING–HUN LIU, OF FLORIDA MAMESHO MACAULAY, OF MARYLAND JOHN SLATTERY, OF OHIO JAN SMID, OF MARYLAND RYAN TRUXTON, OF NEW JERSEY 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED PERSONS OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF STATE FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERV-ICE OFFICERS OF THE CLASSES STATED. 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN 
SERVICE TO BE CONSULAR OFFICERS AND SECRETARIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
DANIEL L. ANGERMILLER, OF ARIZONA 
MICHAEL P. ARDAIOLO, OF SOUTH CAROLINA JESSICA NADINE ASFOUR, OF MAINE KATHERINE M. BALENSKY, OF VIRGINIA ETHAN MEHL BECK, OF FLORIDA ROMAN V. BELOKONEV, OF VIRGINIA DARREN A. BESSINGPAS, OF VIRGINIA CHARLES CARLOS BLAKE III, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
IVAN GOLDMAN BOEKELHEIDE, OF CALIFORNIA MATTHEW A. BOWEN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SEAN ROBERT BRENNAN, OF NEW YORK JUSTIN L. BRYANT, OF VIRGINIA FIONA J. CANDLISH, OF VIRGINIA GRACE CORINA CARROLL, OF WASHINGTON JEREMY YUE–KEI CHAN, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE HSIAO CHING CHANG, OF CALIFORNIA KELLY JENEE COATES, OF MARYLAND CHRISTOPHER M. CONWELL, OF VIRGINIA SUSAN S. COPELAND, OF MISSISSIPPI JOHN DAVID CRAWFORD, OF VIRGINIA IDALIDES C. CUELLO, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK SHERIDAN CUNNINGHAM, OF ARIZONA CHRISTIAN PAUL DENCKLA, OF ILLINOIS BRIAN ALEXANDER DITO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
LAUREN ROSE DORGAN, OF VIRGINIA DAVID C. DRYER, OF VIRGINIA SABINA DZANO, OF VIRGINIA KIMBERLY ANN EGGERTON, OF OHIO ERIC JOSEPH EGGLESTON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
JESSICA A. FARNHAM, OF VIRGINIA ANATOLE FAYKIN, OF PENNSYLVANIA SCOTT M. FICKLIN, OF IDAHO JOHN ROBERT FORCE, OF CALIFORNIA ERIC DAVID FOY, OF VIRGINIA AMPARO GARCIA, OF TEXAS DB GATES, OF WASHINGTON GREGORIO W. GONZALES, OF TEXAS ALEXANDER JAMES GOULD, OF VIRGINIA BAMBI LYNNE GRANGER, OF VIRGINIA ISABEL I. GRIEDER, OF VIRGINIA ADAM J. GROSS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JEFFREY RICHARD HALE, OF CALIFORNIA KATHERINE HALVORSON, OF VIRGINIA ZACHARY K. HANSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SUSAN CAROL HAWKS, OF VIRGINIA BARRY B. HINTZ, OF NEW YORK KEVIN T. JENKINS, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL C. JESADA, OF VIRGINIA RYAN TRAVIS KELLEY, OF VIRGINIA KATHARINE L. KELLY, OF VIRGINIA TIMOTHY MICHAEL KLUCK, OF NEW JERSEY ROBERT P. KNUTH, OF VIRGINIA KYLE WILLIAM KONRAD, OF VIRGINIA LAUREN ASHLEY KRETZ, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JULIANNE SPRAIGHT LANGER, OF MINNESOTA MAXWELL RUSSELL LARSEN, OF MARYLAND JASON ROBERT LEMONCELLI, OF VIRGINIA BRYAN C. LUPTON, OF VIRGINIA ADAM MCGOWAN MARLOWE, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
JUAN A. MARTINEZ, JR., OF VIRGINIA KATELYN PATRICIA MCMAHON, OF VIRGINIA GEOFFREY W. MOORE, OF VIRGINIA EDWARD P. MULLIN, OF VIRGINIA KEAVY C. NAHAN, OF TEXAS SUZANNE A. OHANESIAN, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN S. OLSON, OF VIRGINIA JOHN PAUL ORAK, OF VIRGINIA MARIDELA MARGARITA ORTIZ, OF TEXAS MARK WILLIAM PIFHER, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA NATALIE POWERS–HEAVEN, OF THE DISTRICT 
OF COLUMBIA 
CARLA A. RIGA, OF VIRGINIA AICHA NASSER ROBINSON, OF VIRGINIA JAMES KENNETH ROGERS, OF ARIZONA TIMOTHY C. SARRAILLE, OF NEW YORK MICHAEL A. SEAN, OF VIRGINIA AMISHA SHAH, OF ILLINOIS MATTHEW STEPHEN SIMON BARTHOLOMAUS, OF WASH-
INGTON 
KIWOO R. SONG, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS P. SPARE, OF VIRGINIA 
ADAM SEAN STARR–KING, OF FLORIDA HANS–MICHAEL W. SUMNER, OF VIRGINIA BRITTANY DANIELLE THOMPSON, OF VIRGINIA AARON D. TIFFANY, OF WASHINGTON JONATHAN ALEX TOLAND, OF VIRGINIA PHILLIP J. VALDIVIA, OF CALIFORNIA WILLIAM L. VALENTE, OF VIRGINIA DIMITRI VARMAZIS, OF NEW MEXICO JOSE MARIA VEGA, OF VIRGINIA DEREK T. VONDERHEIDE, OF INDIANA JESSE M. WALD, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CONNIE M. WARD, OF VIRGINIA MONIKA L. WARGO, OF VIRGINIA GREGORY DAVID WATSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
HEATHER WIGGINS, OF VIRGINIA CASSANDRA ROCHELLE WRIGHT, OF VIRGINIA CATHERINE R. YANCOVITZ, OF VIRGINIA WALID ZAFAR, OF VIRGINIA 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION INTO THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED: 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE 
OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR: 
TANIA CHOMIAK–SALVI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
DAVID S. ELMO, OF NEW YORK JONATHAN DAVID FRITZ, OF FLORIDA STUART MACKENZIE HATCHER, OF VIRGINIA PATRICIA A. MILLER, OF MARYLAND LAURA MERRITT STONE, OF CALIFORNIA 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED PERSONS OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF STATE FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERV-ICE OFFICERS OF THE CLASSES STATED. 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBER OF THE FOREIGN 
SERVICE TO BE A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERV-ICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
BRUCE MATTHEWS, OF CALIFORNIA 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN 
SERVICE TO BE CONSULAR OFFICERS AND SECRETARIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
AMI J. ABOU–BAKR, OF IDAHO 
GEORGE E. ADAIR, OF VIRGINIA VANESSA LEILANI ADAMS, OF CALIFORNIA IKE H. ADIGWE, OF VIRGINIA ALYCE S. AHN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MARVIN E. ALFARO, OF NEW YORK ERNESTO L. ALFONSO, OF FLORIDA LOUIS ALVARADO, OF VIRGINIA LISA NICOLE ANDONOVSKA, OF VIRGINIA TERESA ANDRE, OF VIRGINIA NAOMI ANISMAN, OF NEW YORK WILLIE J. ARMSTRONG, OF CALIFORNIA VANESSA LYNN ARNESS, OF VIRGINIA ERICA MARIE AUGUSTENBORG, OF VIRGINIA ALEXANDER CARROLL AUGUSTINE–MARCEIL, OF VIR-
GINIA 
NICHOLAS D. AUSTIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BENJAMIN R. AVENIA–TAPPER, OF VERMONT YVONNE C. BADGER, OF CALIFORNIA CAROLINE BAKER, OF FLORIDA CHARLES M. BALCK, OF VIRGINIA AGNES M. BAPTISTE, OF MARYLAND DAVID PAUL BARGUENO, OF VIRGINIA AARON BARNARD–LUCE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JEFFREY RICHARD BARRETT, OF VIRGINIA JILL Y. BARWIG, OF COLORADO JUANITA M. BATISTE, OF MARYLAND DARIEN B. BATZER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CAITLIN BAUER, OF PENNSYLVANIA PAUL W. BAUER, OF NEW JERSEY GREGORY W. BAUS, OF VIRGINIA JAMES C. BAYNE, OF VIRGINIA KRISTINA ELENA BEARD, OF FLORIDA COLLIN D. BELL, OF NEW YORK DAVID P. BENCHENER, OF VIRGINIA AMANDA M. BERG, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH D. BERRETT, OF TEXAS HEATHER NICOLE BLAINE, OF VIRGINIA RONALD A. BLAINE, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT A. BLANCO, OF MASSACHUSETTS MARIA KIRSTEN BLEES, OF WASHINGTON CHRISTOPHER DAVID BLINKY, OF PENNSYLVANIA PATRICK ANIM BOATENG II, OF MARYLAND ANDREW BENJAMIN BOCKUS, OF VIRGINIA FREDERICK BOLAGEER, JR., OF NEW YORK DAVID P. BOLES, OF VIRGINIA JENNIFER BETH BOOKBINDER, OF VIRGINIA ERIC BORGMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LEAH ANGELLE BOYER, OF LOUISIANA ELIZABETH A. BRENNAN, OF VIRGINIA GARY M. BRENNIS, OF CALIFORNIA NORA S. BRITO, OF FLORIDA JOHN J. BRITTAIN, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW L. BROWN, OF OHIO APRIL N. BROWN, OF VIRGINIA JANINE E. BROWN, OF NEW YORK JUAN CARLOS BROWN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TIFFANY J. BUFORD, OF TEXAS DARIA BUIE, OF MARYLAND JOSHUA DAVID BULL, OF GEORGIA COSTON L. BURNES, OF MARYLAND JOSEF BURTON, OF OREGON ELIJAH BUSH, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW RYAN BYRLEY, OF INDIANA KAREN J. CALDERON, OF VIRGINIA NICOLE LEAH CALLRAM, OF MINNESOTA JEFFREY CAMPBELL, OF MINNESOTA THERESA H. CANAVAN, OF VIRGINIA GABRIELA SOFIA CANAVATI, OF TEXAS ALLISON M. CARRAGHER, OF FLORIDA BRYAN SCOTT CARROLL, OF WASHINGTON ELIZANN CARROLL, OF TEXAS 
OLIVER S. CASS, OF NEW YORK KYLE R. CASSILY, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE WILLIAM PATRICK CHAMBERS, OF VIRGINIA AMIT SINGH CHANDA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BRIAN C. CHANDLER, OF NEW YORK ANTHONY CHANG, OF CALIFORNIA TERESA CHANG, OF CALIFORNIA XUAN CHAU, OF VIRGINIA RONGJIE CHEN, OF ILLINOIS JEUNG HWA CHOE, OF TEXAS GARY K. CHOW, OF CALIFORNIA JULIAN B. CIAMPA, OF COLORADO MATTHEW CIESIELSKI, OF INDIANA HAZEL M. CIPOLLE, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE JAMES PATRICK CLARKSON, OF UTAH JAMES OZZIE COKER II, OF TEXAS RANDY E. COLE, JR., OF PENNSYLVANIA CHERYL R. COLLINS, OF VIRGINIA GARETH R. COLLINS, OF ILLINOIS RYANN M. COLLINS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JESSICA COPELAND, OF COLORADO MATTHEW E. CORCORAN, OF WISCONSIN JORGE CORDOVA, OF FLORIDA LESTER L. CORNELISON II, OF INDIANA BRIANA C. CORSO, OF CALIFORNIA NATHANAEL Q. COX, OF SOUTH CAROLINA ROBIN JEAN CRAM, OF OHIO NATHANIEL DOUGLAS CROOK, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL CULLOP, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RENEE MARY CUMMINGS, OF WASHINGTON FRANCIS G. DAVENPORT, OF VIRGINIA BROOKE CHELSEY DAVIS, OF VIRGINIA EVAN LAMAR DAVIS, OF OHIO TAYLOR DEWEY, OF VIRGINIA KALI JANINE DEWITT, OF INDIANA CHRISTY L. DIAZ, OF CALIFORNIA JASON A. DILKS, OF TEXAS JOSEPH DIRENZO, OF VIRGINIA SHANEISHA DODSON, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL C. DONAHUE, OF VIRGINIA 
THOMAS A. DOUGLAS, OF VIRGINIA ERIKA L. DOVE, OF VIRGINIA KAREEM JULES DRIGHT, OF CALIFORNIA ANDREW DUBINSKY, OF VIRGINIA YUZZY GAINA DUBUISSON, OF PENNSYLVANIA CLAIRE DUFFETT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOSHUA EARLEY, OF TEXAS EDWARD H. EBERT, OF NEVADA CHRISTOPHER L. EDDIE, OF TEXAS JILL K. EGAN, OF MARYLAND MICHAEL ELKIN, OF FLORIDA EMILY GRACE ENRIGHT, OF VIRGINIA PETER JAMES EPTON, OF ALASKA KIMBERLY MICHELLE EVERETT, OF ALABAMA MATHEW M. FALKOFF, OF CALIFORNIA NATHANIEL FARRAR, OF FLORIDA JUSTIN HOWARD FAULKNER, OF INDIANA ASHLEY M. FAY, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE COREY STANICH FEINSTEIN, OF CALIFORNIA CHRISTOPHER S. FIELDS, OF VIRGINIA KRISTA KAY FISHER, OF VIRGINIA KYLE ALEXANDER FISHMAN, OF FLORIDA KRISTIN R. FITZGERALD, OF VIRGINIA KYLE WILLIAM FONAY, OF VIRGINIA LINCOLN FRAGER, OF COLORADO KATHRYN LYNETTE FRANKO, OF NEW YORK ERIC R. FREDERICK, OF ARIZONA JOHN TAYLOR FREELAND, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW R. FREEMAN, OF TENNESSEE TARYN A. FRENCH, OF TEXAS RYAN FUGIT, OF VIRGINIA OLIVER W. GAINES, OF TEXAS ADELITO NICHOLAS GALE, OF VIRGINIA SEANN C. GALE, OF VIRGINIA DAVID ALAN GALLES, OF WASHINGTON BRADLEY GARDNER, OF CALIFORNIA DANIELLA A. GAYAPERSAD–CHAN, OF MARYLAND JEANNE CHADWICK GEERS, OF VIRGINIA SARAH ALLISON GEISLER, OF PENNSYLVANIA CHRISTOPHER P. GEURTSEN, OF TENNESSEE NARDOS GHEBREGZIABHER, OF COLORADO KATHRYN GLUCKMAN, OF FLORIDA RYAN A. GOCONG, OF NEW YORK JESSE GOLLAND, OF COLORADO JACOB LYON GOODMAN, OF NEW MEXICO NORA P. GORDON, OF NEW YORK PIERRE A. GORHAM, OF MARYLAND ROBERT GRASSO, OF NEVADA ROBERT D. GREENE, OF CALIFORNIA ABIGAIL SARAH GREENWALD, OF MINNESOTA MARK D. GREENWELL, OF VIRGINIA CHASE JAMES GUINN, OF OHIO NEIL GUNDAVDA, OF FLORIDA JOHN LESLIE HALEY, OF OKLAHOMA SHEENA R. HALL, OF INDIANA DANIEL P. HAMEL, OF VIRGINIA CLARE J. HATFIELD, OF VIRGINIA STEPHEN A. HAWLEY, OF VIRGINIA COLIN T. HEALEY, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK JOSEPH HEALEY, OF VIRGINIA ANDREA JEAN HEILAND, OF TEXAS JON THOMAS HEIT, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MICHAEL G. HENLEY, OF MARYLAND EMILY ELIZABETH HENNELL, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
SARAH C. HENNESSEY, OF GEORGIA TAMEISHA HENRY, OF MARYLAND MANUEL G. HERNANDEZ, OF VIRGINIA JOHN HOOD HEYWOOD, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MEGHAN L. HIGGINS, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM HARVEY HINE-RAMSBERGER, OF COLORADO ERIKA RUTH HOLLNER, OF VERMONT KALISHA HOLMES, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KAYLA HOWE, OF IOWA MARTHA A. HOWELL, OF VIRGINIA TODD R. HUGHES, OF FLORIDA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.007 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2741 May 7, 2015 
TIMOTHY J. HUIZAR, OF TEXAS 
WILLIAM JOHN HUSSEY, OF TEXAS D. SCOTT HUTCHISON, OF UTAH JOSEPHINE HWANG, OF VIRGINIA TETYANA IVANISHENA, OF PENNSYLVANIA MATTHEW JAMRISKO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MICHELLE JANZEN, OF NORTH CAROLINA FRANCES S. JEFFREY-COKER, OF MARYLAND MATTHEW JENNINGS, OF TEXAS MAN SIK JEON, OF VIRGINIA KATHERINE JERNIGAN, OF TEXAS JENNIFER ELIZABETH JOHNSON, OF COLORADO MEGAN PATRICIA JOHNSON, OF NEBRASKA NEAL H. JOHNSON, JR., OF MARYLAND JOSEPH JONES, OF NEVADA KAMEKO JONES, OF VIRGINIA STEVEN GARETH JONES, OF FLORIDA TIMOTHY K. JONES, OF VIRGINIA ALENA VENIECE JOSEPH, OF MARYLAND JACHELLE R. JOSEPH, OF VIRGINIA TYLER JOYNER, OF TEXAS 
GENEVIEVE NATALIE JUDSON-JOURDAIN, OF MASSACHU-
SETTS 
BRIAN JUNGWIWATTANAPORN, OF NEW YORK BENJAMIN ERIC KALT, OF ARIZONA JACOB BRIAN KASPER, OF VIRGINIA KEITH P. KELLY, OF VIRGINIA AUDREY KERANEN, OF MASSACHUSETTS BENJAMIN LEE KESSLER, OF CALIFORNIA FAROUK KHAN, OF NEW YORK SADAF KHAN, OF TEXAS DAVID ANDREW KIERSKI, OF ILLINOIS JONGMI ESTHER KIM WIODEK, OF VIRGINIA JACQUELINE KINGFIELD, OF MARYLAND NICHOLAS E. KNISKA, OF FLORIDA CHARLES A. KOENINGER, OF VIRGINIA WILSON M. KOROL, OF NEVADA JOSEPH M. KRAFFT, OF CALIFORNIA KARINA S. KRAJEC, OF OHIO JESSICA KUHN, OF WASHINGTON ZACHARY LANDAU, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOSEPH S. LANGDORF, OF VIRGINIA F. CHRISTOPHER LANNING, OF NEW MEXICO PETER S. LAU, OF WISCONSIN LANCE LAUCHENGCO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DAVID LAWLER, OF NEW MEXICO JESSICA LAZCANO, OF VIRGINIA KAJAL A. LEARY, OF VIRGINIA CARMEN GAYLE LECLAIR, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
CHE KWANG LEE, OF TEXAS SUN J. LEE, OF CALIFORNIA JEREMY LEWIS, OF VIRGINIA TANIA A. LEWIS, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW LINCOLN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ROSE VELMA LINDGREN, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN R. LINGEMAN, OF OHIO KARL LOHSE, OF CALIFORNIA ABEL TANGEMAN LOMAX, OF MINNESOTA MATTHEW M. LOMBARDO, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW ALEXANDER LOOMIS, OF TEXAS LEANA M. LOPEZ, OF WASHINGTON JEANNETTA LORETTA LOVE, OF ALABAMA DAVID M. LOYA, OF NEW MEXICO MATTHEW ELROY LUNN, OF FLORIDA JOHN DAVID LYNCH, OF CALIFORNIA MICHAEL L. LYONS, OF VIRGINIA COLIN JUDE MACHADO, OF CALIFORNIA LYNNE PATRICIA MADNICK, OF PENNSYLVANIA STEPHEN ANDREW MANNING, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
KRISTIAN R. MARGHERIO, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA A. MARKS, OF MARYLAND ROSE ANN MARKS, OF FLORIDA VENOY V. MATTAMANA, OF FLORIDA MARY MATTHEWS, OF MINNESOTA DAVID W. MAURO, OF TEXAS HEATHER S. MAXWELL, OF VIRGINIA KATHLEEN MAXWELL, OF NEW YORK MATTHEW REED MAYBERRY, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN MASON MCCOWN, OF PENNSYLVANIA WILLIAM I. MCCOY, OF VIRGINIA KELLY MCCRAY, OF TENNESSEE PATRICK M. MCERLEAN, OF PENNSYLVANIA BRIAN C. MCKEAN, OF FLORIDA KEVIN T. MCNAMARA, OF NEW YORK MELISSA G. MCPHERSON, OF VIRGINIA JACKIE HART MEEKER, OF WYOMING DEREK THOMAS MERCER, OF VIRGINIA KARL EDSON MERCER III, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
ERIC A. MERIDETH, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA I. MERTSCH, OF MASSACHUSETTS ALICIA M. MESSMER, OF VIRGINIA GEORGE MESTHOS, OF MARYLAND KIRSTEN ANNE MICHENER, OF CALIFORNIA LINDSAY JO MIESKO, OF PENNSYLVANIA CHRISTINE J. MILLER, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER J. MILLER, OF MARYLAND SHANE A. MILLER, OF PENNSYLVANIA ADNAN AZAM-ALI MIRZA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
ALISA MARIE MODICA, OF ILLINOIS REBECCA MOLINOFF, OF OHIO CHRISTOPHER LEE MOLITORIS, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
ROSE MARIE MONACELLI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA DANIEL EDWARD MONSON, OF VIRGINIA 
CAROLINE KIM MONTOYA, OF MARYLAND AMBER N. MOORE, OF TEXAS JAMES W. MOORE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANGELA M. MORA, OF TEXAS JEFFREY W. MORENCY, OF VIRGINIA FRANCES A. MORENO, OF TEXAS NATALYA V. MORIN, OF FLORIDA JAMES T. MOSHER, OF OHIO KAREN Y. MOZINGO, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL MUFFLEY, OF PENNSYLVANIA CLARE MURPHY, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK R. MURPHY, OF WISCONSIN AGNES NAM, OF MASSACHUSETTS MICHAEL LOREN NEEDLE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
PATRICK H. NEELEY, OF VIRGINIA DOUGLAS J. NELSON, OF VIRGINIA ERICA LEE NELSON, OF VIRGINIA JAKE ROBERT NELSON, OF VIRGINIA JONAH NEUMAN, OF NEW YORK 
DAVID THOMAS NEWTON, OF ALABAMA MIKE PHUONG ANH NGUYEN, OF CALIFORNIA DANIEL THOMAS NIBARGER, OF VIRGINIA LAGRETTA DORAN NICKLES, OF FLORIDA MARI-JANA OBOROCEANU, OF FLORIDA HARALD OLSEN, OF CONNECTICUT ABIGAIL A. OLVERA, OF TEXAS CAITLIN M. O’MALLEY, OF VIRGINIA BESTY J. O’MEARA, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL J. O’ROURKE, OF ILLINOIS STEPHANIE NATALIE OVIEDO, OF PUERTO RICO TMITRI A. OWENS, OF GEORGIA EROL OZAKCAY, OF CALIFORNIA AMY MARIE PADILLA, OF TENNESSEE MORTON S. PARK, OF CALIFORNIA DIANE PARR, OF VIRGINIA LISA ANN PARRINGTON, OF FLORIDA MIRANDA S. PATTERSON, OF NORTH CAROLINA BRANDON PEART, OF UTAH MOLLY MURPHY PEDERSEN, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA CHANDLER PEFFLEY, OF MINNESOTA THOMAS A. PEPE III, OF PENNSYLVANIA ABDEL PERERA, OF FLORIDA ERIN ELIZABETH PERETTI, OF VIRGINIA RYAN PESECKAS, OF FLORIDA KIRA MARIE PETERSON, OF MICHIGAN TIMOTHY J. PETRO, OF VIRGINIA KATHERINE PETTERSSON, OF NEW YORK SUSAN PHEMISTER, OF NEW YORK CHRISTINA ANGELINE PHILLIPS, OF LOUISIANA GARVEY PIERRE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TIMOTHY J. PIRO, OF VIRGINIA MARK PITUCH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BRIANT S. PLATT, OF UTAH NEAL S. POSDAMER, OF VIRGINIA THERESE M. POSTEL, OF NEW YORK JESSE POTTER, OF WASHINGTON MITCHELL H. PRAY, OF VIRGINIA ASHLEY A. PRICE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANTHONY A. PRIDOTKAS, OF VIRGINIA AYESHA QUIRKE, OF FLORIDA TRUDE ENOLA RAIZEN, OF MASSACHUSETTS RENATO RAMACIOTTI, OF TEXAS MARJORIE JEANNE HABIT RAPP, OF NORTH CAROLINA DAVID J. REDLINGER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ALLISON JEAN REEDY, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE KIRBY SCOTT REILING, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL RIES, OF FLORIDA RYAN RIKANSRUD, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TIMOTHY KEVIN RILEY, OF VIRGINIA ROGER RODRIGUEZ RIOS, OF CALIFORNIA ANDREW J. RIPLINGER, OF ILLINOIS MARINA RITSEMA, OF CONNECTICUT MITCHELL J. RITSEMA, OF CONNECTICUT PAUL ALEXANDER RIVERA, OF FLORIDA MARK T. ROBINSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ELIZABETH M. RODRIGUEZ, OF PENNSYLVANIA CHAD ROEDEMEIER, OF NEW YORK SARAH ROHN, OF VIRGINIA ANTONELLA P. ROMONA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DAVID B. ROSENBLUM, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SHARON ANN RYAN, OF MISSOURI NICHOLAS M. SAGNIMENI, OF VIRGINIA TYLER SAMS, OF VIRGINIA DANA SLADE SANDERS, OF WEST VIRGINIA STEPHEN SANDERS, OF CALIFORNIA NICOLE A. SATAR, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA NATHANIEL R. SAVIO, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA A. SAVITCH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BRYAN KENJI SCHELL, OF CALIFORNIA DAVID MATTHEW SCHNEIDER, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
PAUL SCOTT, OF ARIZONA GOURI SEETHARAM, OF NEW YORK NICHOLAS J. SESNAK, OF WASHINGTON JESSE A. SHAW, OF CALIFORNIA DANE ALAN SHELLY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BRIAN D. SHERIDAN, OF VIRGINIA MOON SHIN, OF VIRGINIA STEPHANIE ALLISON SHOEMAKER, OF NORTH CAROLINA REBECCA K. SIMON, OF VIRGINIA STEPHEN M. SMALL, OF VIRGINIA KRISTIN SMITH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MARK D. SMITH, OF MINNESOTA AMY K. SNELLINGS, OF VIRGINIA JAMES RICHARD SNODDY, OF VIRGINIA JAMES THOMAS SNYDER, OF VIRGINIA STEPHANIE R. SOBEK, OF OHIO 
STEVEN SOONG, OF VIRGINIA CATHERINE S. SPEICH, OF TEXAS MICHAEL SIDNEY STABLER, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
INGRID H. STAUDENMEYER, OF VIRGINIA PAUL A. STEMPEL, OF MARYLAND BRITTNEY CONNAE STEWART, OF TEXAS MICHAEL C. STIEG, OF CALIFORNIA VANESSA STOTTS, OF TEXAS JAMES A. STRICKLAND, OF VIRGINIA DAGMAR STRONG–WITTMANN, OF VIRGINIA JAMES M. STUHLTRAGER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
GRETA MARIE STULTS, OF CALIFORNIA MICHELLE SUAREZ, OF FLORIDA JACK SWETLAND, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JEFFREY TANG, OF MASSACHUSETTS SHEILA S. TANG–RABEONY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
ALENA L. TAYLOR, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SARAH M. TAYLOR, OF VIRGINIA PETER JOHN THEIS, OF MINNESOTA R. CHASE THOMPSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RONALD DANIEL THOMPSON, OF SOUTH CAROLINA HEATHER R. THORNTON, OF VIRGINIA JASON W. TILLEY, OF VIRGINIA SHEREE D. TINDER, OF KANSAS ASHELY MICHELLE STOVER TOKIC, OF THE DISTRICT OF 
COLUMBIA 
JAMES D. TOMLINSON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KRISTINA ERLEWINE TONN, OF OHIO THOMAS TORRES, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN M. TORRO, OF VIRGINIA MARY KATHARINE AIMEE TRECHOCK, OF CALIFORNIA ABIGAIL TRENHAILE, OF HAWAII TRAVIS L. TUCKER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CARYL MARIE TUMA, OF PENNSYLVANIA KIMBERLY HERMINE MIHRAN TURLEY, OF VIRGINIA DARRYL ALLEN TURNER, JR., OF ILLINOIS KONRAD TURSKI, OF VIRGINIA KEITH TYLECKI, OF VIRGINIA ERIN CELESTE TYLER, OF VIRGINIA ECHIKA UDIKA, OF MARYLAND DANIEL VAN DYKEN, OF VIRGINIA PATRICIA ANN VANDERWALL, OF FLORIDA PETER VANDERWALL, OF FLORIDA JESSICA TORRES VARDA, OF FLORIDA ZINA Z. VARELAS, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL A. VASILOFF, OF VIRGINIA MARIBEL VASQUEZ, OF NEW YORK ZAHEERA WAHID, OF NEVADA PAULA S. WALKER, OF NORTH CAROLINA BRETT WALKLEY, OF CALIFORNIA LEIF WALLER, OF VIRGINIA PHILIP A. WALLISCH, OF VIRGINIA KENNETH K. WAN, OF CALIFORNIA JACOB ANDREW WARDEN, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE SARAH ELIZABETH WARDWELL, OF OREGON COLLIN KENNETH WEBSTER, OF NEVADA ELIZABETH SARA WEISMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA 
RAYMOND E. WELCH, JR., OF NEW YORK MATTHEW JAMES WELSH, OF NEW YORK BRYN WEST, OF TEXAS MICHAEL WESTENDORP, OF MICHIGAN JOHN NATHANAEL WHEELER, OF ALASKA BRYANT WHITFIELD, OF INDIANA KELLEY M. WHITSON, OF MARYLAND CHRISTOPHER LOUIS WIEDEMER, OF THE DISTRICT OF 
COLUMBIA 
BENJAMIN JOSEPH WILLIAMS, OF CALIFORNIA MARCUS TAMBOURA WILLIAMS, OF TEXAS MICHAEL G. WLODEK, OF VIRGINIA CASEY S. WOHLFEIL, OF VIRGINIA COURTNEY ANNE WOLFF, OF NEVADA GORDON TATE WOOD, OF FLORIDA KELLY WOOD, OF TEXAS TIM WORM, OF FLORIDA CHRISTINE NING–CHIUN YARNG, OF TEXAS KEREN YOHANNES, OF KENTUCKY LYNDSEY KANANI YOSHINO, OF WISCONSIN AMANDA K. YOUNG, OF VIRGINIA ANGELA L. YOUNG, OF TEXAS CHARLOTTE YOUNG–FADARE, OF SOUTH CAROLINA CALVIN YIN–CHUNG YU, OF GEORGIA EMILY YU, OF CALIFORNIA SAMY ZAKA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HALEH H. ZAREEI, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN STEPHEN ZELAKIEWICZ, OF VIRGINIA 
f 
WITHDRAWAL 
Executive Message transmitted by 
the President to the Senate on May 7, 2015 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomina-tion: 
JUAN M. GARCIA III, OF TEXAS, TO BE AN ASSISTANT 
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE JESSICA LYNN WRIGHT, RESIGNED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON MARCH 19, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A07MY6.009 S07MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
D505 Thursday, May 7, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 1191, Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, as amended. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2699–S2741 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-six bills and five res-
olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1238–1263, S.J. Res. 15–16, S. Res. 174–175, and S. Con. Res. 16.
                                                                             Pages S2729–30 
Measures Passed: 
Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act: By 98 yeas 
to 1 nay (Vote No. 174), Senate passed H.R. 1191, to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, after amending the title, and taking action on the fol-lowing amendments proposed thereto:
   Pages S2725–26 
Adopted: 
Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1219 (to Amend-
ment No. 1140), to make technical changes. 
                                                                                            Page S2721 
Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1140, in the na-
ture of a substitute.                                                   Page S2725 
Corker Amendment No. 1220, to amend the title. 
                                                                                            Page S2726 
Withdrawn: 
Corker/Cardin Amendment No. 1179 (to Amend-
ment No. 1140), to require submission of all Persian text included in the agreement.
          Pages S2721, S2725 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 93 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. 173), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on Corker/Cardin Amend-ment No. 1140 (listed above).
                            Page S2725 
Chair sustained a point of order that the following 
amendments were not germane, and the amendments thus fell:
                                                                         Page S2725 
Blunt Amendment No. 1155 (to Amendment No. 
1140), to extend the requirement for annual Depart-ment of Defense reports on the military power of Iran.
                                                                                  Page S2725 Vitter Modified Amendment No. 1186 (to 
Amendment No. 1179), to require an assessment of inadequacies in the international monitoring and verification system as they relate to a nuclear agree-ment with Iran.
                                                          Page S2725 
Cotton Amendment No. 1197 (to the language 
proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1140), of a perfecting nature.
                                             Page S2725 
Cotton (for Rubio) Amendment No. 1198 (to 
Amendment No. 1197), to require a certification that Iran’s leaders have publically accepted Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state, fell when Cotton Amendment No. 1197 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1140) (listed above) was ruled not germane by the Chair.
              Page S2725 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the bill, be withdrawn.
                                                             Page S2725 
Recognizing the Roles and Contributions of 
Teachers: Senate agreed to S. Res. 175, recognizing 
the roles and contributions of the teachers of the United States to building and enhancing the civic, cultural, and economic well-being of the United States.
                                                                              Page S2734 
Measures Considered: 
Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to 
Appeal Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration 
of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal re-lating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations.
        Pages S2699–S2702, S2726–27 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday May 7, 2015, a vote on cloture will occur at 2:30 p.m., on Tuesday, May 12, 2015.
                                 Page S2733 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07MY5.REC D07MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D506 May 7, 2015 
United States Citizens in Iran—Agreement: A 
unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached pro-viding that S. Con. Res. 16, stating the policy of the United States regarding the release of United States citizens in Iran, be placed on the Calendar, and that at 5 p.m., on Monday, May 11, 2015, Senate begin consideration of the concurrent resolution, that there be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form, and then Senate vote on adoption of the con-current resolution, with no intervening action or de-bate.
                                                                                  Page S2733 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Jennifer Zimdahl Galt, of Colorado, to be Ambas-
sador to Mongolia. 
David R. Gilmour, of Texas, to be Ambassador to 
the Togolese Republic. 
James Desmond Melville, Jr., of New Jersey, to be 
Ambassador to the Republic of Estonia. 
Peter F. Mulrean, of Massachusetts, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Haiti. 
Edwin Richard Nolan, Jr., of Massachusetts, to be 
Ambassador to the Republic of Suriname. 
Karen Bollinger DeSalvo, of Louisiana, to be As-
sistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
Routine lists in the Foreign Service. 
                                                                                    Pages S2739–41 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-
tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
Juan M. Garcia III, of Texas, to be an Assistant 
Secretary of Defense, which was sent to the Senate on March 19, 2015.
                                                 Page S2741 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S2729 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2731–32 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S2732 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2728–29 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S2732–33 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2733 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S2733 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—174)                                              Page S2725, S2725–26 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 5:35 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, May 11, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2734.) Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAMS 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine child nutri-tion programs, after receiving testimony from Ste-phen M. Lord, Managing Director, Forensic Audits and Investigative Service, Government Account-ability Office; Richard J. Goff, West Virginia De-partment of Education Child Nutrition Programs Office of Child Nutrition Executive Director, Charleston; Zoe Neuberger, Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, Washington, D.C.; Brian Riendeau, Dare to Care Food Bank, Louisville, Kentucky, on behalf of Feeding America; Cindy Jones, Olathe Public Schools District 233, Olathe, Kansas, on be-half of the School Nutrition Association of Kansas; and Sandra G. Hassink, American Academy of Pedi-atrics, Wilmington, Delaware. 
RURAL HEALTH 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies concluded a hear-ing to examine rural health, after receiving testi-mony from Sean Cavanaugh, Deputy Administrator and Director, Center for Medicare, Centers for Medi-care and Medicaid Services, and Thomas Morris, As-sociate Administrator, Federal Office of Rural Health Policy, Health Resources and Services Administra-tion, both of the Department of Health and Human Services; Tim Wolters, Citizens Memorial Hospital, Bolivar, Missouri; Kristi Henderson, University of Mississippi Medical Center, Jackson; Julie Petersen, PMH Medical Center, Prosser, Washington; and George Stover, Hospital District #1 of Rice County, Lyons, Kansas. 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF 
JUSTICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies con-cluded a hearing to examine proposed budget esti-mates for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Jus-tice, after receiving testimony from Loretta E. Lynch, Attorney General, Department of Justice. 
SOCIAL MEDIA IN THE NEXT EVOLUTION 
OF TERRORIST RECRUITMENT 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine so-
cial media in the next evolution of terrorist recruit-
ment, after receiving testimony from Peter Bergen, New America Foundation, J.M. Berger, The Brook-ings Institution, and Daveed Gartenstein-Ross, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07MY5.REC D07MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D507 May 7, 2015 
Foundation for Defense of Democracies, all of Wash-
ington, D.C.; and Mubin Shaikh, Toronto, Canada. 
PATENT ACT 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine S. 1137, to amend title 35, United States Code, and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and technical corrections, after receiving testimony from Mark Chandler, Cisco Systems Inc., Washington, D.C.; Kevin H. Rhodes, 3M Company, St. Paul, Min-nesota, on behalf of the Coalition for 21st Century 
Patent Reform; Diane Lettelleir, J.C. Penny Corpora-tion, Inc., Plano, Texas; and Henry Hadad, Bristol- Myers Squibb, and Julie P. Samuels, Engine, both of New York, New York. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet in a Pro Forma Session at 11 a.m. on Friday, May 8, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
MAY 8, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07MY5.REC D07MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD508 May 7, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, May 11 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of S. Con. Res. 16, United States Citizens in Iran, and vote on adoption of the concurrent resolution at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
11 a.m., Friday, May 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: The House is scheduled to meet in 
a Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. on Friday, May 8, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 May 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07MY5.REC D07MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST