Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H759 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 2015 No. 19 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
OLLY ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
February 4, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D AVID W. 
JOLLY to act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
OPENING OF THE FLORIDA CEN-
TER FOR CYBERSECURITY AT UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH FLORIDA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise this 
morning to bring to the attention of my colleagues an important event tak-ing place this Friday in the 15th Con-gressional District of Florida which I have the privilege to represent. 
With the opening of the Florida Cen-
ter for Cybersecurity on the campus of the University of South Florida, also known as USF, in Tampa this Friday, our State marshals the strength of all 
of Florida’s public universities to re-spond to our Nation’s cybersecurity workforce needs. 
The center will help develop the next 
generation of technology to prevent cyber attacks and provide a resource for Florida businesses to help them prevent and, if necessary, respond to cyber threats. 
I want to congratulate the board of 
governors for our State university sys-tem, our Florida State Legislature, and our Florida Governor for recognizing the critical importance of the growing cyber threat to Florida residents and businessowners throughout the world. These leaders are doing something about that threat by establishing the Florida Center for Cybersecurity. 
They recognized that with our grow-
ing reliance on Internet connectivity each and every day, cybersecurity be-comes increasingly more vital. Cyber-security reaches every facet of modern life, from national security to personal communication, from data storage to banking security, from health care pri-vacy to transportation safety. 
In just 7 short months, the center has 
enrolled its first 100 students in a spe-cial cybersecurity master’s degree pro-gram. Just last October, the program at USF became only the second in the Nation to be designated as a National Center of Academic Excellence in In-formation Assurance and Cybersecu-rity. 
The center continues to address the 
serious shortfall in our Nation’s cyber-security workforce by bringing online degree, certificate, and training pro-grams to facilitate industry-recognized specializations to enhance the cyberse-curity workforce, mitigate cybersecu-rity threats, and attract new busi-nesses to Florida and across our great Nation. 
Most importantly, the university will 
reach out to our Nation’s heroes who have proudly served in uniform and re-turn to civilian life to allow them to 
continue to protect our homeland. 
Tampa is the perfect home for this 
new cyber mission with its close prox-imity to the headquarters of the U.S. Central Command, U.S. Special Oper-ations Command, and the Joint Cyber Command at MacDill Air Force Base. 
The Tampa Bay region is also a cen-
ter for our State’s financial and health care industries. National, State, and local businesses—large and small—will benefit from the continuing outreach and educational programs offered by the Florida Center for Cybersecurity at USF. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud USF’s energy 
and innovation in responding to the na-tional and international cyber threat. This is the type of quick and thorough response our Nation needs as we bring together the best our public and pri-vate sectors have to offer in protecting our citizens and our businesses from this ongoing threat to our national se-curity, our personal security, and eco-nomic security. 
Congratulations to USF, and go, 
Bulls. 
f 
AWARE ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
one of the areas where Congress has re-peatedly come together in a non-partisan fashion to make real progress has been legislation dealing with the protection of animals. This is some-thing that unites us as we have been able to deal with a series of simple, commonsense steps to assure we meet the standard of care. 
That is why it was so horrific to read 
the terrible front-page article in The New York Times on January 20 about the Federal Meat Animal Research Center in Clay Center, Nebraska. Mov-ing from the front page to two full 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.000 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H760 February 4, 2015 
pages on the inside were truly gro-
tesque and horrifying examples of ani-mal abuse. 
A young cow had its head locked in a 
cagelike device to keep her immobile while she was repeatedly—you can only describe it as sexually tortured for hours by as many as six bulls being studied for their sexual libido. Her back legs were broken, her body—in the words of one of the observers—was ‘‘torn up,’’ and the cow understandably died from her injuries. 
There were other experiments de-
tailed, sheep and pigs, without consid-eration of animal health impact. It de-tailed horrifying and often unsuccess-ful results. At least 6,500 animals were known to have starved to death at this facility, and unknown numbers died from negligence from easily treatable infections, exposure to bad weather, or attacks by predators—all of this at a cost of almost $200 million of taxpayer money over the last 10 years, resulting in this grotesque abuse of animals. 
There is the ability to abuse, neglect, 
and even torture farm animals because there is no law that requires their pro-tection. There is a loophole in the Ani-mal Welfare Act which exempts farm animals used for research. 
Think about it. If you are abusing, 
neglecting, or even torturing farm ani-mals for agricultural research, you don’t have to obey the Animal Welfare Act. It is absolutely unjustified and outrageous. 
This week, Congressman M
ICHAEL  
FITZPATRICK —my cochair of the Con-
gressional Animal Protection Caucus— and I are introducing the AWARE Act which would require that in Federal fa-cilities, farm animals used in agricul-tural research be included in the defi-nition of ‘‘animal’’ under the Animal Welfare Act. 
It seems rather simple. It would en-
sure that these animals are treated like other warmblooded animals in other Federal research facilities. It is time that we step up to stop this hor-rific abuse. There is no reason that the USDA agricultural research facilities experimenting on farm animals should not be held to the same standards as Federal research facilities that con-duct lifesaving disease research with the same kinds of animals. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port this AWARE Act, the Animal Wel-fare and Agricultural Research Endeav-ors. It is supported by The Humane So-ciety, the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, the Humane Legis-lative Fund, and countless people 
across the country who deeply believe in animal welfare. 
This is our job in Congress, and this 
is a small step that we can quickly make to show that we respond to ani-mal abuse and that the Federal Gov-ernment will lead by example. 
I would urge my colleagues to join 
Congressman F
ITZPATRICK and me as 
members of the Congressional Animal Protection Caucus to work together on behalf of God’s creatures who cannot speak for themselves. PUERTO RICO STATEHOOD 
ADMISSION PROCESS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Mr. Speaker, today, 
I am introducing the most forceful and ambitious statehood admission bill for Puerto Rico in U.S. history. The bill, fittingly, has 51 original cosponsors from both parties. 
Before I describe the bill, let me ex-
plain its background. In 2012, the Puer-to Rico government sponsored a ref-erendum in which voters rejected Puer-to Rico’s current territory status and expressed a clear preference for state-hood. 
In the 113th Congress, at my initia-
tive, the President proposed and Con-gress approved an appropriation of $2.5 million to fund the first federally spon-sored status vote in Puerto Rico’s his-tory. The funding will remain available until it is used by the Puerto Rico gov-ernment. 
While the law does not prescribe the 
exact format of the ballot, it does es-tablish important conditions; namely, the law provides that the U.S. Depart-ment of Justice must certify that the ballot and voter education materials are consistent with U.S. law and pol-icy. 
The bipartisan bill I am introducing 
today flows from and builds upon the 2012 referendum and the Federal appro-priation enacted in response to that referendum. In other words, this bill is being filed now because the strategic foundation is firmly in place. 
Every action I take is designed to ad-
vance the statehood cause because it is beyond dispute that territory status is the main source of Puerto Rico’s grave economic and social problems. My con-stituents have no interest in symbolic gestures or empty rhetoric. They care only about concrete steps that bring Puerto Rico closer to equality. 
My bill would authorize a vote to be 
held in Puerto Rico within 1 year of the bill’s enactment—that is, by no later than the end of 2017. The ballot would contain a single question: Shall Puerto Rico be admitted as a State of the United States? 
To conduct this vote, the Puerto 
Rico government may use the $2.5 mil-lion that Congress already approved since this format clearly satisfies the conditions of the appropriations law. If a majority of voters affirm their desire for admission, the bill provides for an automatic series of steps to occur. 
First, by February 2018, the President 
would issue a proclamation to begin Puerto Rico’s transition to statehood. 
Second, the President would appoint 
a commission to prepare a report that describes the Federal laws that treat the territory of Puerto Rico differently than the States. The commission would complete the report by July 2018. The congressional committees of jurisdic-tion could then enact legislation to phase in equal treatment of Puerto Rico during the transition period so 
the admission process is structured and orderly. 
Third, in November 2020, the Amer-
ican citizens of Puerto Rico would vote for President and Vice President, two U.S. Senators, and voting Members of the U.S. House. 
Finally, on January 1, 2021, the Presi-
dent would proclaim Puerto Rico to be a State. Puerto Rico’s congressional Representatives would be sworn into office, and Puerto Rico would be treat-ed on equal footing with all other States. 
My bill is modeled on the legislation 
enacted by Congress with respect to Alaska and Hawaii. When Alaska and Hawaii were territories, they each held votes sponsored by their local govern-ments in which voters expressed a de-sire for statehood. This is also what oc-curred in Puerto Rico in 2012. 
Ultimately, Congress enacted an ad-
mission act for Alaska in 1958 and an admission act for Hawaii in 1959. Those acts of Congress provided for admission to occur once a majority of voters in each territory affirmed in a federally sponsored vote that they desired state-hood. That is precisely what my bill would do with respect to Puerto Rico. 
Every Member of Congress who co-
sponsors this bill is standing up for a powerful, powerful principle, which is this: the people of Puerto Rico are U.S. citizens, they have enriched the life of this Nation for generations, and they have fought and died to defend her. 
If a majority of Puerto Rico’s voters 
affirm their desire in a federally spon-sored vote to become a full and equal part of the American family, the will of the people should be honored. Democ-racy requires no less. 
f 
SERVICEMEMBER ASSISTANCE 
FOR LAWFUL UNDERSTANDING, TREATMENT, AND EDUCATION ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, last week, my fellow Chester County Congressman, P
ATRICK MEE-
HAN, introduced the Servicemember As-
sistance for Lawful Understanding, Treatment, and Education Act, other-wise known as the SALUTE Act. 
I want to praise Congressman M
EE-
HANfor his leadership on this issue and 
speak a little bit about it in support of the SALUTE Act. 
b1015 
It is going to help veterans overcome 
addictions and PTSD by providing yearly Federal funding for Veterans Treatment Courts. This is an oppor-tunity for all of us to help troubled veterans break free of the cycle and get the help that they need. 
It is estimated that one in five vet-
erans returning from Afghanistan and Iraq will experience a stress-related 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.006 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H761 February 4, 2015 
mental illness. Veterans Treatment 
Courts assist soldiers who are charged with nonviolent crimes and who are struggling with certain addictions or mental illnesses. Veterans Treatment Courts provide an opportunity for them to get their lives back on the right track and to not spiral down a track of addiction. 
Pennsylvania, as you may know, is a 
hub of veterans courts, as 18 counties have them. In fact, three counties that I represent—Chester, Montgomery, and Berks—have Veterans Treatment Courts, and I have seen firsthand as the Chester County commissioner how impactful and effective they can be. I have witnessed firsthand how impor-tant it is to the lives of returning vet-erans. So I share with you a quote that I received from Chester County Dis-trict Attorney Tom Hogan: 
These brave men and women have sac-
rificed so much to serve our country and pro-tect our freedom. We owe it to them to help them when they return home. Veterans court provides the structure and support to ad-dress the unique needs of combat veterans who find themselves in the criminal justice system. It is our duty to thank our veterans by offering help as they readjust to civilian life. 
I am proud to be an original cospon-
sor of the SALUTE Act, and I want to thank, again, Congressman M
EEHAN for 
introducing it. When the time comes, I encourage my colleagues to full- heartedly support the SALUTE Act. It is commonsense legislation that will help our Nation’s heroes. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF THE PRESIDENT’S 
FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in full support of President Obama’s fiscal year 2016 budget. 
It is a budget that is firmly rooted in 
middle class economics, designed to benefit working families and middle-in-come Americans. It is a budget that will facilitate access to quality, afford-able child care and will dramatically expand prekindergarten education in a way that will allow the children of middle class Americans to get off to a faster start in life. 
President Obama’s budget, with the 
full support of House Democrats, will also address wage stagnation. It is de-signed to put more income—more money—in the pockets of middle class Americans and of those who aspire to be part of the middle class. It will ad-dress the fact that, since the early 1970s, the productivity of the American worker has increased consistently, yet middle class wages have remained stag-nant. That is a systematic problem that President Obama, Leader P
ELOSI , 
and House Democrats are determined to address on behalf of the middle class. 
President Obama’s budget is also de-
signed to increase the affordability of a college education. We know that Amer-
icans right now are burdened with more than $1 trillion in student loan debt. That type of debt limits the abil-ity of younger Americans to purchase a home, to start a family, to open up a new business, to take a chance. It lim-its their ability to robustly access the American Dream. President Obama’s budget is designed to allow the sons and daughters of the middle class to pursue their dreams in a more mean-ingful fashion. 
When President Obama took office, 
he inherited an economic train wreck as a result of the Great Recession that was handed to him by the policies of the previous Republican administra-tion. Through the leadership of Presi-dent Obama, working closely with Democrats in the House and the Sen-ate, we have turned the economy around. We have gotten it back on the right track. 
So the question that we in this Con-
gress face today is: Will we continue the policies of middle class economics, which are designed to benefit working families and moderate income Ameri-cans, or are we going to regress to the policies of trickle-down economics, which have failed middle class Ameri-cans time and time again? 
I am in my second term. When I first 
got to the Congress, I assumed that trickle-down economics was dead, doomed by the fact that it has failed over and over again. Apparently, it has been revived. 
In its most recent incarnation, House 
Republicans would like to drop the top tax rate from 39.6 percent on the wealthiest Americans all the way down to 25 percent. Their argument is: ‘‘Don’t worry, everybody is going to benefit.’’ But that hasn’t worked in the past. In fact, I am convinced that mid-dle class economics is far more pref-erable to trickle-down economics, which, as it relates to the middle class, simply means you may be lucky to get a trickle, but you are guaranteed to stay down. That is what the record says. 
Bill Clinton inherited a recession. 
The top tax rate on high-income earn-ers was 31 percent. He raised it to 39.6 percent, and the purveyors of trickle- down economics predicted economic doom and gloom. What happened when President Clinton focused on the mid-dle class? More than 20 million jobs were created. He then handed over a budget surplus to President Bush and his coconspirators in the Congress, and like drunken sailors, they blew that budget surplus on failed wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and on a tax cut that disproportionately benefited the wealthy and the well off. Did trickle- down economics work when they dropped the top tax rate to 35 percent? No. During the Bush Presidency, 650,000-plus jobs were lost. 
President Obama inherited this eco-
nomic mess, and in partnership with Democrats in the House and in the Senate, he renewed his focus on the middle class. He even raised the top tax 
rate back up to 39.6 percent. Doom and gloom was predicted, but what hap-pened? The economy is humming. The stock market is way up. Gas prices are way down. The unemployment rate has come down. Economic growth is ex-ceeding all of the competitors across the world. 
There is more to be done, but for us 
to be successful, we have got to aban-don the focus on the wealthy and the well off and pursue middle class eco-nomics. 
f 
JOHN TEDORE, A HERO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Y
OUNG ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor a native Iowan— John Tedore from West Des Moines— for his service to our great country. 
Mr. Tedore was a member of the elite 
First Special Service Force that be-came renowned for their missions in Italy and southern France in World War II. 
Mr. Tedore was in Washington, D.C., 
yesterday—in the great Capitol Build-ing here—along with nearly 40 of his fellow veterans, known as the Devil’s Brigade, to receive the prestigious Con-gressional Gold Medal, which is the highest honor Congress can bestow upon civilians. For the men of the Dev-il’s Brigade, this is an honor highly de-served. John Tedore—this hero, this Iowan—stood for all of those who could not be here so that they may never be forgotten for their selfless and heroic service. 
We must never forget those who an-
swered the call to serve to protect our rights and our liberties and to make this a safer world for this Nation and the cause of freedom. 
To John Tedore and your fellow 
members of the Devil’s Brigade, from a grateful nation and from this grateful Iowan, congratulations on this highest of honors, and God bless you. 
f 
THE NEXT AMERICAN CENTURY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE ) 
for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsyl-
vania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak briefly about two aspects of the Presi-dent’s budget that really struck me and a number of my constituents in Philadelphia and Montgomery County as so important. 
As a new Member, it has been a spe-
cial honor to be serving in this Cham-ber, and I have had a few incredibly special moments that all Americans can identify with. One is the swearing- in of a new Congress, something that dates back to right after our First Con-gress was sworn in right after the U.S. Constitution was signed in Philadel-phia. One of those other moments—a constitutionally mandated moment—is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.004 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H762 February 4, 2015 
when the President comes to Congress 
to give a report on the state of the Union from time to time, as the Con-stitution says. 
Sitting right here in this Chamber 
and hearing President Obama speak about the state of our Union would be exciting in any year, in any cir-cumstance, but it was especially this year because, for the first time in 6 years—after the deepest and darkest recession in almost a century—we have turned the page. After 6 rather difficult years of digging our way out of a ditch, we now can build a foundation to move forward. With that, there were two areas specifically that the President focused on. 
One was a universal college edu-
cation. As the first of my family to go to college, I know I wouldn’t have had the opportunities that I have had in life without having a higher education. I needed a combination of scholarships and student loans and every sort of work-study job imaginable to get there, as well as help from parents and even grandparents. That is a story similar to so many working and middle class Americans, but for too many Americans today the cost of a higher education is simply unaffordable. 
The question is: Do you go without it 
at all even though two-thirds of the jobs by the end of this decade will re-quire some form of a higher education? Do you just forgo a higher education altogether, or do you take on tens of thousands in student loans and then be burdened with paying back that debt upon graduation? Either scenario is far from ideal. 
What the President said—and I com-
pletely agree—is let’s make 2 years of community college universal and free in this country. Now, that may be un-thinkable today. 100 years ago, it was unthinkable that a free, fully funded high school education would be uni-versal. Yet, for us, that is the reality today. It would be unthinkable for Americans of my age and even of an older age to imagine a time in which high school was not universal. Let’s get there with 2 years of a college edu-cation. 
The second area the President fo-
cused on was the child care tax credit. For so many working families and young families, affording child care is simply unaffordable. We have an oppor-tunity through this budget to change that, to build on the successes of the last 6 years and to finally prepare to make this century the second Amer-ican Century. Ensuring that we have good, high-quality, affordable child care is vital to this middle class. 
The reason the last century was the 
American Century was that we had the largest and most productive middle class in the world. Access to higher education and access to child care are two necessary ingredients in making sure we have a strong and vibrant mid-dle class in the 21st century. RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 28 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Dean Curry, Life Center 
Church, Tacoma, Washington, offered the following prayer: 
Father, what an honor it is to be in 
Your presence here today. We celebrate this morning what You have done through the United States of America. 
We acknowledge the hand of provi-
dence in our history and the force of inspiration for our future. 
Be with us here now most signifi-
cantly in our present that we could see what others do not see, that we could do what others fear to do, so that we could change what others are afraid to change. 
We are reminded that we are so small 
and You are so big. Our problems are daunting, and our responsibilities are many. But we look to You today, to Your principles and to Your goodness, that we could be everything You de-signed for us to be, that we could do ev-erything You planned for us to do, that others may be free. 
Today, may every decision made, 
every plan contemplated, be sprinkled with Your grace and be inspired from Heaven. Change us; change our minds and our hearts that we may change our destiny and the destiny of others both here and around the world. 
I pray all of this with respect to all 
faiths in the name of Jesus of Naza-reth. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from Indiana (Mrs. W ALORSKI ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mrs. WALORSKI led the Pledge of 
Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. WELCOMING REVEREND DEAN 
CURRY 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor today’s guest chaplain, Reverend Dean Curry, from Tacoma, Wash-ington. 
We are blessed to have such a re-
markable pastor with us today who is a leading figure in the region that I rep-resent. Reverend Curry’s Life Center Church in Tacoma is a vibrant place where folks young and old come for worship. 
He knows what it means to give back 
to your community. Each month, he brings together civic and elected lead-ers in Tacoma for a faith breakfast, and volunteers from his church are al-ways helping out those going through hard times. 
The motto of his church sums up his 
work pretty remarkably: ‘‘It’s all about the people.’’ That is why it is fit-ting to have Reverend Curry here today. Like the United States House of Representatives, his mission is to serve the people. 
Reverend Curry is an example of how 
we should do more to listen, respect, and understand one another better so we can leave a place for future genera-tions where opportunities are available for everyone. 
Reverend Curry has also led humani-
tarian missions to troubled regions like Iraq and Afghanistan to offer as-sistance and hope to those suffering through tragedies. He is someone who ‘‘walks the walk’’ when it comes to fighting for equality, religious free-dom, and social justice both in his community and around the world. 
Whether he is listening to stories in 
refugee settlements or helping out with a national prayer breakfast, his pas-sion for others shines through, and it is an honor to welcome him today. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN ) laid before the House the 
following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, February 4, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 4, 2015 at 9:22 a.m.: 
Appointment: Commission on Security and Cooperation 
in Europe (Helsinki). 
United States Senate Caucus on Inter-
national Narcotics Control. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.005 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H763 February 4, 2015 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
KAREN L. H AAS. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SAFE FEDERAL 
CREDIT UNION 60TH ANNIVERSARY 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, congratulations to SAFE Fed-eral Credit Union which on January 14 celebrated the 60th anniversary of its Federal charter. 
In January 1955, 15 civilian employ-
ees at Shaw Air Force Base organized the SAFE Federal Credit Union. Throughout the years, SAFE’s mem-bership has expanded to nearly 500 ad-ditional groups and eight underserved communities. SAFE, headquartered in Sumter, South Carolina, is now the largest credit union serving the South Carolina Midlands with 108,000 mem-bers and $903 million in assets. 
I am grateful for the work of SAFE’s 
employees who have developed a rep-utation of exemplary service, knowl-edge, and trust under the leadership of SAFE’s CEO and president, Beverly Gagne. They have also been on the cut-ting edge of fraud prevention which is critical as we address new cyber cases of crime. 
With their professionalism in lending 
practices, members have created many opportunities and prompted thousands of new jobs. I know firsthand as a real estate attorney closing loans for SAFE. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
Our prayers for the people of Jordan 
as the latest victims of terrorism. 
f 
INVESTING IN OUR 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
(Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, infra-
structure investment is key to growing our economy and creating jobs which is why President Obama committed to a 40 percent increase in infrastructure funding in his budget released this week. 
Despite the fact that every billion 
dollars invested in infrastructure cre-ates 30,000 jobs, over the past 50 years, our investment in infrastructure has shrunk by half. Meanwhile, China is in-vesting four times as much as we do in transportation. We need these investments in Chi-
cago where we have got a century-old transit system that needs updates to keep up with increased capacity. By the way, the Chicago Transit Author-ity carries more people in a month than Amtrak does in a year. We also need 1,000 miles of roads to be repaired, and 675 bridges are structurally defi-cient or functionally obsolete. 
Our crumbling infrastructure is slow-
ing economic growth, and without seri-ous long-term investments, we simply will not be able to compete in today’s global economy. 
The President outlined his 21st cen-
tury infrastructure plan this week. Now, it is time for Democrats and Re-publicans in Congress to work together on the long-term transportation bill the American people are asking for. 
f 
MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA 
BENEFICIARY TRAVEL ACT 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today after listening to the stories of veterans and their families. It is very apparent the VA is not doing enough to help victims overcome the physical and psychological pain of military sexual trauma. 
This week, I introduced H.R. 642, a 
bill that would make victims of mili-tary sexual trauma eligible for VA travel benefits. Those who fight for our freedom have faced enough challenges along the way. Expecting them to pay for their own travel to receive care or treatment for the sexual trauma they endured by serving our country is un-fair. 
I am grateful today to work with 
Representative K
USTER , Representative 
COFFMAN , and Representative R UIZon 
this important legislation, and I am hopeful it is a step in the right direc-tion by helping veterans access much- needed care. 
I encourage support for H.R. 642. 
f 
GO RED FOR WOMEN CAMPAIGN 
(Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of Go Red for Women. 
More than 600,000 women’s lives have 
been saved from heart disease since Go Red for Women was created in 2004, but heart disease still remains the number one killer for women and men and causes more deaths than all forms of cancer. 
As a National Heart Association 
Board member, one of Columbus, Ohio’s first Go Red chairs, and a mem-ber of the Congressional Heart Caucus, I rise today to recognize survivors, those battling with heart disease, and those who are fighting and working to find cures and improve treatments. Today, Members of Congress will 
stand together, Democrats and Repub-licans, in red to send a message to the Nation that as colleagues, we can stand and celebrate the American Heart As-sociation and its Go Red for Women campaign. 
Mr. Speaker, working together, we 
will make a difference. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BILLY KIRKBRIDE 
(Mr. STEWART asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I stand 
here today to recognize a true Amer-
ican hero, Utah veteran Billy Kirkbride, who was just awarded the Congressional Gold Medal. 
Billy joined the Army in 1942, and he 
was chosen to be part of the unique program called the First Special Serv-ice Force which was the forerunner of today’s Special Forces. It was here that he became a member of the very elite Devil’s Brigade. 
The Congressional Gold Medal is 
awarded to those who have performed amazing feats leaving permanent im-pacts upon American culture and his-tory. As a former Air Force pilot, I know the sacrifice and the dedication that it takes to become one of Amer-ica’s elite warriors. 
It is an honor to stand here today not 
just before the American people, but before his lovely wife and daughters to pay tribute to the sacrifice and dedica-tion that Billy showed through his service to this great Nation. 
He doesn’t just represent the 
strength of the Armed Forces, he rep-resents American values that continue to make our Nation great, and millions of us are grateful for his service. 
f 
PASS A VETERANS JOBS BILL 
(Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I rise on behalf of the many Illi-nois veterans that I represent and their families to draw attention to the high rate of veteran unemployment in America. After fighting for our Nation, far too many military heroes are being forced to fight for a job here at home. 
Despite many veterans having the 
leadership skills and work ethic that businesses are looking for, the unem-ployment rate for post-9/11 veterans is 6.9 percent, far higher than the na-tional average of 5.6 percent. 
I am committed to reducing veteran 
unemployment and helping our heroes find quality work. Last week, I re-leased an updated edition of my vet-erans resource guidebook to help our veterans get the benefits they have earned and employment resources to get them and their families back in the workforce, but we need to do more. 
I urge my colleagues to work with 
me to pass a veterans job bill to put the half million unemployed veterans back to work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.002 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H764 February 4, 2015 
BENEFICIARY TRAVEL FOR VET-
ERANS SEEKING TREATMENT OR CARE FOR MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA 
(Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
join my colleagues as we address one of the challenges within Veterans Af-fairs—our goal: ensuring our veterans are provided the best possible care to heal from the wounds associated with being a victim of military sexual trau-ma. 
As has been noted by the Veterans 
Affairs inspector general, obtaining travel authorization to the most appro-
priate clinics to address the specialized care required of military sexual trau-ma victims has been an obstacle. This bill, H.R. 642, will take care of that. 
The bottom line is that victims of 
military sexual assault trauma should be able to obtain the specific care nec-essary to address their individual needs and not be trapped by a bureaucracy that fails to give them access to treat-ment because it cannot reconcile how to pay for travel to get to and from a treatment facility. 
Please join me and my colleagues as 
we stand up for veterans who are vic-tims of military sexual trauma and en-able them to obtain the treatment that they need. 
f 
b1215 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S FISCAL 
YEAR 2016 BUDGET PROPOSAL 
(Mr. PALLONE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, Presi-
dent Obama’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 lays out a fiscally responsible plan to invest in our future and makes sure that hardworking Americans are able to benefit from an economy that is finally improving. I am particularly pleased that the President is com-mitted to making strategic invest-ments in our Nation’s research and de-velopment. 
The budget invests $146 billion for 
R&D across the Federal Government, which is a 6 percent increase. The budget provides for $7 billion in clean energy funding throughout the Federal Government and $2.4 billion to further advance manufacturing technologies. This funding improves our scientific knowledge, creates technologies with widespread benefits, and strengthens U.S.-global competitiveness. 
The budget also makes investments 
in public health, including $31 billion for the National Institutes of Health, which is a $1 billion increase over the 2015 level, and $1.2 billion across sev-eral agencies to combat antibiotic re-sistant bacteria, for advanced precision medicine, and for targeted therapies for patients. 
I mention all of these, Mr. Speaker, 
because I do believe—and every evi-dence shows—that research investment 
creates jobs, promotes innovation, and increases economic development. That means more jobs. I hope that the Re-publicans will support the President’s budget. 
f 
HAROLD EATMAN 
(Mr. PITTENGER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Harold Eatman of Mat-thews, North Carolina, who is a 99- year-young brave patriot who volun-teered for the 82nd Airborne at the start of World War II because he want-ed a tough assignment. 
Mr. Eatman is one of the few para-
troopers to make all four World War II jumps—into Sicily, Italy, Holland, and Normandy. For his bravery in helping to liberate France from Nazi brutality, 
the French Government on Tuesday awarded Mr. Eatman the prestigious Legion of Honor medal, an award cre-ated by Napoleon. 
Mr. Eatman’s dedication extends be-
yond the battlefield. Following his dis-charge after World War II, he volun-teered for another year’s Active Duty to help escort the bodies of fallen sol-diers as they were returned home. 
Please join me in thanking Harold 
Eatman for his bravery and sacrifice in fighting for freedom—an exemplary ex-ample of the Greatest Generation. 
f 
MS. WALTER BARBOUR, A TRUE 
TRAILBLAZER 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of a true trail-blazer, Ms. Walter Barbour—the first Black woman to serve on the Fort Worth City Council. 
Just like many of the constituents I 
serve, Ms. Barbour was a product of the segregated I.M. Terrell High School in Fort Worth. Ms. Barbour graduated from I.M. Terrell in 1937 and went on to earn her bachelor’s degree from Prairie View A&M University and her master’s degree from Atlanta University in Georgia. 
Ms. Barbour served on the Fort 
Worth City Council from 1977 to 1979. During her tenure on the council, she advocated for a health clinic that now sits in the Stop Six community, which is where she lived; for summer food programs for low-income children; for recreational facilities for the commu-nity; and she cleared the way for the first fire station in the Stop Six- Eastwood area on Ramey Avenue and Edgewood Terrace. 
Ms. Barbour is survived by her 
daughter, Hollie; her son, Robert Barbour, Jr.; as well as two grand-children. 
I ask my colleagues to join me today 
in honoring a true legend, Ms. Walter Barbour, who broke so many barriers 
at a time when women and African Americans faced so many obstacles, but she still worked hard to live the American Dream. 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S FISCAL 
YEAR 2016 BUDGET PROPOSAL 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, while I am very proud to represent Punxsutawney, Pennsyl-vania, we woke up on Groundhog Day to a budget proposal that feels like the infinite loop—loaded with the same tax-and-spend policies that have not worked for the President or for the American people. 
The President’s budget proposal is a 
hard left U-turn that attempts to undo the three consecutive years of more re-sponsible, less discretionary spending. While Congress only has the power of the purse, this budget altogether ig-nores our staggering national debt, which is more than $18.1 trillion. 
Despite $2.1 trillion in proposed tax 
increases, President Obama’s budget never balances—ever. Since 2009, $7.5 trillion has been added to the national debt, and expenditures amount to more than $21.1 trillion. The President’s budget request recommends adding a staggering additional $8.5 trillion to the debt. 
Mr. Speaker, we need smart budg-
eting to fund our priorities without doing harm to families, small busi-nesses, and future generations. The American people deserve no less. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S BUDGET 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, this 
week, President Obama unveiled his fiscal year 2016 budget, which outlines his funding priorities for the year ahead. 
This proposal builds on the economic 
progress we have made by properly fo-cusing on middle class initiatives, and it supports initiatives that create jobs, educate young people, increase access to affordable child care, repair our crumbling roads and bridges, and keep communities safe—all to ensure that the American economy works for ev-eryone and that recovery reaches all Americans. 
The President’s proposal is a strong 
starting point for Congress to work to-gether to produce a smart and sensible budget that reflects the priorities of working Americans, that keeps our country safe and our economy growing. 
I urge my Republican colleagues to 
drop their misguided proposals that benefit special interests, that repeal the Affordable Care Act, and that re-strict women’s health care decisions, and to focus instead on a bipartisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.008 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H765 February 4, 2015 
budget agreement that ensures all 
Americans share in our country’s grow-ing recovery and that makes the right investments for our future. 
f 
TAXPAYERS RIGHT-TO-KNOW ACT 
(Mr. WALBERG asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today because I believe the American people deserve to know how their hard- earned tax dollars are spent. That is why I introduced the Taxpayers Right- to-Know Act. 
Congress is known for its complex 
bills, but this one is pretty simple. It requires each Federal agency to pro-vide taxpayers an annual report card of what they are doing with the money they have been given. With a govern-ment this large it is no secret we have waste and duplication. By better track-ing government spending, we can look back and identify the outdated pro-grams that should be eliminated or streamlined to save money. 
As the people’s representatives, we 
are here to be responsible stewards of their tax dollars, and this bipartisan bill is a good start to stopping wasteful spending. 
f 
CAMPAIGN FINANCE 
(Mr. CARNEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CARNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to pass legislation that limits the role of money in politics. Since the Citizens United decision in 2010, the role of fundraising and spending in political campaigns has gotten even more out of control than it was before. 
That is why I introduced a constitu-
tional amendment, H.J. Res. 24, which allows Congress and the States to rein in campaign contributions. It is also why I cosponsored the DISCLOSE Act, the Government By the People Act, and the democracy for all amend-ment—all designed to limit the influ-ence of money in our political system. 
The American people need to know 
that their elected officials are here to serve them and not big campaign con-tributors. The overwhelming amount of money spent on campaigns weakens people’s faith in our political system. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge House leadership 
to take up legislation to address this issue. We need to change our laws to get money out of politics and to keep our focus where it belongs—doing the right thing for the American people. 
f 
SUPPORTING OUR ALLIES 
(Mr. PITTS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, with the 
rise of ISIS—or ISIL—in Syria and Iraq, we have seen the brutality of Is-
lamic extremism to an extent pre-viously unimaginable. 
In just the last week, ISIL beheaded 
two Japanese citizens and revealed that a Jordanian pilot had been burned alive in a cage. This is why it is more critical than ever that we support our moderate allies in the region and praise their efforts to protect religious minorities. 
In Egypt, President el-Sisi recently 
became the first modern leader in the country’s history to visit a Coptic Christian church on Christmas Eve. The cathedral he visited had been at-tacked just 2 years earlier by Islamic extremists. By contrast, in regions controlled by ISIL, groups that have lived in the same community for more than 1,000 years have been killed or have fled for their lives. 
We must never forget that the mis-
sion of the extremists is not regional but global dominance, and it is aimed at all who refuse to submit to their harsh interpretation of their religion. We must stand together with leaders like the King of Jordan and the Presi-dent of Egypt, who speak up and act to defeat Islamic extremism, and give them our strong support. 
f 
VACCINATIONS 
(Mr. FOSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, once 
again, our country is seeing the dan-gerous effects of failing to listen to science. 
In 2000, the United States had effec-
tively eliminated endemic measles—an effort 40 years in the making—but all of that progress is quickly coming un-done, not by an act of nature but by willful ignorance. 
Last year, there were 644 cases of 
measles in the United States—the highest number in 20 years. Already this year, there have been 102 cases in 14 States, including in my home State of Illinois. 
This is a dangerous game and one 
that some elected officials are encour-aging. As leaders, it is our duty to in-form the public of the truth. For those of us with scientific and medical back-grounds, this duty falls even more seri-ously. 
When you fail to vaccinate, it is not 
just yourself and your children that you are putting in danger; it is every-one you come into contact with. And when politicians give voice to misin-formation and paranoia, they are put-ting us all at risk. 
Measles may not spread as fast as er-
roneous sound bites and tweets, but they both have the potential to cause a great amount of damage. 
I know that many of my colleagues 
have reminded us that they are not sci-entists as they use this as an excuse for their advocacy of bad public policy, but it does not take a scientist to realize that opposing vaccines is wrong. Absent a valid medical reason for ex-
clusion, vaccines are critical for every man, woman, and child in our coun-try—period. 
f 
NATIONAL CANCER PREVENTION 
DAY 
(Mr. BENISHEK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to highlight the important health care issues surrounding the Na-tional Cancer Prevention Day. 
This day is an opportunity for health 
care providers, policymakers, and other community leaders to educate people on the healthy activities and be-haviors that can prevent this disease. While we learn more and more every year about how to best treat cancer, more must be done to focus on pre-venting cases from ever occurring. Today is a reminder to patients to make it their business to learn of ac-tivities and behaviors to decrease the incidence of this disease. 
As a doctor who treated patients in 
northern Michigan for over 30 years, I am far too familiar with the dev-astating impact that cancer has on countless lives every day. I hope that all of my colleagues in the House and the Senate will join me in the 114th Congress to remember the victims of cancer, to honor its survivors, and to do everything in our power to prevent future cases of this disease. 
f 
PROVIDING TRAVEL BENEFITS 
FOR VICTIMS OF MILITARY SEX-UAL TRAUMA 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
am proud to again partner with my col-league J
ACKIE WALORSKI from Indiana 
to reintroduce legislation to extend veterans’ travel benefits to veterans who are traveling to seek treatment for injuries resulting from sexual trau-ma in the military. 
It is an honor to serve with Mrs. 
W
ALORSKI on the Veterans’ Affairs 
Committee—one of the most bipartisan committees in the House—and it is a privilege to work with all of our col-leagues, Republicans and Democrats, in service to our Nation’s veterans. We must ensure that victims can access the high-quality care that every vet-eran is guaranteed when he or she joins the military. 
The occurrence of sexual trauma in 
the military is outrageous enough, but it is something our brave servicemen and -women should never be forced to experience. What is even worse is that many survivors of military sexual trauma have trouble accessing the physical and mental health services they need when they return home be-cause the VA does not provide travel benefits to all victims of MST. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:16 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.010 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H766 February 4, 2015 
This legislation is a great first step 
in further protecting the thousands of servicemen and -women who are sur-vivors of military sexual violence. I urge its swift passage. 
f 
b1230 
HONORING ANDY CREWS 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a constituent and friend who was recently named the 2015 Time Magazine Dealer of the Year. Andy Crews, president and CEO of AutoFair, is one of the Nation’s most successful auto dealers, with seven stores and 600 employees in the Granite State and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 
Not only is Andy a natural business 
leader, he is also an outstanding public servant. He has served in the United States Marine Corps and constantly gives back to the future leaders of our communities. 
In addition to donating proceeds of 
auto sales to help feed the needy around Thanksgivingtime, Andy has spearheaded a program to motivate high school seniors in Manchester, New Hampshire, to excel in their classes for a chance to win a car. 
Andy also works closely with the 
New Hampshire community technical colleges to ensure students are receiv-ing the best education and training to become the next generation of trained auto technicians. 
It is people like Andy Crews who 
make me beyond proud to call myself a Granite Stater. His commitment and passion to the auto industry and our communities are beyond deserving of the 2015 Time Magazine Dealer of the Year award, and I wish him continued success. 
f 
WE MUST NOT NEGLECT BOKO 
HARAM 
(Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
last April I was horrified when hun-dreds of girls were kidnapped by Boko Haram in Nigeria because they at-tended school. 
To this day, Boko Haram continues 
their reign of terror. In early January, thousands of Nigerians were slaugh-tered by these terrorists; and these at-tacks continue, with thousands and thousands of civilians killed since then as well. 
With all of the attention focused on 
ISIS and al Qaeda, do not continue to neglect this issue. Mr. Speaker, we can not and must not forget about the un-speakable horrors being perpetuated by Boko Haram. 
Mr. Speaker, Black lives matter. 
That is why I am supporting the Jubi-lee Campaign’s Education After Escape initiative, which provides scholarships 
to the young girls that escaped Boko Haram. 
I am working to support these brave 
young girls who, despite the horrors they witnessed, maintain dreams of success. They still want and deserve an education. 
Mr. Speaker, we have to support the 
victims of Boko Haram just like we support the victims of other terrorist groups. 
Mr. Speaker, we have to continue to 
tweet so that the world will know and understand that we are supporting those victims. Tweet #BringBackOurGirls and #JoinRepWilson. Tweet, tweet, tweet. 
f 
HONORING CAROL MANNING 
(Mr. M CCLINTOCK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on 
March 28, the Orange County Alz-heimer’s Association will honor four individuals for their extraordinary con-tributions to advancing research and providing care for this debilitating dis-ease. One of them is Carol Manning, and I would like to add my voice to the chorus of praise for her philanthropic work. 
I first met Carol 35 years ago. She 
and Everett were struggling to raise a 
family and make ends meet, and yet she still made time to volunteer for many civic endeavors. Today, Carol is president and CEO of TMS, Inc., Print Systems, a $30 million enterprise. And, yes, she and Everett did build that business from scratch with a lot of long hours and hard work and personal sac-rifice. 
Carol still puts in those long hours, 
and yet she still makes time for so many worthy causes, Alzheimer’s re-search being just one. On behalf of all of the people whose lives she has made better, I am honored to say thank you, Carol Manning. 
f 
MILLIONS OF AMERICANS WAIT 
PATIENTLY FOR IMMIGRATION REFORM 
(Mr. SCHRADER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, the 
House of Representatives has had 4 years to bring an immigration bill— any immigration bill—to a vote and yet has failed to do so. 
Oregon businesses, labor, farmers, 
farmworkers, faith-based groups, and human rights advocates have all pa-tiently waited for comprehensive im-migration reform. So have millions of Americans and people all across this Nation as they wait for their legal sta-tus to catch up with the realities of their lives as good and productive members of our society. Without com-prehensive reforms, Oregon businesses are in peril and Oregon families live in constant fear. Many of us in the House have offered 
a bipartisan bill similar to the Senate’s with better border enforcement provi-sions, but hard-line, rightwing extreme provisions have hamstrung any action on these bills. 
As a result of the intolerable con-
gressional inaction, the President has issued executive orders to protect folks who have immigrated to this country and been productive members of soci-ety and the economy. This executive action merely prioritizes deportations for individuals who harm or pose a threat to our society. 
My hope had been that this action 
would spur comprehensive immigration reform. Instead, House Republicans now play games with the Department of Homeland Security’s appropriations and put us all at risk. 
It is time to act. 
f 
NOW IS THE TIME FOR 
IMMIGRATION REFORM 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, now is the 
time for immigration reform. Our Na-tion is already beginning to see some of the great economic benefits of the DACA and DAPA programs, which I vow to do my best to protect here as we go through the Department of Homeland Security appropriations process. 
The true benefits of immigration re-
form—which, according to the Congres-sional Budget Office, are over $200 bil-lion in deficit reduction, finally secur-ing and establishing security on our border, implementing mandatory workplace enforcement to prevent peo-ple who are here illegally from under-mining the job market for Americans, and creating over 150,000 jobs for Amer-ican citizens—can only be recognized if this body takes action and passes im-migration reform. 
We had a bill last session that would 
have passed the floor of the House, and it already passed the Senate. We begin anew. Rather than living in this Groundhog Day of repetitious repeals of ObamaCare, let’s move forward on something that creates economic growth, jobs for Americans, and re-duces our deficit. It is called immigra-tion reform. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 527, SMALL BUSINESS REGULATORY FLEXIBILITY IM-PROVEMENTS ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 50, UNFUNDED MAN-DATES INFORMATION AND TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2015 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, by direction 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 78 and ask for its im-mediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.011 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H767 February 4, 2015 
H. R ES. 78 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 527) to amend chapter 6 of title 5, United States Code (com-monly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act), to ensure complete analysis of poten-tial impacts on small entities of rules, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour, with 40 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary and 20 min-utes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Small Business. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-3. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 50) to provide for addi-tional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and amend-ments specified in this section and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-4, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution, shall be con-sidered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. The bill, as amend-
ed, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. No fur-ther amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules. Each such further amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such fur-ther amendments are waived. At the conclu-sion of consideration of the bill for amend-ment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and any further amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina is rec-ognized for 1 hour. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, House Reso-
lution 78 provides for a structured rule providing for consideration of H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act, and H.R. 527, the Small Business Regulatory Flexi-bility Improvements Act. 
Mr. Speaker, every year bureaucrats 
in Washington impose thousands of regulatory mandates on local govern-ments and small businesses. Those mandates can be costly, stretching city and State budgets and making it hard-er for American businesses to hire. 
The Unfunded Mandates Information 
and Transparency Act, H.R. 50, will en-sure that the people who write these regulations in Washington know ex-actly what they are asking the Amer-ican people to pay and whether the cost of compliance might make it hard-er for family businesses to meet pay-roll and stay afloat. 
H.R. 50 will force Washington to 
think carefully about regulatory costs before it passes them on to Americans. This bill is about transparency and ac-countability and is something Demo-crats and Republicans can all support. 
In 1995, Congress passed the bipar-
tisan Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, UMRA, legislation designed to prevent 
the Federal Government from imposing unfunded mandates onto State and local governments or private busi-nesses without policymakers or the public knowing the cost of such poli-cies. 
UMRA’s main objective was to force 
the Federal Government to estimate how much unfunded mandates would cost local governments and businesses and rein in out-of-control mandates. UMRA ensured public awareness of the crushing financial burden of Federal mandates on employers and State and local governments. However, UMRA has not been amended since 1995, and some subtle changes are needed to pre-serve and improve on the Act’s initial purposes. 
b1245 
UMRA was a good bill, but over time, 
some shortcomings became apparent such that the Clinton and, later, Obama administrations issued execu-tive orders to fix the loopholes within it. 
H.R. 50 has bipartisan DNA, Mr. 
Speaker. It codifies those administra-tive fixes championed by Presidents Clinton and Obama and promotes good government, accountability, and trans-parency. 
As a testament to this fact, the bill 
is cosponsored by two of my Demo-cratic colleagues here in the House, Representatives C
OLLIN PETERSON and 
LORETTA SANCHEZ . I owe them a debt of 
gratitude for their efforts in promoting this commonsense bill. 
The text of H.R. 50 has passed the 
House on a bipartisan basis three times in the 112th and 113th Congresses. The bill most recently was favorably re-ported by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. 
A common refrain in this business is 
that ‘‘nobody wants to see how the sau-sage is made,’’ meaning that the proc-ess of drafting and passing legislation is so ugly that it would repulse people. In this case, I disagree. 
I am extremely proud of this bill, and 
I am proud of the process by which it has been advanced in the House. I have had the pleasure of working with col-leagues from both sides of the aisle on this measure, and I appreciate their support and counsel. 
The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act 
of 1995 was a model for bipartisanship, and my hope is that this bill leaves a similar legacy. I urge all of my col-leagues on both sides of this aisle to support the rule and the underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentlewoman, Dr. F
OXX, for yielding 
me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I also express through you my wishes 
for her recovery, and I also appreciate her patriotism in doing her duty to God and country here today despite her respiratory duress. I hope that goes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.003 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H768 February 4, 2015 
noted, that she is doing a great job rep-
resenting her party on this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
the rule and the underlying bills, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act and the Small Busi-ness Regulatory Flexibility Improve-ments Act. 
The titles of these bills, while 
lengthy, seem to suggest that somehow these efforts are designed to increase transparency or help small business. Their actual impact is quite frankly the opposite. 
By allowing rules to be written be-
hind closed doors by big businesses and effectively preventing Federal agencies from promoting the national interests as they are supposed to and adding ad-ditional bureaucratic red tape and pa-perwork, these bills represent an as-sault on the health and safety of our Nation’s families and threaten to drown our government in mountains and mountains of unnecessary paper-work. 
I think that the release of the Presi-
dent’s budget this week shows a con-trast between the priorities of both parties’ agendas. The President’s budg-et focused on Main Street, offering new ideas for how we can meet the infra-structure needs of our country and re-form our corporate tax system to make American businesses more competitive. 
Unfortunately, what we continue to 
see here in this body from the Repub-licans is a ‘‘Groundhog Day’’ scenario where every day, every week—it is like the movie—we are talking about the same thing over and over again. 
We have acted on repealing the Af-
fordable Care Act 56 times in this body. Here, we are back with another set of bills that echo other bills again and again and again. 
Now, I understand why many people 
want to do this once and go through it. People ran on repealing ObamaCare, and people ran on passing these bills. Once they are done, we will see what the other body does. 
But to keep coming back, rather 
than dealing with the critical national priorities, I think simply shows a de-tachment from reality. That is one of the reasons the public holds this body in such low regard. 
The bill that we considered 2 weeks 
ago added 65 new analytical require-ments to the process of rulemaking— more red tape, more hurdles. I think what we are seeing here today is maybe that is not enough red tape. We are now looking at bills that allow big business to weigh in before the public, creating even more hurdles before reg-ulations become public and are imple-mented. 
H.R. 50 would effectively require 
agencies to consult with the private sector before the public is even made aware of the bill, let alone engaged in the rulemaking. This blocks trans-parency and handicaps public input. 
I agree we want to make sure that 
business has the opportunity to weigh in, but we want to make sure that every stakeholder in a rulemaking 
process has the opportunity to weigh in equally. 
In my State of Colorado, I would be 
concerned about the erosion of our pro-tection of our great natural areas like Rocky Mountain National Park which is a protected site. We celebrated its 100th anniversary as a national park just last week. 
In those 100 years, the Rocky Moun-
tains have been thriving. If you visit the park today, you can find streams, elk, bighorn sheep, and fields of wildflowers; but if we hadn’t des-ignated the park a national treasure and created a comprehensive manage-ment plan for its protection, we might very well have lost not only something that relates to our national pride and is beautiful but, frankly, is the eco-nomic driver in Estes Park and Grand County for much of the economic ac-tivity in and around the National Park. 
H.R. 50 would threaten the ability of 
the National Park Service to create the kind of management plan that the economy has thrived under in my home State of Colorado and in my district. It would essentially create a veto power for legislators and interests that don’t believe in the protection of public lands or are willing to threaten the health of our families for enhancement of their bottom line. There is always going to be somebody that objects. 
Again, we have a thriving tourism 
economy relating to Rocky Mountain National Park, but I am sure there is some company somewhere that would have some interest that is counter-vailing to the interests of job creation in our community, and that is why we need to have a transparent and acces-sible process of listening to stake-holders in as expeditious a way as pos-sible. 
We need a system that allows the 
Fort Collins native who hikes through the Rockies every weekend or the New Yorker who visits the snowcapped mountains every spring the ability to participate in protecting those natural resources and the protection of our public health. 
We need to listen to the small busi-
nesses, the hospitality sector, and the restaurants and lodges that serve our tourism communities, but by allowing an unfair advantage to out-of-State corporate interests, we threaten the very principle that makes us Amer-ican, the ability to participate in our decisions of government at the level closest to where we are affected. 
H.R. 50 is a dangerous precedent for 
policy. It allows additional red tape to be thrown at government agencies, rep-resenting unnecessary delays and costs that prevent us from creating jobs and growing our economy. 
We need to move forward with a mid-
dle class agenda for our country rather than continuing to live in this Ground-hog Day scenario of repetitious bills that don’t discuss how to grow our economy or grow the middle class. Yesterday, this body attempted to re-
peal the Affordable Care Act for the 56th time. Today, the Republicans are making two attempts at what I con-sider to be a very similar thing, dam-age the regulatory process at all costs, which we already did and we are doing again. 
They want to see additional red tape 
and bureaucracy added—whether it is clean air, whether it is clean water, whether it is consumers, whether it is protecting our children—regardless of the particular area with which we oper-ate. 
Instead of having a cumulative look 
at regulations, we should have a look at cumulative impacts of all the legis-lation that has been brought before this body and how that impacts small businesses and regulations. 
Earlier this year, the House passed 
the Regulatory Accountability Act. That bill alone added 65 new check-points to the regulatory process. This bill would prevent transparency and allow big business to weigh in on regu-lations—before small businesses, before consumers, before other stakeholders— and add an additional tier and red tape to the regulatory process. 
We need to move forward with im-
proving our regulatory structure. I don’t think there is any disagreement about that. Some of that can be done through executive action and some in a collaborative, bipartisan way to streamline the regulatory process to reduce hurdles for small businesses while meeting the goals of protecting the American public. Unfortunately, these bills do neither of those. 
I encourage my colleagues to oppose 
the rule and the underlying bills. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
Colorado for his kind comments about me and my health. I appreciate all con-dolences. 
Mr. Speaker, this resolution also pro-
vides for consideration of H.R. 527, the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015, which is im-portant legislation to improve the Fed-eral Government’s treatment of small businesses. 
Ensuring we are providing the best 
environment possible to small busi-nesses is vital to support a sector which employs nearly half of America’s private sector workers and generates 63 percent of new private sector jobs. 
As a former owner of a nursery, I 
know well the joys and trials of run-ning a small business, and I am pleased that the House is considering these vital provisions. 
Small businesses do not have the 
staff or background to identify and comply with ever-growing piles of red tape. Federal regulations dispropor-tionately impact small businesses which led Congress to enact the Regu-latory Flexibility Act. 
The Regulatory Flexibility Act re-
quires agencies to account better for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.015 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H769 February 4, 2015 
the impacts of proposed regulations on 
small businesses and other small enti-ties and to tailor regulations to mini-mize adverse impacts on these entities. 
Unsurprisingly, agencies have failed 
to comply with these requirements in full. They have taken advantage of loopholes, failed to acknowledge the entirety of impacts for proposed rules, and issued rules that continue to harm small businesses. That failure neces-sitates our actions this week to con-sider H.R. 527, the Small Business Reg-ulatory Flexibility Improvements Act. 
This legislation requires Federal 
agencies to consider the potential ‘‘economic impact’’ of proposed rules on small businesses and nonprofits. It also mandates a 10-year plan to review all rules determined to have ‘‘a signifi-cant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.’’ 
That will ensure past regulations will 
not remain on the books unexamined and able to burden small businesses for decades. 
The legislation also expands ‘‘regu-
latory flexibility analysis’’ require-ments which are currently used to ex-plain the reasoning behind a proposed rule, identify duplicative rules, and ex-plain any recordkeeping or other re-quirements that may be imposed on small businesses or other small enti-ties. 
It also requires the Small Business 
Administration’s chief counsel for ad-vocacy to develop interagency rules for conducting flexibility analyses. 
These changes will ensure that future 
regulations are tailored to minimize their impact on small businesses. This will allow small businesses to spend more of their investments and time hiring new employees and growing their businesses rather than complying with unnecessary burdens from Federal regulations. 
H.R. 527 is a simple, commonsense 
mandate for the executive branch to work together with small businesses and design smarter, less burdensome rules that work for the American peo-ple, and I commend it to my colleagues for their support. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat 
the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to allow for consideration of legislation that would help veterans make it in America by establishing a pilot program to encour-age the hiring of veterans in manufac-turing jobs. 
To discuss our thoughtful proposal, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE), a 
leader on veterans issues. 
Ms. D ELBENE. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that we can consider my proposal to boost education and job training for our veterans. 
Everyone in this Chamber can agree 
that we have an obligation to care for those who risk their lives and make 
sacrifices for our freedoms. 
Unfortunately, there are too many 
veterans struggling to find work today, and we are not doing enough to help. Last year, the unemployment rate for post-9/11 veterans stood at more than 7 percent, substantially higher than the national rate; and across all age groups, there were more than 500,000 veterans out of work in 2014. 
This is unacceptable. Congress must 
do more to meet its commitment to these brave men and women. That is why I encourage my colleagues to join me and more than 40 of my colleagues in supporting the Manufacturing Jobs for Veterans Act. 
My bill will establish State-based 
manufacturing employment programs to provide skills training in manufac-turing jobs for veterans and service-members who are reentering the work-force. 
These pilot programs would support 
on-the-job training opportunities, ap-prenticeships, and certification classes for unemployed veterans; and it will encourage manufacturers to recruit, hire, and train our Nation’s heroes. 
With as many as 600,000 unfilled man-
ufacturing jobs, we have an oppor-tunity to connect employers with a pipeline of skilled, capable workers. 
b1300 
Instead of voting on yet another par-
tisan bill, we should be focused on real solutions that help the American peo-ple, grow our economy, and strengthen the middle class. I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so we can take up this important bill and put our veterans back to work. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I appreciate that, and I thank my good friend from North Carolina, who, as has already been stated on the floor, is powering through today, standing strong for the values that I think real-ly would not be expressed any dif-ferently except to say, Mr. Speaker, that there is critical national interest here. 
There is probably today, on the floor, 
as we talk about these bills—and yes, it is sort of a Groundhog Day, and I will get to that in a moment, because it seems like every time we, from the Republican side of the aisle, want to talk about jobs and kitchen tables and making better improvements for life and getting rid of regulatory burdens that would help or putting controls on government, we are accused of wanting to spoil the environment, kill trees, make flowers not bloom, I mean, what-ever it may be, but the issue, that is Groundhog Day. 
So if people want a true Groundhog 
Day analogy, here is the Groundhog Day analogy. The analogy is, when we want to put constraints on government from interfering and getting in the way of its proper role of helping business and helping our country do what it is 
supposed to do, or we are wanting to control, through government, this process and do so in a way that is det-rimental to those moms and dads who get up every day and families and sin-gle moms and grandparents and aunts and uncles, all these folks who just simply say, we are not really as overly concerned about what you are doing in Washington, D.C., as I am concerned about what you are doing in Home-town, USA, where I get up every morn-ing. 
It has been said many times, Mr. 
Speaker, already this afternoon, and the issue is, we are putting more bur-den and red tape on America. 
No. What this bill does—and these 
two bills that I speak in favor of in this rule, these two bills that we are doing, H.R. 50 and H.R. 527—is actually con-trolling government. Instead of letting it get in the way and put unnecessary or quicker burdens on those again, we are simply saying, Whoa. There is a proper place. There is a proper place for regulation. There is a proper place for a limited government role that our Founders made. 
However, when that role steps over 
and begins to not only burden business but instead the man or woman who wants to get up in the morning and chase a dream of starting a new busi-ness, as I once did, when we started a scrapbook store, you know, just to get a little bit of money, we were able to do so. 
But others who want to go get a loan, 
they have to go through the bureau-cratic red tape that is now keeping them from starting the small business jobs that employ people on a day-to- day level. We are simply saying, Gov-ernment, it is time to take a breath. It is time to step back and see the impact that you are having. 
Granted, some regulation is good. I 
will give that to my Democratic col-leagues. But overregulation and bur-densome regulation tears down our economy. 
So if that is the Groundhog Day ar-
gument for this week we want to have, I will have it every day of the week. The Members and people who watch this floor can see you have a party that wants to restrict business and jobs and government in such a way that it throttles the economy or a party which is putting forth solutions and will put forward as many times as we have to to remind the American people that it is people and small business and jobs, the 
everyday Americans who create the jobs in this country, not government. 
A business owner that I just recently 
spoke to had 10 employees, and he said he was getting ready to hire another employee. I said, Well, great. That is great. 10 percent growth. One more em-ployee. 
He said, But you have got to under-
stand. I am having to hire somebody, and all they are going to be doing is filling out government paperwork. 
In other words, Mr. Speaker, this is 
not someone who can go out and sell 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.016 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H770 February 4, 2015 
their widget or perform their service. 
This is someone who will sit in an of-fice and simply make sure that they are complying with the Big Brother overreach of government. That is not job creation. That is burdensome on business. 
Let’s get them where they can create 
jobs and go out and sell their product, do their services. 
We have a bank in my area. You are 
talking about unfunded mandates, reg-ulatory rulemaking. A bank in my area, on their regular regulatory in-spection, they were waiting for the bank examiners to come, the folks to come in and do their audit. 
The problem they had was this: when 
the government showed up, they had more people coming to inspect their books than they had employed in their main office. And the government agen-cy complained that they did not have enough room for them to do their job. 
I am sorry, Mr. Speaker. It is not up 
to small business to make sure govern-ment can do its job. It is up to govern-ment to provide the atmosphere so small business can do its job, and that is what we are here about today. 
So when we look at this, I urge my 
colleagues, don’t get sidetracked on other issues. Look at it for what it is. It is government getting the con-straint, not the American people. It is protecting the American people from not good legislation, good litigation. It is the stuff that we need to work on. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I state these are 
good bills. Let’s state it clearly. Groundhog Day is exactly what it is: for government, or let’s let the people live. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to our colleague from Ten-nessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ). 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, I certainly thank the gentle-woman from North Carolina for yield-ing this time and for her good work on this legislation. 
I came to the floor today just to tell 
you a little bit about why I think this legislation is so very important. 
When I first came to Congress many 
years ago, we had a Democratic Gov-ernor of Tennessee, Ned Ray McWherter, and he was a fine Gov-ernor. He would have the Tennessee congressional delegation to the Gov-ernor’s mansion once a year. And he would always start those meetings off—every single year he would say: Please, no more unfunded mandates. Please, no more unfunded mandates. 
He said that most of what the State 
was having to do now were things that were required by the Federal Govern-ment, and it was causing the States great financial difficulties, and it was turning what was supposed to be a Fed-eral system that our Founding Fathers envisioned, it was turning it totally upside down. 
This bill is a very reasonable, mod-
erate, commonsense effort to make good on the original Unfunded Man-
dates Reform Act of 1995. All it is try-ing to do is ensure that Congress and Federal agencies are fully informed about the impact of these Federal man-dates. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
very fine effort to make our system better. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
When you hear the gentleman from 
Georgia or the gentlewoman from North Carolina talk about the intent behind these bills, they sound great. We all want a streamlined regulatory process and to help make it more effi-cient. 
Unfortunately, when you look at 
what these bills do, they do the oppo-site. They add another tier to regula-tion, with Big Business having a new say in and above what small businesses and community members can do. They add red tape and legal requirements to regulation that don’t exist now under statute. 
It, again, seems to me like the oppo-
site of trying to get input so our regu-lations best affect the needs of each community, and we have diverse needs across this country. 
My district is 62 percent Federal 
land, so when decisions are made on Federal land, like a travel manage-ment plan, and on where people can bike and where they can hunt and fish, we want to have our say. The last thing we want is some out-of-state corporate interest determining in some process before we even get our say on how these Federal lands are used. 
It is absolutely critical that we em-
power our communities, and this bill does the opposite in the name of adding more bureaucracy and red tape to the regulatory process, presumably, in an attempt to delay or make it less effec-tive than it is. 
Now, we value, as Americans, the 
work that the Clean Water Act does, the Clean Air Act, the EPA, our essen-tial protections around public health. They are very, very important. And I think our colleagues agree that they don’t want to take those on head on. 
But this bill would prevent some of 
those very agencies from doing the work that we have charged them to do, keeping our air clean, our water clean, and they need to be able to do that work and involve local impact in mak-ing sure that they do it in a way that protects American health and helps grow our economy and create jobs. 
We need to make sure that we don’t 
have dumping of industrial waste in the Colorado River, poisoning millions of recreational users. We want to make sure that drilling sites don’t use chem-ical compounds that are toxic or cause birth defects. 
We can and we must do better. The 
march of science moves forward. If there are thoughtful improvements to the regulatory process that will help reduce costs and reduce red tape, rath-er than add red tape, we are happy to have those discussions. But, unfortu-
nately, these bills fall short of that mark. That is why I oppose the rule and the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
A
MODEI ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. My colleague, Ms. 
D
ELBENE, has offered a concept around 
a pilot program to encourage the hir-ing of veterans in manufacturing jobs, the type of middle class agenda that the American public wants this Con-gress to work on, rather than one that cuts them out of the very rulemaking that is designed to protect us Ameri-cans from our health hazards and pro-tect our public lands. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ 
defeat the previous question, vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule and the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Our colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle know that Republicans are not opposed to regulations. We just want regulations to be done right. 
These are modest reforms, supported 
by Republicans and Democrats alike. Some of these changes merely codify executive orders issued by the last two Democrat Presidents. 
Mr. Speaker, as proud as I am of this 
legislation, I realize its passage today won’t be front-page news. I understand that ‘‘Lawmakers Band Together to Close Technical Loopholes in UMRA’’ isn’t exactly a riveting headline. But what we are doing here is important. 
In Congress, we often focus our en-
ergy and attention on those issues that are most divisive and controversial, and I understand that. There are real, substantive disagreements between the two parties and among the American people. 
But Congress must do the hard 
things. Every now and then, we get an opportunity to do something easy. This should be easy. Reforms in this bill are low-hanging fruit. 
Some of my colleagues have sugges-
tions for improvement and have offered amendments to these bills. Great. I welcome their suggestions. 
Those amendments will be discussed 
in an open and transparent process. Not a single proposed amendment to ei-ther bill, Democrat or Republican, has been excluded by this rule. 
I hope, Mr. Speaker, that my col-
leagues will join me in supporting these sensible bills that will enhance transparency, accountability, and awareness of Federal mandates and im-prove the Federal Government’s treat-ment of small businesses. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
rule and the underlying bills. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:46 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.017 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H771 February 4, 2015 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 78 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLLS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 344) to provide for the establishment of a pilot program to encour-age the employment of veterans in manufac-turing positions. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consider-ation of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 344. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote on whether to order the previous 
question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Re-publican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alter-native plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous 
question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule ....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 174, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 59] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers 
Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—174 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster 
Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.008 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H772 February 4, 2015 
Rice (NY) 
Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Chu (CA) 
Curbelo (FL) Duckworth Frankel (FL) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman 
Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lofgren Lowey Nolan 
Nunnelee Rangel Roe (TN) Young (AK) 
b1339 
Mr. SCHIFF changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
roll call no. 59 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
Stated against: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on 
roll call no. 59 had I been present, I would have voted No. 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I 
was not present for roll call vote 59. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted: Nay on roll call vote 59. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably 
absent earlier today during roll call vote 59. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 59, the motion on ordering the previous question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 50 and H.R. 527. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 243, noes 179, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 60] 
AYES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw 
Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk 
Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis 
MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar 
Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum 
McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Benishek 
Chu (CA) Duckworth Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Lee Lofgren Nunnelee Poe (TX) 
Roe (TN) Young (AK) 
b1348 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll call 
no. 60 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall vote No. 59, ordering the pre-vious question, I inadvertently voted ‘‘yes.’’ I would like the R
ECORD to re-
flect that I would have voted, appro-priately and properly, ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
UNFUNDED MANDATES INFORMA-
TION AND TRANSPARENCY ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.R. 50. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
S
TEWART ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 78 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 50. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.005 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H773 February 4, 2015 
b1352 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 50) to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes, with Mr. A
MODEI in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Utah (Mr. 
C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from 
Maryland (Mr. C UMMINGS ) each will 
control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill was referred 
to three other committees other than the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. We have been in con-tact with all of them—Judiciary, Budg-et, and Rules—and they have agreed to discharge the bill from their commit-tees so that we can consider the bill on the floor today. I include for the R
ECORD those letters that reflect this 
understanding between Oversight and Government Reform and the three other committees. 
Mr. Chairman, Congress enacted the 
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act to ‘‘curb the practice of imposing un-funded Federal mandates on States and local governments.’’ 
Twenty years later, we continue to 
see burdensome unfunded mandates being imposed on State, local, and trib-al governments as well as small busi-nesses. Despite high hopes, UMRA, as it is often referred to, had little effect on agency rulemaking because of its limited coverage and its lack of ac-countability. 
In response, H.R. 50 proposes several 
key reforms to bring needed trans-parency to how government sets rules that protect our health, our safety, our welfare, as well as the environment. This legislation does this in several key ways. 
Mr. Chairman, H.R. 50 requires agen-
cies to consult with the private sector when directly impacted by a proposed rule. 
Consult with the private sector. That 
is a great theme. I love the title of this. 
It does actually provide more infor-
mation, more transparency, and en-gages those people that are affected by these rules. Requiring agency rule-makers to consult with small business owners will bring needed perspective and common sense to how our rules are made. Small businesses want the gov-ernment to fully understand how regu-lations impact their ability to create jobs and promote economic growth. Of course we need rules. Of course there are going to be boundaries. But con-sulting with the private sector is some-thing that has to happen, and govern-ment needs their perspective. The bill makes independent agencies 
subject to the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act, also known as UMRA. There are hundreds of Federal independent agencies charged with handling respon-sibilities, such as managing workplace safety and protecting our forests. It is important these entities are account-able to the public when establishing a new rule. H.R. 50 ensures that that will happen. 
H.R. 50 requires an UMRA analysis 
for all final rules. Under current law, an agency can forgo an UMRA analysis by avoiding a notice of proposed rule-making. GAO reports that 35 percent of major rules are issued without a notice of proposed rulemaking, making it dif-ficult for the public to comment. 
In fiscal year 2014, the administra-
tion estimated the annual cost of major regulations between $57 billion and $84 billion. We must have a better understanding of those costs before passing them on to State, local, and tribal governments as well as the pri-vate sector. 
The bill strengthens congressional 
oversight by requiring agencies to look back at specific regulations when re-quested by Congress. Before a rule is tested, it is difficult to understand its consequences, including its costs and its benefits. President Obama sup-ported retrospective reviews of regula-tions by issuing an executive order re-quiring agencies to periodically review significant regulations, in Executive Order 13563, in January 2011. These ret-rospective reviews result in regulations that are more effective and less bur-densome in achieving their objective. Retrospective analysis can and should inform future rules. 
H.R. 50 allows judicial review when 
agencies fail to fully consider the least costly or least burdensome alternative rule. The bill allows the judicial branch to place a stay on rules when the agency fails to complete the re-quired UMRA analysis. This provides an important check on the executive branch. 
H.R. 50 codifies the Congressional 
Budget Office practice of estimating the true cost of a Federal mandate. When a Federal mandate is proposed, CBO ensures its cost estimates include lost profits, costs passed on to con-sumers, and behavioral changes as the result of a Federal mandate. 
When enacted, UMRA created an im-
portant step to inform Congress of the potential burdens of regulatory man-dates on both government and the pri-vate sector. This way, Congress could weigh any potential benefits as well as any potential burdens. By updating this law, we can help ensure that all parties, from government entities to small businesses, understand the true cost of prospective mandates. 
I commend the gentlewoman from 
North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX). She has 
poured her heart and soul into this. She believes passionately in this. Her leadership on this bill has brought it to this point today. It has passed three times with bipartisan support in this 
House, but it is necessary to bring it up again and to share this bill with a new Senate that is now in place. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
H.R. 50. It is good. It is common sense. It is good for this Nation, and it enjoys bipartisan support. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, January 28, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, 
DC. 
D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : On January 27, 2015, 
the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform ordered reported without amendment H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015, by a vote of 20 to 13. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Govemment Reform, with an additional referral to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
I ask that you allow the Judiciary Com-
mittee to be discharged from further consid-eration of the bill so that it may be sched-uled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In ad-dition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on the Judiciary rep-resented on the conference committee. Fi-nally, I would be pleased to include this let-ter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memo-rialize our understanding. 
Thank you for your consideration of my 
request. 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, January 28, 2015. 
Hon. J ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-
ment Reform, Rayburn House Office Build-ing, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ , Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 50, the ‘‘Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015,’’ which your Committee ordered re-ported on January 27, 2015. 
As a result of your having consulted with 
the Committee and in order to expedite the House’s consideration of H.R. 50, I agree to discharge our Committee from further con-sideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consider-ation. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 50 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or simi-lar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also re-serves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you sup-port any such request. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.024 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H774 February 4, 2015 
I would request that you include a copy of 
our letters in the Congressional Record dur-ing the floor consideration of this bill. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, January 28, 2015. 
Hon. T OMPRICE, 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, Cannon 
House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On January 27, 2015, 
the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform ordered reported without amendment H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015, by a vote of 20 to 13. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with an additional referral to the Committee on the Budget. 
I ask that you allow the Budget Com-
mittee to be discharged from further consid-eration of the bill so that it may be sched-uled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In ad-dition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on the Budget rep-resented on the conference committee. Fi-nally, I would be pleased to include this let-ter and any response in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memo-rialize our understanding. 
Thank you for your consideration of my 
request. 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
Washington, DC, January 28, 2015. 
Hon. J ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-
ment Reform, Rayburn House Office Build-ing, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015, which was ordered reported by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on January 27, 2015. 
In order to expedite House consideration of 
H.R. 50, the Committee on the Budget will forgo action on the bill. This is being done with the understanding that it does not in any way prejudice the Committee with re-spect to the appointment of conferees or its jurisdictional prerogatives on this or similar legislation. 
I would ask that a copy of our exchange of 
letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation. We appreciate your cooperation and look forward to working with you as this bill moves through the Congress. 
Sincerely, 
T
HOMAS PRICE, M.D., 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, January 29, 2015. 
Hon. P ETER SESSIONS , 
Chairman, Committee on Rules, The Capitol, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On January 27, 2015, 
the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform ordered reported without 
amendment H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015, by a vote of 20 to 13. The bill was referred primarily to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with an additional referral to the Committee on Rules. 
I ask that you allow the Rules Committee 
to be discharged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Majority Leader. This discharge in no way affects your jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and it will not serve as precedent for future referrals. In addition, 
should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Rules represented on the con-ference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any re-sponse in the bill report filed by the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. 
Thank you for your consideration of my 
request. 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON RULES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, January 29, 2015. 
Hon. J ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-
ment Reform, Rayburn House Office Build-ing, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ : On January 27, 
2015, the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform ordered reported H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015. As you know, the Committee on Rules was granted an addi-tional referral upon the bill’s introduction pursuant to the Committee’s jurisdiction under rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives over rules and joint rules of the House. 
Because of your willingness to consult 
with my committee regarding this matter, I will waive consideration of the bill by the Rules Committee. By agreeing to waive its consideration of the bill, the Rules Com-mittee does not waive its jurisdiction over H.R. 50. In addition, the Committee on Rules reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provisions of the bill that are within its jurisdiction during any House-Senate con-ference that may be convened on this legisla-tion. I ask your commitment to support any request by the Committee on Rules for con-ferees on H.R. 50 or related legislation. 
I also request that you include this letter 
and your response as part of your commit-tee’s report on the bill and in the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the legislation on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
Sincerely, 
P
ETESESSIONS . 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to 
H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Infor-mation and Transparency Act. This legislation may be well intended, but it would have unintended consequences that would make the government less efficient and less effective. 
I stood here just 4 months ago when 
the House, for the second time, consid-ered a package of special interest bills, including this one. I said then that the Republican leadership in the House cannot fool the American people by passing the same bad bills over and 
over again, yet, Mr. Chairman, here we go again. 
Yesterday, the House voted to repeal 
the Affordable Care Act for the 56th time. Today, we are considering an antiregulatory bill the House has con-sidered three times before. Tomorrow, we will consider another antiregulatory bill the House has also passed before. 
H.R. 50, the bill we are considering 
today, would add red tape to the rule-making process in an effort to slow down or halt agency rules. 
b1600 
One thing that is different this time 
around is that the Congressional Budg-et Office estimated that H.R. 50 as re-ported would increase direct spending by $18 million over the next 10 years. CBO estimates that this increase would primarily impact the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau, a bureau that was established to protect our con-stituents. 
The majority inserted a last-minute 
provision last night after the Rules Committee meeting to address this problem. The majority’s fix, however, does nothing to reduce the cost of the bill. 
The majority instead inserted lan-
guage to cut the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s budget by $36 mil-lion in fiscal year 2016. Cutting CFPB’s budget by $36 million while also requir-ing the agency to comply with signifi-cant new requirements is absurd. 
On Saturday, The Huffington Post 
published an article titled, ‘‘Congress Revives Gingrich-Era Law to Thwart Obama.’’ The article said: 
Republicans in Congress aim to revamp an 
antiregulatory law from the Newt Gingrich era in an effort to paralyze new financial, en-vironmental, and labor rules with a never- ending string of court challenges. 
The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act 
was enacted as a part of Newt Ging-rich’s Contract with America. Even in the context of the extreme agenda of the Contract with America, Congress included several limitations in the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act. 
This bill would repeal those limita-
tions. For example, under this bill, agencies would be required to consult with regulated industries on proposed rules before they are even made public. 
For example, if the Consumer Finan-
cial Protection Bureau planned to pro-pose a new rule to protect consumers from abusive mortgage practices, banks would get advance access to the rule and the opportunity to shape it be-fore our constituents, the consumers. 
I believe that businesses should have 
the opportunity to provide comments on proposed rules, but they should do it through the normal public comment process just like other stakeholders. 
H.R. 50 would also expand judicial re-
view under the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act. The statute currently pro-hibits courts from using its require-ments to delay or invalidate a rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.033 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H775 February 4, 2015 
This bill eliminates that restriction 
which would allow regulated industries to use the law to slow down rulemakings. 
This bill also would put independent 
agencies in jeopardy of political inter-ference. The Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act currently exempts inde-pendent agencies from its reporting re-quirements. The bill removes that ex-emption. 
That would mean that the inde-
pendent regulatory agencies like the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau would have to submit their rules to the Office of Management and Budget for review which could under-mine their independence. 
Section 12 of the bill would require 
an agency to perform retrospective re-view, including an additional cost-ben-efit analysis of any existing rules if re-quested by the chairman or ranking member of a committee. It is inter-esting that we always talk about being able to predict what is going to go on in the business world. This certainly would add a high level of unpredict-ability. 
I will offer an amendment at the ap-
propriate time to strike that provision. These flaws are reason enough to op-pose this bill. 
The most important reason is that 
we rely on agency rulemakings to pro-tect our children, protect our workers, protect our economy, and protect our constituents, the folks who sent us here. 
That is why the Coalition for Sen-
sible Safeguards—a group of more than 150 good government, labor, scientific, faith, health, and community organiza-tions—sent a letter to the Oversight Committee opposing this bill. 
Here is what the letter said: ‘‘The 
costs of deregulation should be obvious by now: the Wall Street economic col-lapse, various food and product safety recalls, and numerous disasters, includ-ing the recent Dan River coal ash spill in North Carolina and the Freedom In-dustries chemical spill in West Vir-ginia, demonstrate the need for a regu-latory system that protects the public, not corporate interests.’’ 
Congress should be moving forward 
to protect the public from harm, not rolling back the clock and weakening important safeguards. 
Yesterday, the White House issued a 
statement opposing this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time, I am pleased to yield 5 min-utes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina, Dr. F
OXX, the prime sponsor 
of this bill. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the chairman for yielding time and for the leadership he has provided in get-ting this bill passed out of the Over-sight and Government Reform Com-mittee. 
Mr. Chairman, we are going to prob-
ably have to say this many times today, but our colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle want to make this an antiregulation bill. We are not opposed to regulations on our side of the aisle. We are in favor of commonsense rules. 
Mr. Chairman, each year, Wash-
ington imposes thousands of pages of rules and regulations on America’s pri-vate sector employers, as well as State and local governments. Buried in those pages are costly Federal mandates that make it harder for businesses to hire and cash-strapped States, counties, and cities to serve their citizens. 
As a former State senator, I can tes-
tify to the difficulty of balancing the State’s budget when there are dozens of complicated, mostly unfunded Federal mandates that must be taken into ac-count. 
As a former small business owner, I 
understand firsthand the concerns that job creators have about how lengthy, confusing rules affect their ability to conduct business and provide jobs and opportunities to their employees. 
That is why I introduced H.R. 50, the 
Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act, which we call UMITA, and am proud to see it brought before the House for consideration. 
The bill builds upon the bipartisan 
1995 Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, also known as UMRA, and will ensure awareness and public disclosure of the cost in dollars and jobs that Federal dictates pose to the economy and local governments. 
H.R. 50 does not seek to prevent the 
Federal Government from regulating; rather, it seeks to ensure that its regu-lations are deliberative and economi-cally defensible. Asking regulators to consider thoroughly and understand the cost of a rule in addition to its ben-efits should not be controversial. It is just plain common sense. 
Regulators and legislators should 
know exactly what they are asking the American people to pay and whether the costs of compliance might make it harder for family businesses to meet payroll and stay afloat. No government body, on purpose or accidentally, should skirt public scrutiny when jobs and scarce resources are at stake. 
In the nearly 20 years since UMRA’s 
passage, weaknesses in the law have been revealed, weaknesses that some government agencies and independent regulatory bodies have exploited. UMITA makes independent regulatory agencies subject to UMRA’s require-ments, ending a two-tier system that allowed regulations to be implemented without the required consideration, scrutiny, or public input. 
H.R. 50 recognizes that the Federal 
Government’s reach extends well be-yond the taxes it collects and the money it spends. Regulations can ad-vance government initiatives without using tax dollars. 
Rather than count expenses for new 
programs, the government can require the private sector, as well as State and local governments, to pay for Federal initiatives through compliance costs. This bill shines much-needed light on 
the murky regulatory process and en-sures the public has transparent access to proposed rules and regulations. 
Both Democrats and Republicans rec-
ognize that appropriate regulations don’t need to be issued in the dead of night or negotiated behind closed doors. That is why the House has con-sidered and passed this bill three times in the 112th and 113th Congresses. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on this commonsense, bipartisan bill. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), the chairman 
of the Subcommittee on Government Operations. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the distinguished gentleman from Maryland. 
I rise today in opposition to H.R. 50, 
the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act. 
This act boasts an Orwellian title 
that attempts, I think, deception of the public into believing that it is simply an innocuous attempt to enhance transparency for the public and State and local governments while masking the true nature of this act which— make no mistake—is a subversive leg-islative assault of public health, safety, and environmental protections. 
This bill is simply an effort to throw 
a wrench into the rulemaking process, ensuring that private industry is pro-vided privileges and rights above any other stakeholder in the process. 
In many respects, H.R. 50 represents 
the ‘‘Mitt Romney principle’’ on steroids, for it appears that in the minds of some of my colleagues, not only is it a fact that ‘‘corporations are people, my friend,’’ but under this measure, they appear to be embracing an ethos that treats corporations even better than people. 
My longstanding principle is that I 
will never defend the indefensible, and regrettably, this bill provides private corporations with an unfair consulta-tion over every other stakeholder in the regulatory process, and that is in-defensible. 
Under this bill, Federal agencies 
would be required to consult with pri-vate industry ‘‘before issuance of a no-tice of proposed rulemaking,’’ yet it does not afford that same level of pro-tection or consultation to average citi-zens, consumers, or anybody else who relies on agency rules to preserve and protect their health, welfare, and safe-ty. 
There is no justification for enacting 
an irrational statutory framework that requires the Federal Government to consult with private firms and nobody 
else—such as a large agribusiness, for example—prior to proposing a rule that could have an impact on that company, yet does not require such consultation on public health with public health ex-perts. 
I cannot defend a regulatory frame-
work that would provide big oil compa-nies a guaranteed right to weigh in be-fore any drilling regulation is promul-gated to protect the public from big oil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.026 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H776 February 4, 2015 
spills, such as one we experienced just 
a few years ago. 
To be clear, I strongly support the 
right of industry to have its voice and to have the opportunity to provide comments on proposed rules. This fos-ters more informed and high-quality rulemaking, benefiting business and so-ciety; indeed, that is why our current administrative procedures mandate that a public comment period be pro-vided prior to the adoption of such rules. 
Equally concerning, H.R. 50 would 
also undermine the critical independ-ence of aptly titled independent regu-latory agencies. It is not clear how eliminating the independence of agen-cies, such as the Consumer Product Safety Commission, by empowering Presidential administrations to play a significant role in shaping the rules for those agencies before they issue them, would in any way address unfunded mandates. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. P
OEof 
Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. The bottom line is 
that well-reasoned agency rules have made our air cleaner to breathe, water safer to drink, and our products safer to use. That is a good formula, and we should preserve it. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 1 minute. 
It would be inaccurate and inappro-
priate to suggest that this bill bypasses individuals. To the contrary, the bill says, ‘‘and impacted parties within the private sector.’’ The definition of ‘‘pri-vate sector’’ under UMRA—the term ‘‘private sector’’ means ‘‘all persons or entities in the United States, including individuals.’’ 
Any assertion on this floor that this 
gives unilateral priority to the indi-vidual corporations and bypasses the individuals, we are trying to give peo-ple who are affected by these rules—we are trying to give them the oppor-tunity to be heard. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY). 
Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the ranking member for allowing me time. 
I rise today to strongly oppose H.R. 
50. I consider it a misguided bill that will cost American consumers at least $18 million over the next 10 years while making it easier for bad actors in cer-tain industries to continue their abu-sive practices as they attempt to stonewall appropriate regulation. 
b1415 
Make no mistake. H.R. 50 is a frontal 
assault on the Nation’s health, safety, and environmental protections, and it would erect new barriers to give se-lected industries a built-in advantage to evade or eliminate vital rules that protect the American people. For instance, this bill would require 
agencies to consult with private sector entities ‘‘as early as possible, before the issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking, continue through the final rule stage, and be integrated explicitly into the rulemaking process.’’ 
Now, I agree that Federal agencies 
should consult with regulated indus-tries regarding proposed rules, but they should not receive an insider, prewired advantage in the regulating and rule-making process over other stake-holders. 
H.R. 50 would also expand judicial re-
view under UMRA and would allow a court to review the inadequacy or fail-ure of an agency to prepare a written statement under UMRA. UMRA cur-rently prohibits courts from using the law to stay, invalidate, or otherwise af-fect an agency rule. H.R. 50 would eliminate this prohibition. 
I thought the majority strongly op-
posed judicial activism, but perhaps that only applies to protecting voting rights. 
We don’t have to choose between pro-
tecting the health, welfare, and safety of Americans and promoting economic growth, job creation, and innovation. We can do both. H.R. 50 advances nei-ther of these worthy goals, and that is why I urge my colleagues to reject this deeply flawed act that will stack the deck against the American consumer. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. J
ODY B. 
HICE). 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. I 
thank the gentleman for yielding his time. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-
port of H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act. 
The alarming growth of our Federal 
Government in the last several decades has come at an incredible cost. This is largely due to lax reporting require-ments, and as a result, the American people have largely been left in the dark as to the true cost of this unprec-edented growth. For example, we all know that, often, the Federal Govern-ment imposes mandates, be it upon the private sector or local or State govern-ments, and, oftentimes, this is without any clearly disclosed cost or impact of those mandates. 
Mr. Chairman, H.R. 50 will make sig-
nificant strides to address this looming problem by enacting more strict and clearly defined requirements about how and when agencies need to disclose the cost of these Federal mandates. Therefore, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ). 
Mr. LYNCH. I thank the gentleman 
from Maryland for yielding and for his leadership on this issue. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to H.R. 50. 
With all due respect to my friend 
from Utah—and I do respect him; I know he didn’t write this bill—there is 
a common practice here in Congress that you name the bill in a way that describes the opposite of what it will actually do. This is supposed to be an accountability bill, but this bill ought to be named the ‘‘Government Gridlock Act’’ because that is what it will intro-duce. 
While I certainly respect everyone’s 
opinion and position against Big Gov-ernment—I certainly understand that. You can be against intrusive govern-ment. I understand that. But you can’t be against a functioning government, and that is what this bill accomplishes. 
This bill, as the gentleman did point 
out, does allow individual taxpayers to sue. Mrs. Gilhooly and Mr. Gilhooly can sue, but so can Exxon and so can JPMorgan Chase attack regulations under this bill. This bill makes the fi-nancial ability to sustain a legal chal-lenge as the litmus test on how much justice you get under this bill. 
Even though Congress has the ability 
to pass laws and to direct regulators to come up with regulations, large, well- financed banks and industries like the oil industry will be able to undo the di-rection of Congress by proffering legal challenges with enormous resources to stop those laws from coming into ef-fect. 
A good example is the financial serv-
ices industry, where we under Dodd- Frank have directed that there be 300 separate rules developed to deal with the problems created by the crisis in 2008. That crisis cost $20 trillion to the American economy. Yet, under this law, in order to prevent big banks from taking those reckless gambles, we would have to force the regulators to show that the reduction in cost to the American taxpayer justified the regu-lation against Wall Street. 
It misses the point. We are trying to 
bifurcate the risks created by Wall Street from the taxpayers’ requirement to bail them out. This bill ignores that reality. I think we should all oppose it, and I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
Mr. MEADOWS. I thank the chair-
man for his leadership on this bill and for bringing it through regular order. We continue to hear that around here on this particular bill. 
Mr. Chairman, before the gentleman 
from Massachusetts leaves, I think it is important that we address this. As the gentleman would indicate, he is mak-ing this out to be all about big banks, but it is really about the small busi-ness folks and, truly, about the munici-palities. I want to read a few excerpts from the resolution that comes from his home State—from Massachusetts— because they got together, and they said this is a real problem: 
‘‘Whereas, the Federal Government 
has imposed additional requirements, based on incomplete scientific analysis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.027 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H777 February 4, 2015 
and review, on the cities and towns of 
Massachusetts.’’ In this resolution, Mr. Chairman, it talks about going further and that, at a minimum, what we should do is provide a ‘‘fiscal note in-cluded as part of any such proposal.’’ 
So it is the towns and the counties 
across the country and, yes, indeed, from the gentleman—my esteemed friend from Massachusetts—a resolu-tion from his State that talks about the problems that we have with un-funded mandates. Over 850 major pieces of regulation, with impacts of over $100 million a piece, have failed this basic principle and test, and 75 percent of them never get the analysis that we should be doing at the Federal Govern-ment. 
We have a responsibility to the local 
towns and governments but also a re-sponsibility, Mr. Chairman, to farmers. I left a hearing today with the EPA and an unfunded mandate. Who are they consulting with? The Department of Agriculture, not with the farmers from across this great country. They are talking to other bureaucrats. It is time that we bring the private sector in, and I think it is time that we stand alongside them. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ), a new 
member of our committee. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise today in opposition to H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act. Although the intent of this legislation is to, no doubt, pro-vide additional safeguards, it does, in fact, add an additional level of bu-reaucracy. 
It appears to be a good bill. As a 
former mayor, I fought to ensure that my city and other cities were not un-duly impacted by unfunded Federal mandates. In Michigan, we worked co-operatively with our Federal counter-parts on proposed regulations that would generate obligations on local governments. In fact, as a local govern-ment official, I supported the Unfunded Mandate Reform Act, as it was a result of multiple years of effort by our State and local government officials to con-trol the burden of many unfunded Fed-eral mandates. 
Along with the consequences I have 
previously mentioned, this bill will also grant corporations special access to information about a rule and an op-portunity to submit feedback to an agency before a rule is even proposed. Additionally, the legislation would shut the American people out of this early review. The bill would also re-quire agencies to perform retrospective analysis at the request of any chair-man or ranking minority member of any standing or select committee of the House or the Senate. The bill nei-ther improves nor streamlines the reg-ulatory process. It expands agency roles and interjects politics into the process. 
The Office of Management and Budg-
et is responsible for overseeing the im-plementation of the Unfunded Man-
dates Information and Transparency Act. This bill also expands OMB’s role, and it requires them to guarantee that each agency complies with the act’s re-quirements. Independent regulatory agencies will then have to send their rulemaking analyses to OMB. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. The existing Un-
funded Mandates Reform Act expressly prohibits courts from using the law to stay, enjoin, invalidate, or otherwise affect an agency rule. H.R. 50 would fundamentally change the law by eliminating this prohibition, allowing regulated industries to abuse this ex-panded judicial review and tie up rules in litigation for years. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this act, and I request that this body work within the existing safeguards in place. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCAR-
THY), the distinguished majority lead-
er. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, there are many parts 
of government that like to act in se-crecy. In particular, many agencies like to hide the true costs of their reg-ulations from the American people. After all, it is easier to add more pages to the Federal Register if nobody is sure exactly what the pricetag is, but that is not the way our democracy should work. For government to work, it needs to be accountable to the peo-ple. To be accountable to the people, government needs to be honest and open with what it is doing. 
Washington needs reform, and a good 
place to start is to make sure that peo-ple know the true cost of what Wash-ington is doing—no gimmicks, no hid-den fees. That is why I support Rep-resentative F
OXX’s bill, which demands 
transparency on unfunded mandates. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill says a simple 
thing. It says we trust the people. It says if the bureaucracy is afraid of tell-ing the people how much a regulation costs, then it shouldn’t impose the reg-ulation. If bureaucracy isn’t following the rules and giving the people the in-formation they need, this bill allows the courts to review the agency—no more hiding. The people have the right to know as much as possible, and Washington has an obligation to tell them. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I just want to remind the gentleman 
before he leaves the Chamber that there is truth here. The truth is that the CBO has already estimated that this bill will cost some $18 million. There is also truth here with regard to what has happened to the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau—the very bureau that this Congress established 
to protect our consumers on a day-to- day basis—and its losing some $36 mil-lion. That is the transparency. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ). 
b1430 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chair-
man, thank you to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ), the ranking 
member, for this opportunity to speak. 
I rise today also in opposition to H.R. 
50, the misleadingly named Unfunded Mandates Information and Trans-parency Act of 2015, which passed out of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on a strictly par-tisan vote. 
This bill neither improves nor 
streamlines the regulatory process. In-stead, this ill-conceived bill is an as-sault on consumer protections, gives private industry an unfair advantage to weigh in on rules, and erects new, unnecessary barriers in the regulatory process. 
H.R. 50 would require agencies to pro-
vide the private sector with an unfair advantage to influence proposed regu-lations. The supporters of this bill claim that it creates parity between the private and the public sectors, but that is simply not true. What it really does is provide the private sector with a sneak peek of proposed rules before they are even made public. 
This bill propels regulated private 
sector entities to the front of the line while pushing the consumers these laws are designed to protect to the back of the line. It further gums up the regulatory process by allowing oppo-nents to delay or invalidate rules through litigation. 
The existing Unfunded Mandates Re-
form Act of 1995 prohibits courts from using the law to stay, enjoin, invali-date, or otherwise affect an agency rule. H.R. 50 would fundamentally change that law by eliminating this prohibition, giving regulated industries the ability to abuse this expanded judi-cial review and tie up rules in courts for years. For example, Wall Street banks could take agencies to court over Dodd-Frank consumer protection rules that have yet to be finalized. 
Most Americans, and certainly most 
of my constituents that I represent, simply do not have the means to hire lawyers to sue Federal agencies if they are dissatisfied with a Federal regula-tion, but large corporations do. H.R. 50 would give corporations the ability to sue and to stall regulations they view as unfavorable. 
By unnecessarily layering an addi-
tional, burdensome judicial review and giving private industry an unfair ad-vantage, this bill shows that it is not working for the consumers, but it is only working for the chosen few. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, may 
I inquire of the time left on both sides? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Utah has 15
1⁄2minutes remaining, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.028 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H778 February 4, 2015 
and the gentleman from Maryland has 
91⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ). 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, every 
day small businesses and local govern-ments are weighed down by Washing-ton’s numerous regulations. H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act, acts to curb the constant rules and regulations that Washington continues to impose on the American people. 
This law builds on and improves the 
bipartisan legislation, the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995, which was enacted to promote transparent decisionmaking and curb unfunded Federal mandates. However, due to loopholes and exemptions, UMRA has failed to keep unfunded mandates off the backs of local governments and taxpayers. 
I would like to thank Congress-
woman F
OXX for introducing this bi-
partisan legislation to close these gaps, hold Washington accountable, and bet-ter protect our fellow Americans. 
Importantly, this bill will do three 
things: one, it will close loopholes that allow agencies and independent regu-lators to forgo UMRA analysis; two, it enables stakeholders to engage Federal agencies before unfunded mandates are implemented; and three, it holds regu-lators accountable through the courts and congressional oversight. 
I am reminded every day that we 
were elected to bring change to Wash-
ington, and this reform is exactly what needs to be sent to the President’s desk. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentlelady from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my good friend from Maryland for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill has a lot of 
chutzpah even for a probusiness major-ity. The point of the review and com-ment regulatory process is to hear from everybody, to pull everybody into the process. 
I have experienced how this process 
worked when I chaired the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission. In order to make sure I heard from every-one, I took a process which issued guidelines, which did not come under the Administrative Procedure Act, and put it under the Administrative Proce-dure Act to make sure I heard from ev-eryone. 
In a real sense, I knew, I thought I 
knew what the public wanted because I was a civil rights lawyer. I was particu-larly interested in whether the reforms I was instituting would work in prac-tice. So I was more interested, in a real sense, in what the business community said. 
I must tell you, Mr. Chairman, in 
these processes, the business commu-nity, small and large, dwarfs the public in the amount of comment that agen-cies receive. This bill breaks a cardinal rule by ex-
cluding, of all people, the public, while industry gets an advance look at a bill. Understand, it is the industry that is being regulated, industry that has the high-cost lobbyists, the high-cost law-yers that the public does not have. 
So what is the point here, Mr. Chair-
man? It is clear. The point is to get in-dustry in on writing the bill itself and writing it at that stage before the pub-lic even gets to know what the bill is. This is not a tilt in favor of the objects of regulations; it is a slide in their favor. 
If the point is the usual bipartisan 
point, to help small businesses—which, by the way, is already a stakeholder— along with other businesses, why pit small businesses against small children and small mortgage holders and small IT users? 
Another extraordinary thing I see in 
this bill is that the court-hating major-ity, at least in this bill, falls in love with the judiciary by inviting litiga-tion before the rule is final. The courts will just love that. On top of every-thing else, this bill adds $18 million over 10 years to agency spending? 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield the gentle-
lady an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. NORTON. $18 million that this 
majority certainly will not appro-priate. 
Small business always have been a 
bipartisan concern. We have many more of them in our districts than we have large businesses. Small businesses are not who will come to ‘‘consult.’’ It is the global multinationals who are applauding this bill as we speak. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to point to the bill because it keeps getting repeated on this floor that it doesn’t include the public, it doesn’t include individuals. That is just not true. 
On page 12 of the bill: 
Agencies shall, to the extent practicable, 
seek out the views of State, local, and tribal governments, and impacted parties within the private sector. 
Definition of private sector: the term 
‘‘private sector’’ means all persons or entities in the United States, including individuals. 
It sounds like a good rhetorical point 
to keep saying: Oh, we are leaving out the little guy; we are leaving out the public. It does include the public; it does include the individuals; and when these unfunded mandates are placed upon them, this bill would make sure that they are at least asked about it. That is what we are seeking. 
At this time, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Chairman, the 
chairman points out very clearly that, indeed, the definition of ‘‘private sec-tor’’ includes individuals. I would also like to go further and talk about small businesses. We are talking about small busi-
nesses and how they are not supported in this. It is troubling, because if that were the case, the National Federation of Independent Businesses, who rep-resents thousands and thousands of small businesses, or the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, which does the same, would not be endorsing this piece of legislation. So, Mr. Chair-man, I want to make sure the record is corrected. 
With regards to the $18 million, that 
was cleared up in Rules yesterday; the committee was made aware of it. And despite the legislation being identical to last Congress’ bill, the CBO had scored it as having a direct spending cost, but this was partly because the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, CFPB, doesn’t have the authority to collect the fees. And so we have al-ready addressed that, Mr. Chairman, and I wanted to make sure we cleared up the record. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlelady from California (Ms. W
ATERS ), the ranking member of the 
Committee on Financial Services. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the time that has been allotted to me. Thank you very much, Mr. C
UMMINGS . 
I rise to oppose H.R. 50, an 
anticonsumer deregulatory bill that would stop rulemaking by our Nation’s financial overseers dead in its tracks. In 2008, we witnessed the worst finan-cial crisis since 1929, which halted lend-ing to small businesses, left millions without a home, and pushed countless Americans into personal bankruptcy and ruin, after which my colleagues and I in Congress worked diligently to put in place serious and comprehensive safeguards to prevent another collapse. 
Nevertheless, today House Repub-
licans are suffering from selective am-nesia when they push this legislation to undo financial reform. Indeed, this bill, H.R. 50, places significant admin-istrative hurdles on our regulators, like the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau and the Securities and Ex-change Commission. 
Certain provisions require our regu-
lators, who are tasked with protecting consumers and investors, to conduct onerous, industry-friendly, cost-benefit analysis and to submit their rules for review to the Office of Management and Budget. This hurts their ability to act independently and in the best in-terests of the public. 
In addition, this bill would arm spe-
cial interests with a time-tested weap-on to delay and kill reform, the oppor-tunity to challenge our cash-strapped regulators in court on every rule. But this is the ultimate point of the bill: to make regulating everything from secu-rities, fraud, payday loans, credit cards, insider trading, and derivatives that much harder. 
Most concerning is that Republicans 
want to pay for the cost of their new burdens by depriving the one regulator charged with protecting our Nation’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.030 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H779 February 4, 2015 
consumers of tens of millions of dol-
lars. 
Mr. Chairman, this is just the latest 
in a never-ending effort to unravel the important protections for consumers and taxpayers this Congress put in place following the worst crisis in a generation. 
With our economy still recovering 
from the $14 trillion financial crisis, with families in my own district and probably yours still struggling with foreclosure and unsure how they will be able to make ends meet in retire-ment, we simply cannot undermine fundamental reforms or the agencies enforcing them. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to make Mr. C
UMMINGS  
aware that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close, but I will reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
IL-
DEE). 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my friend for yielding. 
I want to echo the comments of 
Ranking Member W ATERS . As a mem-
ber of the Committee on Financial Services, I am particularly concerned with the direction that this bill takes us at a time when, on one hand, many of my colleagues have criticized the agencies charged with implementation of important regulatory reforms, such as Dodd-Frank, charging those agen-cies with not bringing forth rules in a timely fashion, and then at the same time reducing, through the budget process, the necessary resources to pro-vide those agencies with the tools that they need to move forward on the rule-making process, and now this, yet an-other, I think, effort to create another cumbersome step in the process of de-veloping rules intended to implement legislation that was passed here by the United States Congress, law that is on the books. 
b1445 
The rulemaking process already in-
cludes a very logical progression of steps which allows for a comprehensive and all-inclusive comment period under the Administrative Procedure Act that allows the kind of substantive input that is specific to the rules being proposed to be provided, to be consid-ered, to modify proposed rules, and then to move forward in an orderly process. 
The other concern that I have is that 
there is language that is troublesome to me in terms of the way cost-benefit analyses would be conducted and con-sidered. 
Very often—and there is no better ex-
ample than in the financial sector—if we limit ourselves to industry-specific costs and benefits, we lose the fact that many of the costs are not borne by those in the industry but those con-sumers who bear the brunt of their tac-tics. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland has 2 minutes remain-ing. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I just want to be clear. Many things 
concern me about this legislation. We need to be very careful about this. 
We have a situation here where this 
is clearly an effort to give Big Business an advantage. All the speakers on our side have talked to that. We can go around saying we don’t need regula-tions, but regulations are very, very important. This President has done a lot with regard to addressing the issue of regulations. 
There is something else that is hap-
pening here that really bothers me. There was a tremendous effort by the other side when we were trying to get the consumer financial protection bill 
passed. 
After seeing our constituents abused 
over and over again, we bring about an agency that would bring them some type of protection, and here, we are taking away money from an agency that already needs money, the very agency that is there to help our con-stituents. That concerns me. 
The other thing that concerns me is 
that we have an extra layer here. It makes it much more difficult now with regard to rulemaking, and then to have the courts have the ability to delay and basically take away rules is un-precedented. That is something that even Newt Gingrich didn’t do. 
We need to look at what we are doing 
and bring a sense of balance, and the other side will say that balance is brought about because private industry is given an opportunity to be involved in the process. 
Well, they really do have a tremen-
dous advantage because, as Ms. N
ORTON  
said, they are the ones that have the lawyers. They are the ones who have the big money. They are the ones now who will be able to come in before the regulations are even formulated and have their say while the public won’t be in that kind of position. 
Let’s not kid ourselves. We are put-
ting our constituents at a decided dis-advantage, no matter how you look at it. This is a triumph for Big Business. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The one who is in the power position, 
the one who has got the resources, the one that has got the attorneys is the government. The government is the one that has got all the cards. 
All we are asking for is to allow 
input from individuals, small busi-nesses, big businesses. If you are going to be affected, isn’t it common sense to suggest that maybe they should talk to the people that they are going to put this mandate on? Let’s have a discus-sion, a dialogue, get some input from them? 
The name of this bill is very, very ac-
curate, Unfunded Mandates Informa-tion and Transparency Act. What are 
we afraid of, asking them the question: How are you going to be impacted? What is this going to do to the econ-omy? 
What I hear from my constituents— 
and I have heard it from outside of Utah’s Third Congressional District—is the Federal Government comes in with its big, heavy hand, and they have no voice, no opportunity. It is just laid upon them. 
I appreciate Dr. F
OXXand what she is 
doing. We also hear from State, local, and tribal governments, from small businesses and business organizations that are in support of this bill. 
In fiscal year 2014, the administra-
tion estimated the annual cost of major regulations was between $57 bil-lion and $84 billion. There is room. There is appropriate use of regulations. To suggest that we are opposed to all regulations is irresponsible. 
I think there are good regulations 
that are in place—they make our coun-try better—but there needs to be a process and a communication and input from individuals that are af-fected by these regulations. 
We have got to understand the costs 
and how we are passing these unfunded mandates on to State and local govern-ments. This is an important part of the process. 
Updating this law, we can ensure all 
parties, from government entities to small businesses to individuals, under-stand the true costs of the prospective mandates. 
This bill should successfully pass in 
the House again, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. I applaud Dr. F
OXX from North Carolina, the prime 
sponsor of this, for moving this legisla-tion. 
I would urge, my colleagues, a ‘‘yea’’ 
vote on H.R. 50, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for de-
bate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
An amendment in the nature of a 
substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–4, modified by the amendment printed in part B of House Report 114–14, is adopted. 
The bill, as amended, shall be consid-
ered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5- minute rule and shall be considered as read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 50 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Unfunded Man-
dates Information and Transparency Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this Act is— 
(1) to improve the quality of the deliberations 
of Congress with respect to proposed Federal mandates by— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.032 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H780 February 4, 2015 
(A) providing Congress and the public with 
more complete information about the effects of such mandates; and 
(B) ensuring that Congress acts on such man-
dates only after focused deliberation on their ef-fects; and 
(2) to enhance the ability of Congress and the 
public to identify Federal mandates that may impose undue harm on consumers, workers, em-
ployers, small businesses, and State, local, and tribal governments. 
SEC. 3. PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL BUDG-
ET OFFICE STUDIES ON POLICIES IN-VOLVING CHANGES IN CONDITIONS OF GRANT AID. 
Section 202(g) of the Congressional Budget Act 
of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 602(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL STUDIES .—At the request of 
any Chairman or ranking member of the minor-ity of a Committee of the Senate or the House of Representatives, the Director shall conduct an assessment comparing the authorized level of funding in a bill or resolution to the prospective costs of carrying out any changes to a condition of Federal assistance being imposed on State, local, or tribal governments participating in the Federal assistance program concerned or, in the case of a bill or joint resolution that authorizes such sums as are necessary, an assessment of an estimated level of funding compared to such costs.’’. 
SEC. 4. CLARIFYING THE DEFINITION OF DIRECT 
COSTS TO REFLECT CONGRES-SIONAL BUDGET OFFICE PRACTICE. 
Section 421(3) of the Congressional Budget Act 
of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 658(3)(A)(i)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(i), by inserting ‘‘incur 
or’’ before ‘‘be required’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by inserting after ‘‘to 
spend’’ the following: ‘‘or could forgo in profits, including costs passed on to consumers or other entities taking into account, to the extent prac-ticable, behavioral changes,’’. 
SEC. 5. EXPANDING THE SCOPE OF REPORTING 
REQUIREMENTS TO INCLUDE REGU-LATIONS IMPOSED BY INDEPENDENT REGULATORY AGENCIES. 
Paragraph (1) of section 421 of the Congres-
sional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 658) is amended by striking ‘‘, but does not include independent regulatory agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘, except it does not include the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System or the Fed-eral Open Market Committee’’. 
SEC. 6. AMENDMENTS TO REPLACE OFFICE OF 
MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET WITH OFFICE OF INFORMATION AND REG-ULATORY AFFAIRS. 
The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 
(Public Law 104–4; 2 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 103(c) (2 U.S.C. 1511(c))— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘O
FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘O FFICE OF INFORMATION AND REGU-
LATORY AFFAIRS ’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Director of the Office of Man-
agement and Budget’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs’’; 
(2) in section 205(c) (2 U.S.C. 1535(c))— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘OMB’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Director of the Office of Man-
agement and Budget’’ and inserting ‘‘Adminis-trator of the Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs’’; and 
(3) in section 206 (2 U.S.C. 1536), by striking 
‘‘Director of the Office of Management and Budget’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs’’. 
SEC. 7. APPLYING SUBSTANTIVE POINT OF 
ORDER TO PRIVATE SECTOR MAN-DATES. 
Section 425(a)(2) of the Congressional Budget 
Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 658d(a)(2)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Federal intergovernmental 
mandates’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal mandates’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘or 424(b)(1)’’ after ‘‘section 
424(a)(1)’’. 
SEC. 8. REGULATORY PROCESS AND PRINCIPLES. 
Section 201 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform 
Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1531) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 201. REGULATORY PROCESS AND PRIN-
CIPLES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each agency shall, unless 
otherwise expressly prohibited by law, assess the effects of Federal regulatory actions on State, local, and tribal governments and the private sector (other than to the extent that such regu-latory actions incorporate requirements specifi-cally set forth in law) in accordance with the following principles: 
‘‘(1) Each agency shall identify the problem 
that it intends to address (including, if applica-ble, the failures of private markets or public in-stitutions that warrant new agency action) as well as assess the significance of that problem. 
‘‘(2) Each agency shall examine whether exist-
ing regulations (or other law) have created, or contributed to, the problem that a new regula-tion is intended to correct and whether those regulations (or other law) should be modified to achieve the intended goal of regulation more ef-fectively. 
‘‘(3) Each agency shall identify and assess 
available alternatives to direct regulation, in-cluding providing economic incentives to en-courage the desired behavior, such as user fees or marketable permits, or providing information upon which choices can be made by the public. 
‘‘(4) If an agency determines that a regulation 
is the best available method of achieving the regulatory objective, it shall design its regula-tions in the most cost-effective manner to achieve the regulatory objective. In doing so, each agency shall consider incentives for inno-vation, consistency, predictability, the costs of enforcement and compliance (to the government, regulated entities, and the public), flexibility, distributive impacts, and equity. 
‘‘(5) Each agency shall assess both the costs 
and the benefits of the intended regulation and, recognizing that some costs and benefits are dif-ficult to quantify, propose or adopt a regula-tion, unless expressly prohibited by law, only upon a reasoned determination that the benefits of the intended regulation justify its costs. 
‘‘(6) Each agency shall base its decisions on 
the best reasonably obtainable scientific, tech-nical, economic, and other information con-cerning the need for, and consequences of, the intended regulation. 
‘‘(7) Each agency shall identify and assess al-
ternative forms of regulation and shall, to the extent feasible, specify performance objectives, rather than specifying the behavior or manner of compliance that regulated entities must adopt. 
‘‘(8) Each agency shall avoid regulations that 
are inconsistent, incompatible, or duplicative with its other regulations or those of other Fed-eral agencies. 
‘‘(9) Each agency shall tailor its regulations to 
minimize the costs of the cumulative impact of regulations. 
‘‘(10) Each agency shall draft its regulations 
to be simple and easy to understand, with the goal of minimizing the potential for uncertainty and litigation arising from such uncertainty. 
‘‘(b) R
EGULATORY ACTION DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘regulatory action’ means any substantive action by an agency (normally pub-lished in the Federal Register) that promulgates or is expected to lead to the promulgation of a final rule or regulation, including advance no-tices of proposed rulemaking and notices of pro-posed rulemaking.’’. 
SEC. 9. EXPANDING THE SCOPE OF STATEMENTS 
TO ACCOMPANY SIGNIFICANT REGU-LATORY ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 202 
of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1532) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Unless otherwise expressly 
prohibited by law, before promulgating any gen-eral notice of proposed rulemaking or any final rule, or within six months after promulgating any final rule that was not preceded by a gen-eral notice of proposed rulemaking, if the pro-posed rulemaking or final rule includes a Fed-
eral mandate that may result in an annual ef-fect on State, local, or tribal governments, or to the private sector, in the aggregate of $100,000,000 or more in any 1 year, the agency shall prepare a written statement containing the following: 
‘‘(1) The text of the draft proposed rulemaking 
or final rule, together with a reasonably de-tailed description of the need for the proposed rulemaking or final rule and an explanation of how the proposed rulemaking or final rule will meet that need. 
‘‘(2) An assessment of the potential costs and 
benefits of the proposed rulemaking or final rule, including an explanation of the manner in which the proposed rulemaking or final rule is consistent with a statutory requirement and avoids undue interference with State, local, and tribal governments in the exercise of their gov-ernmental functions. 
‘‘(3) A qualitative and quantitative assess-
ment, including the underlying analysis, of ben-efits anticipated from the proposed rulemaking or final rule (such as the promotion of the effi-cient functioning of the economy and private markets, the enhancement of health and safety, the protection of the natural environment, and the elimination or reduction of discrimination or bias). 
‘‘(4) A qualitative and quantitative assess-
ment, including the underlying analysis, of costs anticipated from the proposed rulemaking or final rule (such as the direct costs both to the Government in administering the final rule and to businesses and others in complying with the final rule, and any adverse effects on the effi-cient functioning of the economy, private mar-kets (including productivity, employment, and international competitiveness), health, safety, and the natural environment). 
‘‘(5) Estimates by the agency, if and to the ex-
tent that the agency determines that accurate estimates are reasonably feasible, of— 
‘‘(A) the future compliance costs of the Fed-
eral mandate; and 
‘‘(B) any disproportionate budgetary effects of 
the Federal mandate upon any particular re-gions of the Nation or particular State, local, or tribal governments, urban or rural or other types of communities, or particular segments of the private sector. 
‘‘(6)(A) A detailed description of the extent of 
the agency’s prior consultation with the private sector and elected representatives (under section 204) of the affected State, local, and tribal gov-ernments. 
‘‘(B) A detailed summary of the comments and 
concerns that were presented by the private sec-tor and State, local, or tribal governments either orally or in writing to the agency. 
‘‘(C) A detailed summary of the agency’s eval-
uation of those comments and concerns. 
‘‘(7) A detailed summary of how the agency 
complied with each of the regulatory principles described in section 201.’’. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR DETAILED SUMMARY .— 
Subsection (b) of section 202 of such Act is amended by inserting ‘‘detailed’’ before ‘‘sum-mary’’. 
SEC. 10. ENHANCED STAKEHOLDER CONSULTA-
TION. 
Section 204 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform 
Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1534) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ AND 
PRIVATE SECTOR ’’ before ‘‘ INPUT ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, and impacted parties with-
in the private sector (including small business),’’ after ‘‘on their behalf)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Federal intergovernmental 
mandates’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal mandates’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.017 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H781 February 4, 2015 
(3) by amending subsection (c) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(c) G UIDELINES .—For appropriate implemen-
tation of subsections (a) and (b) consistent with applicable laws and regulations, the following guidelines shall be followed: 
‘‘(1) Consultations shall take place as early as 
possible, before issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking, continue through the final rule stage, and be integrated explicitly into the rule-making process. 
‘‘(2) Agencies shall consult with a wide vari-
ety of State, local, and tribal officials and im-pacted parties within the private sector (includ-ing small businesses). Geographic, political, and other factors that may differentiate varying points of view should be considered. 
‘‘(3) Agencies should estimate benefits and 
costs to assist with these consultations. The scope of the consultation should reflect the cost and significance of the Federal mandate being considered. 
‘‘(4) Agencies shall, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) seek out the views of State, local, and 
tribal governments, and impacted parties within the private sector (including small business), on costs, benefits, and risks; and 
‘‘(B) solicit ideas about alternative methods of 
compliance and potential flexibilities, and input on whether the Federal regulation will har-monize with and not duplicate similar laws in other levels of government. 
‘‘(5) Consultations shall address the cumu-
lative impact of regulations on the affected enti-ties. 
‘‘(6) Agencies may accept electronic submis-
sions of comments by relevant parties but may not use those comments as the sole method of satisfying the guidelines in this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 11. NEW AUTHORITIES AND RESPONSIBIL-
ITIES FOR OFFICE OF INFORMATION AND REGULATORY AFFAIRS. 
Section 208 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform 
Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1538) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 208. OFFICE OF INFORMATION AND REGU-
LATORY AFFAIRS RESPONSIBILITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs shall provide meaningful guidance and over-sight so that each agency’s regulations for which a written statement is required under sec-tion 202 are consistent with the principles and requirements of this title, as well as other appli-cable laws, and do not conflict with the policies or actions of another agency. If the Adminis-trator determines that an agency’s regulations for which a written statement is required under section 202 do not comply with such principles and requirements, are not consistent with other applicable laws, or conflict with the policies or actions of another agency, the Administrator shall identify areas of non-compliance, notify the agency, and request that the agency comply before the agency finalizes the regulation con-cerned. 
‘‘(b) A
NNUAL STATEMENTS TO CONGRESS ON  
AGENCY COMPLIANCE .—The Director of the Of-
fice of Information and Regulatory Affairs an-nually shall submit to Congress, including the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, a written report de-tailing compliance by each agency with the re-quirements of this title that relate to regulations for which a written statement is required by sec-tion 202, including activities undertaken at the request of the Director to improve compliance, during the preceding reporting period. The re-port shall also contain an appendix detailing compliance by each agency with section 204.’’. 
SEC. 12. RETROSPECTIVE ANALYSIS OF EXISTING 
FEDERAL REGULATIONS. 
The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 
(Public Law 104–4; 2 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.) is amended— (1) by redesignating section 209 as section 210; 
and 
(2) by inserting after section 208 the following 
new section 209: 
‘‘SEC. 209. RETROSPECTIVE ANALYSIS OF EXIST-
ING FEDERAL REGULATIONS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT .—At the request of the 
chairman or ranking minority member of a standing or select committee of the House of Representatives or the Senate, an agency shall conduct a retrospective analysis of an existing Federal regulation promulgated by an agency. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT .—Each agency conducting a ret-
rospective analysis of existing Federal regula-tions pursuant to subsection (a) shall submit to the chairman of the relevant committee, Con-gress, and the Comptroller General a report con-taining, with respect to each Federal regulation covered by the analysis— 
‘‘(1) a copy of the Federal regulation; ‘‘(2) the continued need for the Federal regu-
lation; 
‘‘(3) the nature of comments or complaints re-
ceived concerning the Federal regulation from the public since the Federal regulation was pro-mulgated; 
‘‘(4) the extent to which the Federal regula-
tion overlaps, duplicates, or conflicts with other Federal regulations, and, to the extent feasible, with State and local governmental rules; 
‘‘(5) the degree to which technology, economic 
conditions, or other factors have changed in the area affected by the Federal regulation; 
‘‘(6) a complete analysis of the retrospective 
direct costs and benefits of the Federal regula-tion that considers studies done outside the Fed-eral Government (if any) estimating such costs or benefits; and 
‘‘(7) any litigation history challenging the 
Federal regulation.’’. 
SEC. 13. EXPANSION OF JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
Section 401(a) of the Unfunded Mandates Re-
form Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1571(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraphs (1) and (2)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘sections 202 and 203(a)(1) and 
(2)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sec-tions 201, 202, 203(a)(1) and (2), and 205(a) and (b)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘only’’ each place it appears; (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘section 
202’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘section 202, prepare the written plan under section 203(a)(1) and (2), or comply with section 205(a) and (b), a court may compel the agency to pre-pare such written statement, prepare such writ-ten plan, or comply with such section.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘written 
statement or plan is required’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘shall not’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘written statement under section 202, a written plan under section 203(a)(1) and (2), or compliance with sections 201 and 205(a) and (b) is required, the inadequacy or failure to prepare such statement (including the inadequacy or failure to prepare any estimate, analysis, state-ment, or description), to prepare such written plan, or to comply with such section may’’. 
SEC. 14. BUREAU FUNDING AUTHORITY. 
The Director of the Bureau of Consumer Fi-
nancial Protection may not request, under sec-tion 1017 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, during fiscal year 2016 an amount that would result in the total amount requested by the Director during that fiscal year to exceed $550,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. No further 
amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part C of the report. Each such fur-ther amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not 
be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . REED  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part C of House Report 114–14. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 2, line 1, insert ‘‘private property 
owners,’’ after ‘‘small businesses,’’. 
Page 10, line 24, strike the closing 
quotation marks and second period. 
Page 10, after line 24, add the following: ‘‘(8) An assessment of the effects that the 
proposed rulemaking or final rule are ex-pected to have on private property owners, including the use and value of affected prop-erty.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 78, the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Chairman, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, private property 
rights are fundamental to our liberties and freedom as American citizens. These rights are recognized in the Fifth Amendment to our United States Constitution. 
The overreaching actions from gov-
ernment on all levels—in particular here, today, the Federal Government and its agencies—is infringing on these rights by limiting property use and im-pacting property values. This is not right, and we must address this issue. 
My amendment is simple, and it is 
fair. The amendment will require agen-cies to assess the impact of their gov-ernmental actions on private property, including the use and value of that pri-vate property. 
Mr. Chairman, this will ensure fair-
ness and transparency. Agencies will have to recognize the effects their gov-ernment action will have on private property once this amendment is ap-proved. 
Mr. Chairman, I have heard from con-
stituents in my district and from across America that this government needs to be held in check and, in par-ticular, when it comes to our funda-mental freedoms such as private prop-erty rights. 
At this point in time, Mr. Chairman, 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Utah, Chairman C
HAFFETZ , chairman of 
the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate Congressman R
EED and what 
he is trying to do here. I think this makes a lot of sense. 
His amendment asks agencies to con-
sider the effects of regulatory action upon private property owners. The amendment furthers the bill’s intent to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.017 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H782 February 4, 2015 
provide more input from private sector 
entities and taxpayers affected by these regulations. It thinks of farms and other types of public land issues that we deal with, particularly out West, but across the Nation. 
Federal regulators should consider 
the effects of any regulation on private property owners. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I am 
not going to really oppose this amend-ment. This amendment would add a re-quirement that agencies evaluate the impacts of a rule on private property owners. I do not object to this require-ment in isolation. 
The problem is that this amendment 
adds one more requirement to the lay-ers of red tape this bill already adds to the rulemaking process. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. REED. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the ranking member and the chairman for their lack of opposition in support of this amendment. 
In closing, Mr. Chairman, I would 
just say, as we care about American citizens across the country, we must stand with them, and we must support their fundamental freedoms that are represented in our Constitution, and that is what this amendment will do. 
It is a simple, concise amendment 
that will just recognize that the gov-ernment, once and for all, must recog-nize that it is impacting private prop-erty rights in America with its actions and quantify that impact when it comes to the use and value of their pri-vate property. 
Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to 
support this amendment and the under-lying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. R
EED). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . CUMMINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part C of House Report 114–14. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike section 12. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 78, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Maryland. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment strikes section 12 of the bill. Section 12 would require an agency 
to perform a retrospective analysis of any existing rule any time a com-mittee chairman or ranking member asked for it. 
Under this section, any one of nearly 
100 Members of Congress could tie an agency up in knots, forcing review after review of any existing rule. 
I asked the nonpartisan Congres-
sional Research Service to analyze the constitutionality of this section. CRS provided my staff with a memo that found that section 12 of H.R. 50 raises a serious constitutional question. 
CRS evaluated the impact of the Su-
preme Court’s decision in INS v. Chadha. In that case, the Court held that Congress can exercise its legisla-tive authority only through bicameral passage of legislation that is then pre-sented to the President. 
CRS evaluated whether giving indi-
vidual Members of Congress the au-thority to demand agency action would violate that requirement. 
Here is what CRS found: ‘‘It could be 
argued that imbuing certain Members with the authority to demand that an agency prepare a report under section 12 is an action of sufficient legislative character and effect as to trigger the bicameralism and presentment require-ments of article I.’’ 
CRS also found there is a ‘‘tenable 
argument that the provisions of sec-tion 12 raise constitutional concerns of the magnitude addressed in Chadha.’’ 
Congress certainly has a legitimate 
interest in conducting oversight of agency actions. It is appropriate for House committees to request informa-tion about agency rules and how they can be improved, but committees al-ready have the opportunity to conduct that type of oversight. 
We don’t need to require in legisla-
tion that an agency conduct an en-tirely new cost-benefit analysis for po-tentially every rule on the books at the whim of individual Members of Con-gress. CRS notes that Congress could conduct these reviews as part of its oversight prerogative. 
CRS goes on to note, however, that if 
these reviews were considered part of congressional oversight rather than an exercise of legislative authority, they ‘‘would leave open significant and un-resolved questions regarding the pa-rameters of congressional oversight au-thority.’’ These questions are signifi-cant enough to warrant stripping this section from the bill. 
In addition, section 12 would threat-
en the ability of agencies to carry out their missions. The more time an agen-cy spends responding to demands for rule reviews, the less time it is spend-ing performing the work it is supposed to be doing. 
b1500 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, a 
cost-benefit analysis prior to the im-plementation of a regulation requires a number of assumptions that make an accurate analysis difficult, if not im-possible. 
H.R. 50 allows committee chairmen 
and ranking members to ask for the retrospective reviews of specific regu-lations. 
I think there needs to be a degree of 
deference and some respect for the idea 
that it is for committee chairmen and ranking members, both sides of the aisle, not just based on some whim. I think it is offensive to suggest that it be just some whimsical thing. 
This allows an important check on 
any pre-implementation cost-benefit analysis, and these retrospective re-views better clarify the true costs of regulation. Even President Obama sup-ports retrospective reviews and issued an executive order requiring agencies to conduct them. 
More importantly, retrospective re-
views work. In April of 2014, the GAO issued a report on retrospective re-views at 22 executive agencies. That re-port found that more than 90 percent of retrospective regulation reviews led the agencies to revise, clarify, or elimi-nate regulation text—90 percent. 
However, the pace of retrospective 
review is much slower than planned, and the 22 agencies reviewed by the GAO had plans to conduct more than 650 retrospective reviews but had only completed 246 of them as of August of 2013. 
As you can see, the agencies are al-
ready doing this work. It is good to go back and review. We shouldn’t be afraid of that. We should encourage it. 
This provision in the bill simply al-
lows Congress to work with agencies to prioritize regulatory areas most impor-tant to the American taxpayer. We need to maintain the ability to make such requests, and I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, may 
I inquire as to how much time we have on this side? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Maryland has 2 minutes remain-ing. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I yield 1 minute to 
the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I thank my friend. Mr. Chairman, I think we do have 
something to be concerned about with this provision of the bill, and I rise en-thusiastically to support Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ’ amendment. He has raised seri-
ous issues about the constitutional na-ture of this provision which could take down the whole bill. 
I was working in the United States 
Senate at the time of the Chadha ren-dering by the Supreme Court, and it is crystal clear. It is crystal clear to me that this retrospective provision, em-powering Congress, tantamount to a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.036 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H783 February 4, 2015 
legislative veto, though we don’t call it 
that, is an encroachment on executive authority, and will be so found by courts. 
Therefore, I think it is prudent for 
this body to adopt the Cummings amendment and clear that constitu-tional cloud that hangs over H.R. 50. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, that 
is some good creative thinking right there. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
One of the things that we have to 
keep in mind, the President is the President. You are talking about 100 Members of Congress, as opposed to the President. The President has done this, and the chairman admits that they are already behind. 
So now what we are going to do is 
bring in a whole new 100 people, at a whim, to say, We don’t like something and let’s pull it back. 
No. I think we are better than that, 
and I think it does have constitutional problems. I think enough is being done, and I am glad to hear somebody giving 
the President some credit for some-thing. The fact is that he has been most aggressive in this area. 
I don’t think that this provision is 
needed, and I would urge Members to vote in favor of my amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I want to highlight, again, that when 
there was a report done by the GAO, they found that 90 percent of retrospec-tive regulation reviews led agencies to revise, clarify, or eliminate regulatory text. 
All this does is ask for a report. It 
doesn’t repeal it. It is not going to slow it down. What it does is ask for a re-port. That is an important process to go through, and when we have gone through it in the past, 90 percent of the time, according to the GAO, it has led to revisions that are important. 
It is very difficult to understand 
what is going to happen on the front end. All we are asking for in this bill is let’s consult with the individuals, the property owners, others who are af-fected, and then, if we need a report, and we are going to limit that to chair-men and ranking members, that is an appropriate thing to do. 
What are we afraid of? We are just 
trying to get transparency to the issue and be able to highlight this. 
I worry, when you talk about the 
numbers of reviews and how far behind, it just shows the massive numbers of regulations that go through this proc-ess. We should be able to review those. There are real Americans that are af-fected by this every day. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UMMINGS ). The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part C of House Report 114–14. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 14. SUNSET OF UNFUNDED MANDATES RE-
FORM ACT AND CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET ACT AMENDMENTS IF GDP GROWTH FAILS TO INCREASE AT AV-ERAGE ANNUAL RATE OF 5 PERCENT OR MORE. 
(a) S UNSET .—If the real gross domestic 
product of the United States fails to increase at an average annual rate of 5 percent or more for the first 4 calendar quarters occur-ring after the date of the enactment of this Act, as determined under subsection (b), then the amendments made by this Act to the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (Public Law 104–4; 2 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.) and the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 602 et seq.) are repealed. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION OF GROWTH OF GDP.— 
For purposes of subsection (a), the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall— 
(1) calculate the average annual rate of 
growth of the real gross domestic product for the first 4 calendar quarters occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) submit to Congress a report containing 
such calculation and such other information as the Director considers appropriate, not later than 30 days after the end of the 4th calendar quarter occurring after such date of enactment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 78, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I yield myself such 
time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to urge 
my colleagues to support this simple, clear amendment to H.R. 50. This amendment seeks to establish a per-formance-based sunset mechanism stipulating that, in the event that the average annual rate of real GDP growth remains below 5 percent over the first 4 quarters occurring after the date of enactment, then the statutory changes made by H.R. 50 are repealed because the bill will have been proved to have been ineffective. 
This amendment sets up a real world 
measurement and a sunset mechanism that supporters and opponents, it seems to me, can support, since it fea-tures the flexibility to ensure an opti-mal response to whichever prediction of the impact of H.R. 50, positive or negative, takes place over the year fol-
lowing enactment. 
If the Unfunded Mandates Act, by 
lessening the independence of inde-pendent regulatory agencies and strengthening the influence of the pri-vate sector in the Federal rulemaking process, does, in fact, spur the eco-nomic growth we have heard so much about to at least match the average an-nual real GDP growth rates achieved during two administrations, the John-son and Kennedy administrations, and in the last 2 quarters of this adminis-tration so far, what is the threat? 
What are we afraid of? However, if it fails to spur the prom-
ised economic growth to at least achieve an average annual growth rate of 5 percent over the year following the enactment of the law, then the statu-tory changes made by H.R. 50 will be repealed. 
Five percent is reasonable. It is a 
reasonable target goal when one con-siders that, according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, real GDP growth under the Obama economy reached 4.6 percent in the second quarter and 5 percent in the fourth. 
Why wouldn’t we expect H.R. 50 to be 
able to sustain that growth rate and, indeed, improve on it in the first full year after enactment? 
Finally, I would note that, according 
to the preliminary estimate of the Con-gressional Budget Office, this amend-ment would not increase direct spend-ing or reduce revenues, and I strongly urge all of the Members in the body to adopt this commonsense amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. I thank the gen-
tleman, and I appreciate my colleague from Virginia. I appreciate his tenacity and good work on these issues and on the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. 
But I do have to suggest that if the 
economy is struggling, Federal regu-lators should be extra concerned about imposing undue and unnecessary costs on to the American public and the pri-vate sector job creators. 
H.R. 50 helps ensure that regulations 
that impose unfunded mandates on State, local, and tribal governments and the private sector are fully ana-lyzed and considered. 
Keep in mind, we are focused here on 
unfunded mandates. This amendment would repeal this helpful legislation if the GDP rate grows at a rate of less than 5 percent. To me, this is counter-productive. 
GDP is a deliberately broad measure 
of economic growth. The GDP does not reflect the impact a regulatory man-date might have on a State or local government or a portion of the private sector, nor does it reflect the impact of regulations as a whole. 
Ultimately, GDP growth is not a sub-
stitute for a sensible regulatory anal-ysis and process. I would argue that, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.039 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H784 February 4, 2015 
regardless of GDP growth or reduction, 
we need to allow, particularly these local governments, these tribal govern-ments, these private individuals—it is the little guy that has this unfunded mandate thrust upon them that we have to review. 
So repealing H.R. 50 if the GDP is 
failing to grow is contrary to the very purpose of this bill and, therefore, I stand in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. I would inquire of 
the Chair how much time remains on this side. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 2
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I just want to say in response to my 
friend from Utah, also a neat argu-ment. All of a sudden we are now re-treating from the economic rationale for moving beyond unfunded mandates, for getting the hobnail-booted govern-ment off the necks of business so jobs can grow and the economy can just take off. Now, that is not really the purpose of this. It is transparency and getting unfunded mandates exposed. I think that is a fairly weak argument and justification for a bad bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ), the distinguished ranking 
member. 
Mr. CUMMINGS. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of 
this commonsense amendment. The legislation we are considering today has been sold by supporters as a jobs bill. Give me a break. 
This amendment simply says that if 
the economy doesn’t improve the way the bill’s supporters say it will, then the bill will sunset. It is as simple as that. The amendment would leave the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act un-touched. This sunset provision would only impact the changes made by this bill. For those reasons, I strongly sup-port the amendment. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. In summary, Mr. 
Chairman, I think this is a common-sense amendment. I think it sets a metric that I would hope my friends on the other side of the aisle would actu-ally embrace so that we can see wheth-er a new piece of legislation is, in fact, working. It would allow the bill to go into place for a whole year before that metric kicks in. I think it is a com-monsense amendment that actually gives us a chance to see whether the philosophy undergirding this legisla-tion is, indeed, justified. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chair, how 
much time remains? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Utah has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Chairman, to 
take a metric of the gross domestic product, the entire economy, and then have that be the weighted factor by what may happen to a dairy farmer, for instance, who is out there in Utah or Kansas or Colorado is not the way that we should be determining whether or not H.R. 50 is in place. 
If the economy is waning, if the econ-
omy is decreasing, if our production overall for our Nation is declining, that may be the very key indicator that we have thrust too many unfunded man-dates upon the little guy, the dairy farmer, the person who has got a trans-mission shop. It could be a whole host of things. It may be upon private prop-erty owners. It could be—you name it. 
Pretty much in this country, there 
are mandates that are thrust upon peo-ple, and they feel like they have no ability, no understanding why this hap-pens. They don’t feel like they have a voice in the process. 
So I stand in opposition to this 
amendment. So, to the overall gross economy, to say that we are just going 
to repeal that, H.R. 50, and get rid of our ability to ask people to consult, ask the government agencies to con-sult with local governments, to consult with private individuals, to talk to small businesses, we are going to just get rid of that because the economy is waning? 
b1515 
I would argue that part of the reason 
our economy hasn’t taken off is there are too many unfunded mandates. The government imposes these, and they don’t have a full understanding of what is causing these people to not hire more people, to invest more capital. 
So I stand in opposition to this. I ap-
preciate the gentleman who offered it, but I stand in opposition to this amendment. I would urge my col-leagues a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chair, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part C of House Report 114– 14 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 2 by Mr. C
UMMINGS  
of Maryland. 
Amendment No. 3 by Mr. C ONNOLLY  
of Virginia. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . CUMMINGS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C
UM-
MINGS ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 179, noes 245, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 61] 
AYES—179 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—245 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta 
Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.041 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H785 February 4, 2015 
Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Chu (CA) Duckworth Gutie´rrez Johnson (GA) 
Lee Lofgren Nunnelee 
Roe (TN) Young (AK) 
b1543 
Messrs. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
TURNER, HUELSKAMP, Mrs. BLACK-BURN, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia and Mr. CLYBURN changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C ON-
NOLLY ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 173, noes 249, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 62] 
AYES—173 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham 
Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—249 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis 
Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) 
Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Babin 
Chu (CA) Diaz-Balart Duckworth Gutie´rrez 
Jackson Lee Lee Lofgren Nunnelee 
Roe (TN) Young (AK) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1548 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama changed his 
vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chair, on roll call no. 62, 
Connolly Amendment, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.028 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H786 February 4, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. There being no 
further amendments, under the rule, the committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ESTMORELAND ) having assumed the 
chair, Mr. P OEof Texas, Acting Chair 
of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 50) to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 78, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with a further amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
further amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Mrs. BUSTOS. I am opposed in its 
current form. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Bustos moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 50 to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, with instructions to re-port the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 14. STOPPING SEXUAL PREDATORS, DOMES-
TIC VIOLENCE, AND RAPE. 
This Act, and the amendments made by 
this Act, shall not apply to, limit, or restrict any Federal agency mandate or action the purpose of which is to— 
(1) protect students and children from a 
person who has been convicted in any court of a sex offense against a minor; 
(2) prevent domestic violence by stopping 
persons from harassing, stalking, or threat-ening a spouse, family member, an intimate partner, or the child of an intimate partner; 
(3) prevent rape or sexual assault; or (4) require criminal background checks for 
school or other employees through a search of the National Crime Information Center, the FBI’s Integrated Automated Fingerprint Identification System, or the National Sex Offender Public Website. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, this is 
the final amendment to the bill. It will not delay or kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will proceed immediately to final pas-sage as amended. This amendment, Mr. Speaker, pre-
serves critical protections against sex-ual and domestic violence. We must not be so eager to eliminate regula-tions that we remove important pro-tections that keep our communities, our children, and our families safe from harm. 
The underlying bill would essentially 
stop or bog down all regulation. My amendment would provide exemptions from the bill so there is no interrup-tion in efforts to prevent sexual and domestic violence. 
This includes protecting children 
from convicted sex offenders and pre-venting domestic violence, including stalking. It also addresses rape and sexual assault and using Federal re-sources for background checks for school employees. 
On a personal note, before I came to 
Congress, I worked as an investigative news reporter, and my husband has spent his entire 30-year career in law enforcement and now serves as sheriff of Rock Island County, Illinois. Be-tween the two of us, we have come across far too many disturbing and real-life stories of sexual and domestic violence. 
I will always remember a case that I 
covered involving a little boy named Jerry Nelson. He was a small, defense-less child who was murdered in Henry County, Illinois, which is now in the congressional district that I serve. I am going to repeat that last line be-cause if you didn’t hear it, I hope you will take a listen here because this is what we are talking about in this amendment. 
When I was a news reporter, a case I 
remember most involved a 3-year-old child named Jerry Nelson. He was small. He was defenseless. He lived in an area called Henry County, Illinois, which is now the central part of the congressional district I serve. 
He was beaten. He was abused. He 
was terribly battered by his mother’s boyfriend, and this happened across the Mississippi River where I live but in the State of Iowa. 
When Jerry’s family moved across 
the Mississippi River into the State of Illinois, Iowa did not share its case file—despite having investigated this— with the Illinois authorities, and they were not require to do so. 
There was no mechanism in place for 
sharing the information. Jerry’s abuser would eventually sexually molest him and then murder him when he was just 3 years old. At that time, why this was so emotional for me is because he was the exact same age as my youngest child who today is 24 years old. 
When doctors examined little Jerry 
Nelson’s body, they found more than 20 bruises, a broken clavicle, and brain in-juries consistent with falling from a three-story building onto concrete. 
My commonsense amendment that I 
am telling you about right now would help prevent more children like Jerry from becoming victims of heinous crimes and unimaginable trauma. I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in opposition to the motion to recom-mit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Utah is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the body, thank the Speaker, and the process by which we did this. This bill came up in regular order in the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. We had a full and complete markup. That was followed by going to the Rules Committee. 
Every single amendment that was of-
fered at the Rules Committee was made in order, two Democrat amend-ments as well as the Republican amendment. We had good and lively de-bate about those, and we just voted on those amendments. I appreciate that. 
From my heart, I will tell you that I 
look forward to working with the gen-tlewoman from Illinois and everybody else in this body to attack and go after—defend the innocent and make sure that we attack domestic violence because it is so prevalent in every as-pect of our society, but I would suggest to you that this is the wrong amend-ment. 
What this does, it does not force the 
Federal Government to actually work with the individuals that are affected. What H.R. 50 does, what this bill does is to make sure that the Federal Gov-ernment consults with individuals, it consults with small businesses, those that are affected by mandates. 
I want the Federal Government—in 
fact, I would love to codify the idea that the Federal Government in this case and what you offer in the motion shouldn’t talk to these people, they should talk to them. We want them to talk to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. They should be the first people that they call. If you want to know what is happening in this country, go talk to the individuals who are affected by this. 
What this legislation, H.R. 50, does is 
to make sure that individuals are asked before; it makes sure that noth-ing is repealed. We don’t get to unilat-erally repeal things. I heard the word ‘‘repeal.’’ 
No, there are reports that we need to 
access and look at, and so if we truly want to get after domestic violence and these heinous crimes—these awful, hid-eous crimes—then you want to vote in favor of H.R. 50 and make sure that the Federal Government does go and con-sult with the victims of crime. 
I oppose this motion to recommit and 
vote in favor of H.R. 50 by Dr. F
OXX. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1600 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.047 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H787 February 4, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 239, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 63] 
AYES—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek 
Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Bass Chu (CA) Duckworth Gutie´rrez Lee 
Lofgren Nunnelee Roe (TN) Schock 
Young (AK) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1606 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
(By unanimous consent, Mrs. LOWEY 
was allowed to speak out of order.) 
MOMENT OF SILENCE AND PRAYER FOR THE VAL -
HALLA , NEW YORK , COMMUTER TRAIN ACCI -
DENT VICTIMS , THEIR FAMILIES , AND THE  
COMMUNITY  
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
evening, a commuter train struck an automobile at a grade crossing in Val-
halla, New York, resulting in the deaths of six people and many others injured. 
I stand on the House floor today with 
my colleagues to call for a moment of silence to honor those who lost their lives in this tragic accident and offer sincere condolences to the families of the victims, pray for the full recovery of those injured, and thank our first re-sponders for quickly arriving at the scene to help others. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 250, noes 173, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 64] 
AYES—250 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam 
Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\H04FE5.REC H04FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H788 February 4, 2015 
Perry 
Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott 
Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—173 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps 
Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Chu (CA) 
Conyers Duckworth Gutie´rrez Lee 
Lofgren Murphy (PA) Nunnelee Roe (TN) 
Young (AK) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1615 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, 
on rollcall No. 64 had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
Stated against: Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I inadvertently 
did not vote during Roll Call #64 on passage of H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Informa-tion and Transparency Act of 2015. Had I voted, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on Wednesday, February 4, 2015. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 59, and ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 60. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 61, ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 62, and ‘‘yea’’ on roll call vote 63. 
I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on roll call vote 64 
in strong opposition to H.R. 50, the Unfunded Mandates Information and Transparency Act of 2015. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote today because of a serious ill-ness in my family. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
Rollcall #59—YEA Rollcall #60—AYE Rollcall #61—NO Rollcall #62—NO Rollcall #63—NO Rollcall #64—AYE 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 279 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed from H.R. 279, to amend the Communications Act of 1934. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. 
f 
CLAY HUNT SAV ACT WILL SAVE 
VETERANS’ LIVES 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, those 
who sign up to serve and defend our country deserve our respect and sup-port when they return home. Sadly, there is a crisis in our country when it comes to our veterans’ health care. With an average of 22 veterans a day taking their own lives, we are failing them. 
That is why Congress took action to 
pass the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act so as to im-prove mental health care services and suicide prevention programs at the VA and at the Department of Defense. By establishing pilot programs to recruit and keep psychiatrists and to establish support networks for veterans, the Clay Hunt SAV Act will help service-members transition to life after the military. The bill is named after Clay Hunt, a brave soldier who served in both Iraq and Afghanistan. Tragically, Clay took his own life when he re-turned home. 
I want to thank my Minnesota col-
league, T
IMWALZ, for his leadership on 
this issue, and I encourage the Presi-dent to quickly sign this legislation into law and get our veterans the sup-port that they deserve. 
f 
THE PASSING OF CHARLIE 
SIFFORD 
(Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to note the passing of a great American. 
Golf pioneer Charlie Sifford died last 
night at the age of 92. Often called the ‘‘Jackie Robinson of golf,’’ Sifford wrote in his autobiography, ‘‘Just Let Me Play,’’ about his fateful meeting with the man who broke baseball’s color barrier: 
‘‘He asked me if I was a quitter,’’ 
Sifford wrote. 
‘‘I told him: ‘No.’’’ ‘‘He said: ‘If you’re not a quitter, 
you’re probably going to experience some things that will make you want to quit.’’’ 
Sifford experienced unspeakable acts 
of racial abuse, slurs, and threats as he became the first African American to play the PGA Tour. 
Born in Charlotte, North Carolina, in 
1922, Sifford worked as a caddie and dominated the all-Black United States Golfers Association, winning five straight national titles. He challenged the PGA’s Whites-only rule, and, in 1961, they rescinded it. Sifford won the Greater Hartford Open in 1967 and the Los Angeles Open in 1969. He also won the 1975 Senior PGA Championship. In 2004, he became the first African Amer-ican inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame. 
Last year, President Barack Obama 
awarded Sifford the Medal of Freedom, joining Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer as the only golfers to receive our Nation’s highest civilian honor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.020 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H787 February 4, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on the motion to recom-mit will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 239, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 63] 
AYES—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek 
Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—10 
Bass Chu (CA) Duckworth Gutie´rrez Lee 
Lofgren Nunnelee Roe (TN) Schock 
Young (AK) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1606 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
(By unanimous consent, Mrs. LOWEY 
was allowed to speak out of order.) 
MOMENT OF SILENCE AND PRAYER FOR THE VAL -
HALLA , NEW YORK , COMMUTER TRAIN ACCI -
DENT VICTIMS , THEIR FAMILIES , AND THE  
COMMUNITY  
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
evening, a commuter train struck an automobile at a grade crossing in Val-
halla, New York, resulting in the deaths of six people and many others injured. 
I stand on the House floor today with 
my colleagues to call for a moment of silence to honor those who lost their lives in this tragic accident and offer sincere condolences to the families of the victims, pray for the full recovery of those injured, and thank our first re-sponders for quickly arriving at the scene to help others. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 250, noes 173, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 64] 
AYES—250 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart 
Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam 
Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\H04FE5.REC H04FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H789 February 4, 2015 
Tiger Woods, one of the greatest 
golfers of all time, has often said he may have never taken up the game were it not for the courage, grace, and perseverance of Charlie Sifford. 
Mr. Speaker, Charlie Sifford was not 
a quitter. He was a hero. He was my hero. May he rest in peace. 
f 
WORLD CANCER DAY 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, today is 
World Cancer Day, a day to recognize the patients, survivors, caregivers, and those who raise awareness on their be-half. Cancer has touched every family and community in some way, and it is their stories that sustain the fight for increased funding for medical research. 
According to the World Health Orga-
nization, cancer has caused over 8.2 million deaths worldwide. By the end of 2015, more than 1.5 million new cases will have been diagnosed within the United States. 
Investing in medical research leads 
to advanced treatments and cures and has the potential to lower these dev-astating outcomes. It boosts the econ-omy through job creation and new dis-coveries, and it allows America to maintain its position as a global leader in the fight for a cure. Yet, in the last decade, funding to the National Insti-tutes of Health has been cut by nearly 25 percent. This is unacceptable. Last week, I reintroduced the Accelerating Biomedical Research Act with Rep-resentatives R
OSADELAURO and P ETER  
KING. It is a bill that invests in the 
fight against horrible disease. 
While today we recognize World Can-
cer Day, the goal must be to celebrate the day when we have a world without cancer. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
BUCK). The Chair announces the Speak-
er’s appointment, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1024(a) and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Mem-ber on the part of the House to the Joint Economic Committee: 
Mrs. M
ALONEY , New York 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE SITUATION IN OR IN RELA-TION TO CO ˆTE D’IVOIRE—MES-
SAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–6) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency, unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13396 of February 7, 2006, with re-spect to the situation in or in relation to Coˆte d’Ivoire is to continue in effect 
beyond February 7, 2015. 
The Government of Co ˆte d’Ivoire and 
its people continue to make significant progress in promotion of democratic, social, and economic development. The United States also supports the ad-vancement of impartial justice in Co ˆte 
d’Ivoire as well as the Government of Coˆte d’Ivoire’s efforts to prepare for a 
peaceful, fair, and transparent presi-dential election in 2015, which will be an important milestone in Co ˆte 
d’Ivoire’s progress. We urge all sides to work for the benefit of the country as a whole by rejecting violence and par-ticipating in the electoral process. 
While the Government of Co ˆte 
d’Ivoire and its people continue to make progress toward peace and pros-perity, the situation in or in relation to Co ˆte d’Ivoire continues to pose an 
unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign pol-icy of the United States. For these rea-sons, I have determined that it is nec-essary to continue the national emer-gency and related measures blocking the property of certain persons contrib-uting to the conflict in Co ˆte d’Ivoire. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , February 4, 2015. 
f 
A CALL TO ACTION—BORDER 
SECURITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Ar-izona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I really 
appreciate the opportunity today to spend some time with my colleagues to highlight an urgent and important issue that, quite frankly, should unite this body in a call to action. 
I represent Arizona’s Second Con-
gressional District, and that includes 80 miles of the southern border. Today, we are going to be talking about the importance of securing our border both in the south and in the north. My col-league here from New York will be speaking on that matter. We do have Chairman M
CCAUL here who will be 
joining us, but I have just a couple of lead-in comments. 
I have spent a lot of time down at the 
border with our border residents and ranchers, and I can tell you the border 
is not secure. These people are daily taking risks for their families, for their livelihoods. This is a public safety risk, and this is a potential national secu-rity risk. Although some efforts have been taken, our border is not secure. We now have the opportunity to have a call to action to take the measures that are important in order to secure the border once and for all, which is impacting, again, the residents of my community. 
I am grateful that a bipartisan group 
of Members of Congress came down to visit our southern border just 10 days ago. We had 20 Members, plus myself, so they could see firsthand what our ranchers and border residents are deal-ing with in Arizona. The group, under the leadership of Chairman M
CCAUL, 
whom I will ask to join us here in a minute, visited the San Diego sector, then came to our Tucson sector, and then moved on to also see the chal-lenges in Texas. We got to see firsthand what is going on in each of these dif-ferent sectors and to reinforce the fact that this is an urgent matter that we have to address. It should be a bipar-tisan and uniting issue. 
I have got lots of stories to share 
from the Tucson sector, but I have a number of colleagues who want to join in the conversation. I will first ask Chairman M
CCAULif he would like to 
join the discussion. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Let me thank my col-
league from Arizona for her great lead-ership. I think this House is well served to have the first female pilot who has served in combat. 
We thank you for your service, and I 
can probably tell a few more stories of bravery about you. I am very fortunate to have you on this committee. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an issue of grave 
importance to the Nation. As chairman of Homeland Security, when I go home, it is the number one issue, and the number one question I get back home is: Mr. Chairman, when are you going to secure that border? 
I believe we have an opportunity in 
this Congress to finally get this thing done and to get it done in the right way and the smart way. People say: Why is it so important? In 10 years in the Congress and as a Federal pros-ecutor prior to that in dealing with this issue, I have seen the scourge of drug cartels, of human trafficking, the poisoning of our kids with drugs, and the potential threat of a terrorist at-tack in the United States. I don’t want that on this Congress’ head. We do have an opportunity to act. We have a bill that was passed out of committee, and I think it does several things. 
One, it finally directs and tells the 
Department of Homeland Security how to get this mission done sector by sec-tor. As the gentlewoman knows, Ari-zona is very different from San Diego and is very different from Texas, which is where we saw 60,000 children crossing last summer. We know that a surge is probably on its way again if we don’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.053 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H790 February 4, 2015 
act in this Congress soon. We also 
know, with the spread of ISIS overseas, that the threat is real. 
With the event of the Jordanian’s 
being lit on fire yesterday, it is a wake- up call that we need to act and that we need to act soon in the Congress to pro-tect the American people. This is more than Homeland Security—it is national security. It is really not an immigra-tion issue. This bill is about securing the border in a smart way. 
When I was in Afghanistan and Paki-
stan, I met with General Allen. They didn’t really have much of a fence, but I said: ‘‘What is your border security with the Pak border?’’ They pointed to aerostats in the sky that could see for hundreds of miles that we saw on our recent trip down there. With the value of 100 percent visibility to see what is coming in and how to stop it, you can measure success, first of all, but you can respond to the threats in realtime. 
b1630 
In addition, the VADER technology, 
the radar on the Predator UAVs, is of tremendous value for a smart border. A lot of these assets were actually used in Afghanistan. We have already paid for these assets, and we want to rede-ploy those to the southwest border. 
We also fully fund the National 
Guard, which to our Governors—par-ticularly my Governor in the great State of Texas—is of vital interest and concern. We allow access to Federal lands for CBP, which, in the past, they have been denied; and we have a U.S. exit system set up—which the 9/11 Commission recommended, and to this day Congress has failed to act on that—to determine who is staying with visas legally and who is overstaying those visas like we saw with the hi-jackers on 9/11. 
At the end of the day, this is an im-
portant issue that has to get done. It is no longer time for lipservice; it is time for action on what I consider to be one of the most important Homeland Secu-rity issues facing this Nation. 
I just want to thank the gentlelady 
for holding this Special Order. I know we have members of the committee here who have great expertise, both Federal prosecutors, CIA, and other ex-periences to bring this issue to life. I hope we can do more of this in the fu-ture. 
The American people know this is an 
important issue. The problem is the Members of Congress have been tone deaf on this and have not gotten the job done. I would argue to my col-leagues who are listening to this and to the American people that now is the time to finally get the job done. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Thank you, Mr. 
Chairman. I really appreciate your leadership on this issue. I also want to thank you for coming to southern Ari-zona to my district to see firsthand what our border residents and ranchers are dealing with on a daily basis. I look forward to working with you on the committee to get this bill across the finish line and getting the strategy and 
the resources to those in the Border Patrol so that they can actually ad-dress the threat. 
Mr. M
CCAUL. If the gentlelady would 
just yield on this point, too, this is a bill not built from bureaucrats in Washington, down. This is a bill de-signed by talking to Border Patrol agents, to the border sheriffs who sup-port this bill, to the ranchers. What a great presentation we received from John Ladd and his father, Jack, in Ari-zona. 
I will never forget, when you had the 
press conference, John Ladd was say-ing: You know, for the first time, I have real hope. 
They said: Well, Members have come 
down here before. 
He said: Not this many and not of 
this caliber of leadership, and for the first time I have hope. 
I don’t want to let those ranchers 
down. I want to get this job done for the ranchers, the border sheriffs, and the agents who spend day in and day out in very tough conditions. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Thank you, Mr. 
Chairman. I appreciate it. 
Would my colleague from Pennsyl-
vania (Mr. P ERRY ) want to join the 
conversation? 
Mr. PERRY. Absolutely. I want to also extend my apprecia-
tion to you for bringing up this impor-
tant issue. I think this is going to kind of be a continuing conversation, at least for the next couple weeks, as we move forward into bringing this par-ticular bill and the legislation to the floor. 
With that, I was just thinking that in 
the last couple days I saw the Presi-dent on TV, and he asked a question: What kind of country do we want to be? 
I think you can think of that in a lot 
of different ways, but regarding the border, the President, while he says that, has preached over the years that he has made our Nation’s border more secure than ever. I just remember last year when he was literally saying that, we saw tens of thousands of unaccom-panied people coming across the bor-der, and all of America was saying to themselves: What are you talking about? How can you say that? 
The Border Patrol wasn’t stopping 
these people. They were greeting these people and bringing them into the country. You are thinking, maybe that is a great thing, but we don’t know who they are or what their intentions are, and you have no credibility, Mr. Presi-dent, when you say that. 
His statement is just supported by 
bloated statistics and a false sense of reality. I think most Americans under-stand that. As a matter of fact, the GAO recently found that only 44 per-cent of the southwest border was under operational control—44 percent. So 56 is just wide open apparently. Listen, that 44 percent, that is based on some best guess or some estimate because, believe it or not, they don’t even keep the records. Now, you know—you know as sure as 
you are watching this on TV or in the gallery or sitting at home thinking about it—that those Border Patrol agents and those sheriffs are keeping records of the things they do on a daily basis and a nightly basis, drove so many miles, picked up this many peo-ple coming across the border. 
What happens to that information? 
Guess what, folks? They don’t want us to have it. They don’t want the GAO to have it because then we would know that our back door is wide open. 
I mean, these gaps on the border lead 
to higher crime rates and unemploy-ment for American citizens. It is really no more complicated than your own home. Sure, you love your neighbor to your left and your right and the people that adjoin your home to the north and to the south, but that doesn’t mean that you leave your doors wide open for them to come in and go as they please at all hours of the day or night. 
We want to be a country that is de-
fined by who we are, and it requires protecting. If we are not going to de-fine our country in those ways, why de-fine it by having a border at all? That is what I think the President and many on the other side would propose, that we just abolish the borders. Well, guess what, folks? If we abolish the borders, we don’t have any country at all. 
I was thinking about another thing I 
heard recently. Over the last 6 years of the couple million jobs that were cre-ated in a downturn economy, almost all of them, statistically, were filled by people that weren’t born in this coun-try. Listen, it is great to have people come here and we need to have that policy, a smart policy, but our policy should be what works for America first, and securing our border and doing what works for America is the right thing to do. It is our duty. It is our oath. 
Now, people say: Well, why is it so 
important? 
Look at the crime rates. More than 
40 percent of all criminal cases initi-ated by Federal prosecutors were in districts that border Mexico. Is any-body surprised? Do you think that that doesn’t correlate to something? That means something, folks. I mean, the Governor of Texas, Rick Perry, stated more than 3,000 homicides were com-mitted by illegal immigrants in the last 6 years. 
Now, are we a nation of laws or 
aren’t we? If we are a nation of laws, what does it matter if you have a law that you are not going to enforce? Does it mean anything? The President has not executed the law for biometric exit. That is where we determine who you are, what you are doing here, and when you leave. Come legally, come across our border, but that is part of securing the border. But when it is time to go, it is time to go. If you want to stay, hey, that is great, but show up and let our government know that you are going to stay a little bit longer and what your purpose is. We don’t want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.055 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H791 February 4, 2015 
you to stay if your purpose is for some-
thing other than what it should be. 
The Congress has spoken, as a matter 
of fact, eight times passed a law requir-ing an exit system at all our ports; yet the executive branch, the one who exe-cutes the laws, has decided that is not important. They are just not going to do it. 
Folks, this puts us at a huge dis-
advantage. It makes us unsafe. We are not secure in our homes. We don’t have the peace of mind of knowing that we are safe in our homes. We don’t have the peace of mind of knowing that the people coming across the border are being screened for maybe diseases or criminal activity. 
There is a cost to that. There is a 
cost in lives. There is a financial cost to that in caring for people that get diseases that we have long eradicated in America that now come across the border unchecked because our border is wide open. That is why it is important to secure the border. 
It is important. Congress has spoken. 
Congress, the representative of the American people, has spoken eight times on this issue, and the President has just said: I can’t be bothered. He designates Federal lands, and our own agents can’t be on these Federal lands and do their job. 
I mean, who thinks that controlling 
the border and securing the border means being 50 miles off the border? I guarantee you, if you are in the com-bat zone securing your perimeter, your border—and the gentlelady knows what I am talking about because she has been there herself, as I have been there—you secure your perimeter and you watch your perimeter right on it, not just set up a little fence or draw a line in the sand and then head to the tent and hope nobody crosses it. That doesn’t work there, and it doesn’t work here. Yet that is what we are doing, and we are espousing it as though it was some kind of policy that is coher-ent and is realistic. It is not. 
Our agents want to do their jobs. 
They are excited to do the job, they are committed to do the job, and our Fed-eral Government literally is standing in the way and saying: Absolutely, you can’t do the job. 
We can get some assistance from our 
State and local, our National Guard, too. I have served on that mission as well. There is a lot of opportunity there to divide the duties and the re-sources and make this work that is cost effective. There is a lot of exper-tise from a military standpoint that can be used legally to help secure our borders, but, here again, the President can’t be bothered. Mr. Speaker, it is unconscionable. 
We need to keep track of these indi-
viduals with radical views. If the Presi-dent had enacted the biometric re-quirements that have been required by the United States Congress eight times, maybe the Tsarnaev brothers wouldn’t have had the ability to come to Boston and blow up people during the marathon. But we will never know 
because they just come and go as they darn well please to our country, and we don’t ask anything. How is that secur-ing the country? How is that good for America? 
Mr. Speaker, thanks again to the 
gentlelady for hosting this. This is an incredibly important subject that we need to be discussing, and it is great that we have some time on the House floor to discuss this. 
I hope what this does is it kind of 
gets the people that are watching this to say: Huh, maybe there is something to this. Maybe I should call my Rep-resentative. What does he or she think? How would he or she vote on such a border bill? Is there something missing in the bill, and is there some reason they wouldn’t support the bill, and what is that? What would I like, as an American, to see about my border? Should we be letting anybody that darn well pleases come across the bor-der unchecked to come into my com-munity and do whatever they would, take my job, harm my family, or do I want something more as an American? Where does my Representative stand? 
I think it is a great opportunity to 
call your Representative, write your Representative, email, talk to his staff and say: What does my Representative think of this? 
So I appreciate the opportunity. I ap-
preciate your leadership. I know, I have been to where you live. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. You know what we 
are dealing with. 
Mr. PERRY. Yes. I have flown on the Arizona border 
down there. I have crossed the border in Nogales, and I have been privileged to be there. America is not where it needs to be on this. The Congress is, but we need to pass a bill, and we need the President to execute it. 
I thank you very much for the oppor-
tunity. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Thank you, Mr. 
PERRY , and thank you for your sup-
port, again, of this urgent matter and the bill that we hopefully will be bring-ing before our colleagues as soon as possible, because every day that goes by is a day that our ranchers and bor-der residents are still dealing with this. 
Before I recognize my next colleague 
here, I just want to paint the picture of what we have seen go on in the dif-ferent sectors. In the early 1990s, the San Diego sector is really where most of the illegal activity, the transnational criminal organizations were just at will crossing into the San Diego sector. A lot was done there. 
We were visiting it 10 days ago. We 
got to see the new tactics, the re-sources, the fencing, the lights, the technology. The agents there are really able to squeeze the activity related in the San Diego sector. These are living organizations, these transnational criminal organizations that are traf-ficking in our communities and our neighborhoods, so they react. It is like squeezing a balloon. Guess what happened? They tight-
ened up in San Diego, and that meant that these organizations were now coming in and out of my community. The sector in Tucson put up some fenc-ing and other resources in more popu-lated areas around Nogales, but then that pushed the activity out into the rural areas where the Ladd ranch is that we visited. Mr. Chairman men-tioned Jack Ladd, third generation rancher, and John Ladd, fourth genera-tion rancher, with about 10 miles on the border right there. We got to see firsthand what they are dealing with. 
These organizations are nimble. They 
are going to respond and react, and they are going to move. As we create obstacles and we address in certain areas, they are going to move to other areas. What we have seen in the Tucson sector, from fiscal year 1998 up until fiscal year 2012, we have had the high-est number of apprehensions. We have had the highest number of assaults in the last couple of years. In the last few years, we have had the highest amount of marijuana seized. 
By the way, we don’t know what the 
denominator is, though. Apprehensions is the numerator, but we don’t know what the denominator is because our agents do not have full situational awareness. And you can just look at the price of drugs on the street. This is 
a supply-and-demand issue. If the cost is still low, which it is, it means that we are still not catching a whole lot that is trafficking in and out of these neighborhoods. 
So again, the potential for violence is 
up, and even though the numbers of ap-prehensions are down in the last few years, those that live on the border— and the Border Patrol has confirmed to me the types of people that are com-ing—are more the transnational crimi-nal organizations, the traffickers. It is drugs and people coming north and weapons and money coming south, and they have more of a criminal record, and the potential for danger is cer-tainly up. 
I do have some stories to share, but I 
know I have a number of colleagues who want to join the conversation, so I will yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). 
What, do you have, 800 miles? I only 
have 80. You have, I think, 800 in your district. 
b1645 
Mr. HURD of Texas. 820 miles of the 
border, from San Antonio to El Paso. 
I would like to thank the gentle-
woman for the time today and also for taking me to your district and seeing that part of the border. Our trip a few weeks ago was great, enlightening to me. 
I have spent a lot of time criss-
crossing those 820 miles of the border, and it was great to see how the San Diego sector and Tucson and my fellow Texans in McAllen are doing the same thing. 
As the gentlewoman knows, I spent 9 
years as an undercover officer in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.057 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H792 February 4, 2015 
CIA. I chased groups like al Qaeda and 
the Taliban. I have chased narcotraf-fickers all over the world, and the threat is increasing, and the threat is sophisticated. 
The drug trafficking organizations in 
Mexico are making $50 billion a year in the United States. That is a big num-ber. Their tactics, techniques, and pro-cedures are sophisticated, and we need to keep up. It is about moves and countermoves. 
What I like about this bill is it em-
powers our members of Border Patrol to do their job. A lot of people talk about border security. I like to refine it a little bit. Part of it is interdiction, stopping people before they get to the border. It is grabbing them, it is having them in custody, and then it is re-moval. This bill is focused on this first piece of border security which is inter-diction. 
We need to make sure that our men 
and women that are on the border every single day have the tools that they need in order to do their job. It is different in Tucson. It is different in Eagle Pass. It is different in San Diego. What I like about this bill that was de-veloped under the leadership of Chair-man M
CCAULis that it gives them that 
freedom and flexibility. 
Having spent a lot of time overseas, I 
know the disconnect between the field and headquarters, and that is going on right here on our border. We need to make sure that the guys and gals that are on the border have the tools that they need. 
This is a sophisticated threat, as you 
alluded to, using ultralight aircraft to deliver their payload. They are using tactics that intelligence organizations have used all across the world to do de-nial and deception. We need to make sure we have all the resources—things like the aerostats, things like radar technology, things like UAVs—in order to have that combined picture of the border. 
This is something that for 19 months, 
I talked to folks in the district. I know, like you, this was a very important issue. The American people sent us up here to do our job, and our job is to protect our citizens and to protect our homeland. This bill does it. It is a strong bill, and I look forward to work-ing over these next few days and weeks in order to make this happen. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Thank you, Mr. 
HURD. Again, thank you for your lead-
ership on this issue as well. It is great to be working together with individ-uals who have operational experience and understand what it takes to get the job done, so I look forward to work-ing with you. 
Mentioning the ultralights, I was 
with our CBP team for several hours a couple of weekends ago and was actu-ally on a Black Hawk getting an aerial tour of the border. We tried to inter-cept an ultralight. We had a radar hit. 
We went over to the area. The chal-lenge there is these things are small specks, and you don’t have any sense of what altitude they are flying at. We looked around. We were eyes in 
the sky. We were trying to find them. As quickly as we have a last radar hit, they pack up, they are out of there, or they are flying back low over the bor-der, and we can’t find them. We don’t know what they have dropped and where. 
These are some of the challenges that 
our agents have out there in trying to address this threat. It is a very nimble and sophisticated cartel, transactional criminal organizations that are react-ing to us. They are much more nimble than we are. 
My colleague, Mr. K
ATKO from New 
York, if you want to share your per-spectives. 
Mr. KATKO. I want to thank the gen-
tlewoman from Arizona for her wonder-ful career serving our country. You are serving your country in a much dif-ferent capacity now, but I want to honor you for what you have done for your country in the past. I also want to thank you for taking a leadership role tonight and having this session so we can discuss the border security bill in more detail. 
I also want to thank Chairman 
M
CCAUL for his great leadership and 
his ability and desire to empower the young Congressmen and Congress-women, such as you and I, to take lead-ership roles with respect to the Home-land Security Committee. 
I talk about the border security bill 
from a law enforcement perspective. For the last 20 years, before I came to Congress, I was a Federal prosecutor for the United States of America in the Department of Justice. 
I started my career in 1994 and, soon 
thereafter, was sent to the southwest border in El Paso, Texas, as part of the Southwest Border Initiative. Back then, it was just simply to try and stem the incredible tide of drugs com-ing across the border. When I got there, I was stunned to see how wide open the border was. To my understanding, it remains so to this day. 
When I was down there, I was pros-
ecuting cartel-level drug trafficking cases. We could get on the roof of the U.S. attorney’s office and look across the border and see a cartel member’s house on a bluff overlooking the United States. It was wide open, and it re-mains so. 
It was dangerous for Border Patrol. It 
was dangerous for people living along the border. In some respects, it has be-come even more dangerous for ranchers and law-abiding citizens. 
After a few years there and getting 
great experience and great perspective, I was sent to Puerto Rico to do similar drug trafficking prosecutions and orga-nized crime cases, and I saw a different perspective, that of being 500 nautical miles from Colombia. 
My first day in Puerto Rico, the Fed-
eral building’s parking lot was lined with boats that were seized that were smuggling hundreds of kilos of cocaine at a time across the 500-mile strait from Colombia. The last 16 years have been in Syra-
cuse, New York, in the northern dis-trict of New York, where we have 300 miles of border with our brothers and sisters to the north in Canada. 
While it is definitely a different dy-
namic than being on the southwest border, the fact remains that less than 4 percent of the Canadian border with the United States is secure. It is wide open. It varies from the northern plains in the Central United States to the Northeast, where there are several major cities along the border with the United States, and that brings a dif-ferent problem. 
In the northern district, over the last 
16 years, we have dedicated several in-dividual prosecutors to deal with noth-ing but alien smuggling, illegal entry cases, and major league drug cases on the northern border. We have well- worn smuggling routes in our district, well-worn alien smuggling routes. 
In addition to alien smuggling, we 
have major drug trafficking from the north coming down south, that being hydroponic marijuana. It is a multibil-lion-dollar a year industry in Canada. 
That comes south. 
It has developed now that cocaine is 
going north. The Canadian drug traf-fickers have hooked up with the Mexi-can cartels, and cocaine is coming north through our district. Guns are going north. Contraband cigarettes are going north. Like I said, many eth-nically based alien smuggling rings are in our district. 
I say all that to point to the fact that 
there is a problem on the northern bor-der as well. Everything that is being prescribed in this bill for the southwest border and the southern border is being prescribed for the northern border. 
The prescription for the northern 
border is based on discussions with Border Patrol and the different sectors throughout the northern United States, just like they did in the south-west border in the pieces of legislation regarding that. 
It is the first time in 20 years of 
being a prosecutor that I saw a bill that actually looks like it is addressing the problem altogether, at once, and that is critically important. 
While I was running for this office, I 
made it clear that my opinion is that we need full immigration reform, but any immigration reform has to start with securing our borders. It is fool-hardy to do anything other than that. 
This is the first step towards immi-
gration reform, and I wholly applaud it. I do not think this bill is unduly burdensome to travelers coming to and from the United States on the northern border. We have many. To the extent there are burdens, we will address those. 
I do say that, moving forward, this is 
the right bill, it is at the right time, and I applaud everyone who is sup-porting it, and I hope that we can get this passed. 
A related bill to that, which I have 
submitted to Congress and will be con-
sidered as early as next week, is a northern border threat assessment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.058 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H793 February 4, 2015 
It has become clear to me that the 
northern border has not had a threat assessment done in a detailed fashion like it needs to be done, so this bill simply orders a threat assessment to be done and a report back to us to see if there is any additional legislation or funding needed to address concerns along the northern border. 
In short, we don’t know the extent of 
the threat in the northern border, and this bill will help us. With those two bills combined—particularly the border security bill—I am confident that we can get a handle on the problems on both sides of the border, north and south. 
I applaud you for your efforts. I ap-
plaud everyone else who is supporting the bill. I echo the sentiments of my colleagues before me, and I urge the good citizens of the United States to contact their leaders and ask that this bill get passed. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Thank you, Mr. 
KATKO , for your leadership and the 
great experience you are bringing to Congress. It is wonderful to have a freshman class with people like you. You bring a unique experience. You also remind us it is not just the south-ern border, so thanks for your great ad-ditions to the bill. 
Next, I will invite Mr. C
ARTER from 
Georgia to join in the conversation. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Thank you 
very much. Let me begin by compli-menting you and applauding your ef-forts, the gentlewoman from Arizona. Your leadership in this has been in-
valuable. We appreciate it very much. You have taken a leading role in this. 
I also want to compliment and ap-
plaud the chairman of Homeland Secu-rity, Chairman M
CCAUL, for his tenac-
ity in assuring that this gets done. 
For most of us, when we go home and 
we talk about illegal immigration or we talk about the terrorists or the threat of terrorism or when we talk about drug smuggling, the one thing that our constituents say is: Secure the border. Secure the border. 
That is always the first thing they 
say, regardless of what we are talking about, whether it is illegal immigrants, whether it is terrorism, the threat of terrorism. They always say that first, and it is very important. 
Now, I will be quite honest with you. 
I am from south Georgia, and I don’t get out a whole lot. In fact, quite hon-estly, this is the first time I have ever been to the southwest border. I have never been to California before I went on this trip. I have never been to Ari-zona. Although I have been to Texas, I have never been to the Rio Grande, so it was an eye-opening experience for me. 
Before I went there, I think that I 
was like most of my constituents and like many Americans. I would watch what is happening on TV, and I would holler at the TV: Build a fence. Build a fence. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Right. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Well, after 
you visited and after you talked to the Border Patrol agents, after you talked 
to the ranchers, after you talked to the local officials, you realize that in each sector, that is not necessarily the an-swer—that in certain sectors, yes, a fence is needed, but in other areas, in other sectors, that is not what is need-ed. 
We need more technology. We need 
boots on the ground. Those are the types of things we need in certain sec-tors, and that was eye opening. That was one of the takeaways that I had from this trip. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. I wanted to point to 
one of the visuals we have here. Again, this is from the area in my sector where you can see we do have a fence, but the area that is cut out here in the middle is where the cartels very quick-ly come up, and they cut it out, and they are across that border in a minute or 2 minutes, maximum. 
I will give some other examples later, 
but this is just a visual example of the fence delays the activity, as you saw when you came to visit, but it is not the answer to build a fence and then walk away because they are smart, they are resourceful, they are adaptive, and they are very quickly getting through many different types of fenc-ing, both pedestrian and vehicle fences. 
Thanks for bringing that up. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Well, thank 
you. That was the first takeaway I had. 
The second takeaway I had from this 
trip was, for most of us, when we think of the southwestern border, we just think about illegal immigration, but it is much, much more than that. 
When you think about the drug car-
tels that are in Mexico, south of us, when you think about the drug smug-glers that are bringing those drugs poi-soning our children, poisoning families, ruining families, when you think about that, when you think about the ter-rorism threat we face as a nation, that shows you just how porous our borders are and just how important this issue is. 
Again, that is why this bill is so im-
portant—because it addresses that. Yes, it addresses fencing, and it calls for fencing where fencing is necessary. It addresses boots on the ground. It helps us to bolster the number of peo-ple and the number of agents that we have in certain areas, and we need that. It also takes into consideration technology. It utilizes the resources that we have. 
It is a smart bill. It is a good bill. It 
is a vital bill—a vital bill—to our na-tional security. That is why I am glad I went on the trip. It was very edu-cational, very eye opening to me. 
I am supporting this bill. I hope that 
my colleagues will support this bill. It is essential and vital to our national security. 
Again, thank you, the gentlewoman 
from Arizona, for the work that you are doing, and thank you to Chairman M
CCAUL. 
Ms. M CSALLY. Again, thank you, 
Mr. C ARTER , for your comments. Again, thanks for coming to visit my commu-
nity and listening to the residents there that are dealing with this, having that ear and coming back as an advo-cate and a leader on this issue. Thanks for supporting this bill. I really appre-ciate it. 
Mr. P
ALMER from Alabama, would 
you like to join the conversation? 
Mr. PALMER. I would. I want to 
thank the gentlewoman from Arizona for the work you have done on this. I know this has been—I don’t want to say a labor of love, but you have an in-credible sense of urgency, I think per-haps more than anyone that I have been involved with, a sense of how im-portant this is. 
I want to talk a little bit about the 
fence. Like the gentleman from Geor-gia, I have been to the border before but not in the context of examining our border security. I am a strong pro-ponent of the fence. I have been all along. 
What this trip opened my eyes to is 
the fact that the fence by itself is not enough. It is an impediment. One of the things that was impressed upon me on 
this trip was the sophistication of the cartels and the people across the bor-der in breaching our fence and breach-ing our security. 
b1700 
There is some pretty serious engi-
neering going on here. When we were in San Diego, for instance, we saw where we have double-layer fencing. We have got the metal mat, landing mat fence on the Mexico side. We have got the high, the heavy gauge fence with the razor wire at the top on the U.S. side. 
They are using hardened blades for 
laser saws. It literally takes 1 minute to cut through there. All along that fence you saw where it was patched and what the border patrol calls doggy doors. They cut it out in three places, push it open, and they are through. 
The interesting thing is there, you 
have got 3 million people in Tijuana on the Mexico side, and you have got 3 million in San Diego. Almost the minute they are through, they are as-similated. 
But the thing that is going on there 
is the cooperation between local law enforcement, the Coast Guard, the Bor-der Patrol, and how diligent they are to be there immediately once that line is breached to interdict that. 
They have been so effective at it that 
they are now pushing these folks off-shore. They are using the panga boats now, and the Coast Guard, working with the Border Patrol and local law enforcement, have been so good at interdicting that they are forcing them up the coast of California. That is not the case in Arizona. 
What people need to understand is 
that just building the fence and pulling back and thinking that is going to stop them—I don’t care how high we build it, how wide we build it, how many lay-ers we have; if we don’t have people in forward operating positions to inter-dict these people when they are staging 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.059 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H794 February 4, 2015 
to come across, we are not going to 
stop them. 
The picture that you are showing 
there next to you is the fence in Ari-zona, and the attention was drawn to where they had cut through the mesh there. That is not the thing that got my attention. 
If you will notice there, those are 6- 
inch I-beams supported by 6-inch chan-nel. That is quarter-inch carbon steel. That is all along that border. 
They came along there, with these 
hardened blades, laser saws, cut through the I-beam, cut through the channel, folded it over, ramped over, and drove trucks over it. 
Now, this was not reported in the na-
tional media. I am not sure that there was any discussion about it from this administration. It was the local media that picked up on it. The ranchers know about this. 
But I think—and you can correct me 
if I am wrong—but I think they said there have been 47 vehicles that crossed over that. These are pickup trucks loaded with drugs and other items, contraband, whether it is guns or drugs or human trafficking. But that is the issue. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. If the gentleman will 
yield, I will elaborate a little bit on 
that. That was on Mr. Ladd’s ranch less than two weeks ago, where we saw that, and they showed where they ramped over. 
According to Mr. Ladd, there have 
been 47 drive-throughs on his ranching area in the last about 2
1⁄2years. 
That particular case was caught by 
the Sierra Vista police, which is a town a little bit further inland, because the truck just didn’t look right. It was weighed down. Its wheels looked a lit-tle funny, and they got about $600,000 worth of marijuana, 2,000 pounds of marijuana they caught on that vehicle alone. So that is just an example of what is happening. 
Mr. PALMER. Well, think about the 
staging that had to take place for that, that a vehicle that heavy, to be able to cross that fence, obviously—and the in-teresting thing is they used our own I- beam and channel to support the ramps that would bear that weight for that truck to get over it. 
This is not a static situation. Just 
building the fence is not enough. We have got to have the aerial surveil-lance, the unmanned aircraft, the aerostats. 
Looking into Mexico and seeing the 
staging that takes place for an oper-ation like that to take place—you have been in the military, you understand this—that if you are going to—it lit-erally looked like a military operation where they cut this down and ramped over it and drove over it. 
If we are looking into Mexico and see 
that, we need people in forward oper-ating bases that can react imme-diately, not 20 minutes later, not 30 minutes later, because they are already over and gone. 
So this has got to be a combination 
of things. I am fine with the fence. We can build the fence as high and wide 
and as long as we want to, but we have got to be able to interdict. 
We have got to be able to see them 
staging, because they are not carrying ramping material on their backs for 3 or 4 miles to the fence. This happened fairly close to the fence, and we should have been able to see that and stop it. 
The other issue is the morale, and 
the fact that we don’t—that we are not doing anything about catch and release has really hurt the morale, I think, with our law enforcement and with our Border Patrol. 
And it definitely has hurt the morale 
of the ranchers. My heart really goes out to those guys. They have been there through many generations. They have put in their blood, sweat, and tears in this. And it is not just that they love their ranch. They love their country, and it was very evident in what they had to say. 
I think it is incumbent upon us, as 
Members of Congress, to do our duty to protect the border. 
And the other thing, again, going 
back to the morale, it is different in San Diego, it is different in Arizona, it is different in Texas. What we need to do—and I am very, very grateful for the work that is being done to bring alongside this bill an enforcement bill. 
We have got to do this, I think, in a 
way that makes sense to the American people. Build the fence, secure the bor-der, but have the right enforcement that goes along with this, that makes the work that our Border Patrol is doing worthwhile. When they catch the bad guys they need to be able to—there ought to be some consequences for it. 
Earlier, Mr. P
ERRY from Pennsyl-
vania made this point about, when are you forward-deployed in a combat zone, you secure your perimeter. There are consequences if you cross that perim-eter a little more lethal than they would be here, but, in all honesty, we have got to do these things together. 
I applaud you for the work you are 
doing. It is extremely important, and I look forward to working with you on this. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Thank you, Mr. 
PALMER . I appreciate it. 
Just to elaborate a little bit on what 
my colleague was talking about, the challenge we have—the men and women in Border Patrol are doing the best they can. They are my constitu-ents as well. I really appreciate them every day putting on the uniform and doing the job they are doing. 
But the strategy is not working for 
those who live in these rural areas near the border, and we need a strategy that pushes our intelligence deeper south of the border, using intelligence-driven operations, so that we can use some of these airborne assets and radars in order to detect the cartel activity, de-tect the movement, monitor the move-ment. 
Then these forward operating bases 
are critical. The bill—in consultation with the chairman, they agreed to add in two forward operating bases in Tuc-
son to get the Border Patrol operating right at the border so that we can ei-ther prevent the activity or they can very quickly respond to it when they see a breach happening, a challenging response time if they are further inland or in some of the tougher terrain. 
So some of the things that I added 
into an amendment to address this issue are related to the fact that right now they are focused on defense in depth. So sometimes we are seeing mules and traffickers—and I will show a picture here—oftentimes, 30, 40, 50 miles inland. 
This is just one example of mules 
with packs on their backs. So they are trafficking across private property while they are moving into the defense in-depth strategy, and that is just not working. 
So we have got to get the Border Pa-
trol closer to the border. I offered an amendment. I am glad the committee agreed to it, to get the Border Patrol closer to the border, have them patrol-ling on the south side of John Ladd’s ranch and not on the north side. 
Have those forward operating bases 
manned to the max extent possible and also developing a quick reaction capa-bility, so that when we see the activity happening, they can quickly get—espe-cially in these areas of tough terrain— to stop the activity or intercept it as soon as possible when it comes over the border; because this, again, if they are coming through Mr. Ladd’s ranch and some of the other ranchers’, they don’t know who it is. They don’t know if they are armed. They don’t know what their intentions are, and it puts them at risk on a daily basis 
Mr. PALMER. If the gentlelady 
would yield, I would like to add one other thing to that. 
This bill would allow access through 
Federal lands, and it has created a 
huge impediment for Border Patrol in the interdiction of people like this, whether they are coming across on foot or coming across in vehicles, if our Border Patrol do not have access to roads through Federal land. So that is another very important component of this bill. 
And then, last thing. Down in Texas 
we have got this Caruso cane on the banks of the river that basically is a natural hiding place for people who are crossing the river. We have got to allow our Border Patrol to take what-ever measures are necessary to elimi-nate those type of natural hiding places and barriers to interdiction. 
So all of this is extremely important. 
I am glad you put that picture up be-cause I don’t think people fully appre-ciate, when you talk about people bringing drugs across the border, the massive amounts that can cross just on the backs of individuals. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Exactly. Thank you, 
Mr. P ALMER . 
Now I yield to my colleague from 
California (Mr. D ENHAM ). 
Mr. DENHAM. I thank the gentle-
woman from Arizona for yielding. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.060 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H795 February 4, 2015 
was a pleasure to travel to your south-
ern border. I have traveled to the southern border of California many times. And as we saw on the entire bor-der security trip, our entire southern border is very different depending on which State and which area of the State that you are in. 
In my home State of California, we 
saw the jet skis that were coming along the surf that were bringing in a couple of illegal aliens at the time. We have got to be able to address that from a Coast Guard perspective. 
And when you have double fencing in 
those high urban areas, we saw the Vietnam landing strips that, at one time, were a very good piece to add along border security when we had nothing. But now we have got to re-place that with new fence that will allow our Border Patrol agents to actu-ally see through and address it when there is a weakened area in that fence. 
We have got to go much further. 
Along the California border we also have a number of mountains and even cliffs where we have to address the bor-der differently. And in your area, we saw where a truck was able to cut through, while you had a big fence, was able to cut through that fence and ac-tually go across the border into your area, which is why we need the VADER technology. 
We saw some of the technology that 
is being redeployed from Afghanistan, and with that infrared technology, we actually saw individuals coming across the border. 
But with the VADER technology, we 
can actually see 150 miles. So you would see people actually lining up on the border or preparing to bring drugs across. 
Now we can actually work with our 
counterparts in Mexico to actually go and address it from their perspective before it even gets on to American soil. 
So there is much more that we can 
do, both with technology that is com-ing back from Afghanistan, coming back from Iraq, as well as new tech-nology that will give the American public the assurance that we have the measurements and metrics in place to secure our border. 
Part of our challenge right now is 
not knowing how many people are com-ing across. If you never know how many people are coming across, you can never address how many you are actually catching, and the metrics are on how many people are actually com-ing into our country. 
If we are going to have a full debate 
on immigration, we have to first give the American public the sense and the security that we need and deserve, and this bill will do just that. 
We have to do it now. We can no 
longer wait until there is another surge of 50 or 60,000 unaccompanied minors or family units that are coming across the Texas border, where they are just hopping in a boat, going 100 yards, and stepping on American soil and then looking for refuge. We have to send that message across 
Central America, across South Amer-ica, that we are actually sending the message that our borders are secure, and this isn’t going to just be an auto-matic path during the summer months across that river. 
Many things we can do. Many things 
we need to do. This bill will give us the measurements and metrics to secure our border. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Thank you, Mr. 
DENHAM . I appreciate you coming to 
visit our district to see that firsthand, and I look forward to working with you as well on getting this bill across the finish line. 
One thing I think is important for 
those who are watching to know is we have had a variety of people speak in support of this bill. Often we have dif-ferent views on some other topics or even what we should be doing as we are addressing some of the other chal-lenges related to immigration. But we are all in agreement on one thing, which is we need to secure the border; that this is an urgent issue. 
Across the spectrum, this is some-
thing that unites those of us within the conference, and really should unite this body. 
I know my community is a very split 
district politically, but everyone agrees, whether they are Democrat, Independent or Republican, they want their family to be safe and secure. They want their community to be safe and secure, and this bill does that. 
So it is time that we work together 
to get this thing passed. So thank you, Mr. D
ENHAM . 
I will continue to tell a few stories 
here from my district that I do want to share. 
Mr. P
ERRY , I yield for just a minute. 
I do have a number of things I do want to share before we wrap up. 
Mr. PERRY. We want to make sure 
that we get all the information out about this. As I said, the GAO’s best es-timate, I think, is about 56 percent of the border is not secured. 
Another thing to mention about this 
bill is that we are looking for 100 per-cent. Now, we understand, just like law enforcement, they don’t catch every criminal, and sometimes prisoners es-cape from prison, but we expect the warden to secure the prison, and the plan is to keep everybody in prison in prison. 
But with this bill we expect 100 per-
cent, and it is important to note that the other side would have us diminish that standard. 
b1715 
Right now, GAO is saying that 50 per-
cent of the border is unmonitored and not secured. We actually have people in this Congress saying let’s lessen the standard that we have currently right now, and the best we can get is 50-some percent. 
I don’t know who in their life plans 
to fail, doesn’t plan to exceed and do the maximum. Whether it is showing up for work on time or anything you 
endeavor in, nobody shoots for below the bar. You shoot for the best. Yet in this endeavor, we have people literally in this Congress who are saying let’s actually do less than we can do—actu-ally, let’s do less than we are doing right now. So that seems to fly in the face of what every single American, re-gardless of your positions on other things, feels about securing the border. 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Thank you so much. I 
appreciate it, Mr. P ERRY . 
Again, I have about 10 minutes to 
wrap up here. I do want to tell some stories related to the level of activity in the district and how it is impacting real people in southern Arizona and their families and the threat that has been increasing. 
For those who are not aware, Rob 
Krentz is a rancher in my district, and he was killed. He was murdered on his own ranch in 2010. This is as it was re-ported by The Arizona Republic: 
On a breezy spring morning, a red ATV 
rolled across southeastern Arizona’s border badlands beneath the mystical Chiricahua Mountains. A gray-haired rancher in classic cowboy attire—jeans, boots, denim vest, and shirt—was at the wheel, accompanied by his dog, Blue. 
Robert Krentz, 58, was checking stock 
ponds and water lines on the 35,000-acre spread not far from where Apache leader Ge-ronimo surrendered to the U.S. cavalry. The Krentz clan began raising cattle there more than a century ago, shortly before Mexican Revolution leader Pancho Villa prowled nearby. In modern times, the sparsely popu-lated San Bernardino Valley, bordering New Mexico and Senora, became a magnet for bird watchers and a haven for smugglers. 
Krentz pulled to a stop, as he noticed a 
man apparently injured. The rancher made a garbled radio call to his brother, Phil—some-thing about an illegal alien hurt; call Border Patrol. It was about 10:30 a.m., March 27, 2010. 
What happened that morning as shots 
echoed across the grassy range would roil Arizona politics and fuel the U.S. immigra-tion debate for years to come. 
One day earlier, Phil had put Border Patrol 
agents onto a group of suspected drug run-ners on the family’s land, resulting in eight arrests and the seizure of 200 pounds of mari-juana. 
After Krentz’s broken radio transmission, 
family members almost immediately launched a search. 
And also neighbors. There were other 
ranchers in the area that started this search, trying to track the killers, and they enlisted help to track the foot-steps south. 
Rob was found just before midnight, his 
body lying on the ground with his feet still inside the all-terrain vehicle. Two 9-milli-meter slugs had fatally penetrated his lungs. Another bullet wounded his dog, which had to be euthanized. Krentz carried a rifle and pistol in his Polaris Ranger but apparently never got a chance to use them. After being shot, he managed to drive about 1,000 feet be-fore collapsing. 
The only immediate sign of an assailant 
was a set of footprints. Trackers followed them nearly 20 miles south to Mexico, where the trail vanished. 
His murderers have never been 
caught to this day. Rob Krentz’ family deals with this grief and deals with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.061 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H796 February 4, 2015 
fear of the border not being secured 
and what is going to happen next to them. This is very real in southern Ari-zona. 
In 2010, Brian Terry, a Border Patrol 
agent, was also murdered by smugglers in our district. 
On December 14, 2010, Border Patrol Agents 
William Castano, Gabriel Fragoza, Timothy Keller, and Brian Terry demonstrated ex-treme bravery while facing a lethal threat from a superior number of armed subjects suspected of trafficking drugs in the area. 
And I am reading from a citation, 
where he earned the 2010 Congressional Badge of Bravery. 
All four agents were operating as members 
of a small four-man rural assault element tasked with interdicting armed suspects op-erating west of the town of Rio Rico, Ari-zona. This four-man element had occupied a remote interdiction site consisting of rug-ged, steep, and difficult terrain for a period of 48 hours without relief. 
At approximately 11 p.m., the team was 
alerted to at least five suspects moving into the interdiction zone. Without regard for in-dividual safety, the small team maneuvered into a position to interdict and apprehend the five individuals passing directly in front of them. As the agents identified themselves, suddenly and without warning, the subjects opened fire on them. Placing themselves at great risk of serious physical injury or death, all four agents bravely stood their ground in an attempt to provide vital protec-tion for their teammates. 
During the short and horrific gun battle, 
Agent Brian Terry sustained a fatal injury. Realizing that Agent Terry had been injured, the team, without hesitation, continued to selflessly place themselves in harm’s way by attempting to provide lifesaving techniques for Agent Terry and providing perimeter se-curity, preventing the assailants from ma-neuvering on their position. One of the sus-pects was wounded during the incident and was ultimately taken into custody. 
Brian Terry is a hero. Rob Krentz 
was on his property when he was mur-dered. Brian Terry was brutally mur-dered. 
Let me tell you another story, one of 
rancher Kelly Glenn Kimbro, a fourth generation rancher. I am reading from an email that she sent to me in June, just an incident that she had on her ranch east of Douglas. 
A couple of days ago, I was driving from 
the Malpai Ranch to Douglas on Geronimo Trail. At mile marker 11, I could see motion ahead of me in the road; and as I approached, 13 men formed a barricade with their bodies across the road. I slowed and tried to pass on the right. They moved right. I had locked my doors as I approached and my windows were up. 
Knowing that I had to either run over sev-
eral of them, I stopped. They immediately surrounded my truck. Two fellows stood in front of my truck with their hands on the hood, holding me in place. Several guys started to climb onto the running boards and into the back. One was rummaging around my tools. I was thinking that if he proceeded to break a window that I would possibly use my pistol. I was not sure if I was being hi-jacked or what. 
Think about it. This is a woman 
alone in her truck, with 13 men stop-ping her in her tracks. 
I put my window down a couple inches and 
told them to get back. They started talking English. They were frantic to have me take 
them to the ‘‘police.’’ They stated they were from India. I talked them out of my truck and back onto the side of the road, promised them I would, no doubt, call Border Patrol, and they let me leave. 
Yep, scared me for a few minutes. 
Let me tell you, Kelly Glenn Kimbro 
is a tough woman. She is a rancher. She is a mountain lion hunter. She is 
cool under pressure. How would you be-have in that circumstance? 
The challenge that she has—and she 
has got an 18-year-old daughter who often drives home alone. They are hav-ing to make life-and-death decisions. How did she know that they were not armed? How did she know what their intentions were? And if she decided to hit the gas and did harm them, then they would be questioning her actions because they were, in fact, unarmed. 
This is just the type of circumstances 
that these people are dealing with, just living in their own homes, just going in and out of their own community, just traveling to the store and going about their business. 
There are a couple of other stories. Gary Thrasher is a rancher and vet-
erinarian who has worked and prac-ticed in Cochise County since 1984. Over the past 30 years, he has seen how border security issues have led to dra-matic changes in the county’s way of life. 
Gary lives about 3 miles from the 
border. Over the past 4 years, 11 of his ranch family clients have sold out, and that has had a big economic impact on his practice as well. They have just de-cided to give up. They can’t afford to ranch in the area under this danger anymore. Many of those families have just said that they can’t deal with the threats and the anxieties of life along the U.S.-Mexico border; and for the ranchers who remain, it has become in-creasingly hard to find people who want to work on their ranch near a border that is constantly crossed with these transnational criminal organiza-tions. 
Another rancher shared, anony-
mously, that he has got a couple of houses, one 2 miles and one 40 miles from the border, and he has got far more trouble at the house 40 miles from the border. He has had, according to him, 15 to 16 break-ins, home inva-sions, and one of them was just 3 weeks ago. 
One last story from another rancher. 
He and his son, they said they left the ranch. Someone broke in, stole food, and then they left. The next day, they saw individuals moving north. The son pursued them, and the Border Patrol then captured them. It turned out, ac-cording to this rancher, that, after breaking into his ranch, they broke into a hunter’s property and stole a weapon. The pistol was ditched before they were caught but connected back to them. Who knows what their inten-tions were. 
This is the challenge that these peo-
ple have. 
The rancher talked with the migrant 
criminal. And he said he admitted to being a lifetime criminal and a repeat 
offender. He is just used by these traf-fickers going back and forth. He was detained for 2 days, and he wasn’t charged with weapons charges or mul-tiple entries, and he was sent back to Mexico, again, to probably be used by these transnational criminal organiza-tions. 
This is very real to southern Arizona. 
The transnational criminal organiza-tions are daily trafficking. 
There is another photo I have right 
here, and you can see on the other side of the photo, a number of individuals that are just mules. They are packing drugs, and they are just going through their property. 
There are other photos I have here 
related to some of the ranchers who— there is just no fence. Again, as we talked about earlier, the fence is not the only solution, but fencing will at least delay the activity. This is just one of the rancher’s pictures of just a barbed wire fence that is easy to be cut through on foot or with a vehicle. 
So I am urging my colleagues to pass 
this border security bill. I am urging those who are listening to please con-tact your Members of Congress in the House and the Senate. Let’s not play politics with securing our border. Now is the time. 
These ranchers have put up with this 
for decades. They have cooperated with Border Patrol. Border Patrol is doing the best they can, but we have got to change the strategy, and we have got to address this issue. It should be a bi-partisan issue and something that unites us. Let’s get the job done so we can protect the people of southern Ari-zona, the people of Texas, the people living in other border communities, and our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, I thank the leader for allowing me to be a designee for this moment in time. 
I am also very appreciative for this 
special time. This is Black History Month, and it is a very special month in the life of African Americans. But if the truth be told, it is a special month in the life of all Americans because Black history is American history. 
I had the opportunity just a couple of 
nights ago to appear on the floor with a couple of my colleagues, the Honor-able D
ONALD PAYNE , JR., from New Jer-
sey and the Honorable R OBIN KELLY  
from Illinois. They were here to have a Special Order hour. I want to com-pliment them because that Special Order hour, indeed, dealt with a lot of Black history. They talked about 50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.062 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H797 February 4, 2015 
years from Selma—where we were, 
where we are now, and where we are headed. They did such a great job that I thought it appropriate to acknowl-edge the outstanding effort and the fact that a good number of Members were very supportive of what they did. I am honored to also say that we plan to continue that tonight with this Spe-cial Order time, and we will talk about Black History Month, but from a slightly different perspective. 
We are honored to say that this reso-
lution that we have introduced into Congress—it was introduced on Janu-ary 6, 2015—this is the ninth time that I have had the pleasure of introducing this resolution, and it has 24 original cosponsors. And I want to thank all of the original cosponsors for being a part of helping this resolution come to the floor for this Special Order time. 
We are not here for the purpose of 
passage, but we are here for the pur-pose of expressing much about Black history and explaining why this resolu-tion is so important. It is important not only to me and the people in my district, which is, quite frankly, one of the most diverse districts in the coun-try—in my district, the ballot is print-ed in four languages: English, Spanish, Vietnamese, and Chinese. Hence, Black History Month is important to not only the African Americans in my district, but all of the other friends, associates, and constituents that I have in my dis-trict. They constantly talk to me about Black History Month. We talked about other aspects of history as well, but tonight we will focus on Black his-tory. 
It is important to note that this is 
the 100th anniversary of the organiza-tion that promoted and promulgated Black History Month. This organiza-tion, the Association for the Study of African American Life and History, founded by the Honorable Carter G. Woodson, is the organization that has carried the torch, the flame of hope for history to be inclusive, and they have done an outstanding job. 
There was a time that I can remem-
ber in my lifetime, in my history book, when there was little mention of the accomplishments of African Americans in history; and in world history, even less. I remember one of my books pro-claimed that the reason there was lit-tle mention of the nations, the coun-tries in Africa was because they con-tributed very little to history. Lit-erally, that was the kind of statement that I had to read as a child. 
Well, I am honored that we have 
come a long way from a point wherein we were rarely included to a point where we are included, but I think not enough yet. My hope is that at some point in time we won’t have a Black History Month, we won’t have any type of history month other than history on a daily basis, because at that point in time we will have included all persons and all of the great cultures in this country in the history of our great Na-tion. b1730 
Black history does not mean that 
Black people assume that they are bet-ter than anyone else. It just means that they would like to be included in history because they believe that no one else is better than we are. We are all the same. We are all God’s children, 
and we all bring special talents and special attributes that make this great country the wonderful place that it is. 
Tonight, in talking about this cen-
tury of Black life, history, and culture in this, the United States of America— and we could make it the world—but let’s just talk about the United States since the organization the Association for the Study of African American Life and History was founded in the United States—this is the 100th anniversary— I will ask the question and give some examples of why this question is so im-portant. 
The question that I pose tonight is 
with reference to the giants that we know about in history, and we stand on the shoulders of giants—we all do—the shoulders of giants, people who have done great things to make it possible for us to have these great opportunities that we have, people who suffered many of the slings and arrows of life so that others could have a better quality of life. Many of them are well known. We stand on the shoulders tonight of giants. 
The question that I pose is: Whose 
shoulders do the giants stand on? If we stand on the shoulders of giants, whose shoulders do they stand on? 
Thurgood Marshall, one of the great-
est litigators in the history of the United States of America, won 29 of 32 cases before the Supreme Court. He was a great litigator and went on to be-come a Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States of America, the first African American, a giant. 
I stand on the shoulders of Thurgood 
Marshall. A good many people in this Congress stand directly on the shoul-ders of Thurgood Marshall, in that we are here because of some of the litiga-tion that he won before the Supreme Court of the United States of America. We stand on the shoulders of Thurgood Marshall. 
On whose shoulders does Thurgood 
Marshall stand on? Well, the person that probably shaped his legal career more than any other was the honorable Charles Hamilton Houston. Charles Hamilton Houston was a Harvard law-yer. He was a person who was the dean of the law school at Howard Univer-sity. 
He was the person who concluded 
that the Constitution of the United States of America did not condone ‘‘separate but equal,’’ the person who is said to have killed Jim Crow, the per-son who was a part of all of the law-suits of the civil rights era from 1930 to 1954, including Brown v. Board of Edu-cation, the honorable Charles Hamilton Houston. He is the person that cul-tivated and mentored Thurgood Mar-shall. Thurgood Marshall came to Howard 
University after having been a reject at the University of Maryland. He tried to get in, and he could not. In a strange sort of way, it compels me to say: Thank God for the University of Mary-land because had they not rejected Thurgood Marshall, he would not have come to Howard University. 
There is a good likelihood he would 
not have met Charles Hamilton Hous-ton and, as a result, may not have ac-quired the intelligence that Charles Hamilton Houston provided a plethora of lawyers about the Constitution as it relates to ‘‘separate but equal.’’ It was Thurgood Marshall who became his prize student. Thurgood Marshall, along with Charles Hamilton Houston, became two of the great litigators to bring down Jim Crow. 
One of the cases that Thurgood Mar-
shall and Charles Hamilton Houston brought before the Maryland Court of Appeals, the one that stands out more than any other, is the case of Murray v. Pearson. 
In that case, Murray wanted to get 
into the University of Maryland as well. Isn’t it ironic that Thurgood Mar-shall, who could not get into the insti-tution and who went to Howard Univer-sity, had the opportunity to become the understudy, if you will, of the hon-orable Charles Hamilton Houston? Isn’t it ironic that the circle comes back to the University of Maryland with one of his first cases after completing law school? 
Thurgood Marshall was the lead 
counsel, along with the honorable Charles Hamilton Houston, against the University of Maryland to bring about an opportunity for the use of the doc-trine of ‘‘separate but equal’’ being at-tacked with constitutional provisions, and they were successful. 
I am proud to know that while 
Thurgood Marshall is the giant, a Su-preme Court Justice, Thurgood Mar-shall is known far and wide for his legal prowess. He stood on the shoul-ders of an even greater giant, an un-sung hero to some extent. Well, now, we do know much more about Charles Hamilton Houston than previously in previous years. 
It is important to note that he is not 
the person who has received all of the glory, all of the platitudes, and all of the accolades that Thurgood Marshall received, but he was the architect. I am proud to say that Thurgood Marshall stood on the shoulders of a giant. 
Let’s go on. Let’s talk now about an-
other giant of the civil rights-human 
rights movement, and that was Rosa Parks. Everyone knows the story— most everyone does—about how Rosa Parks decided that she was going to take her seat. Rosa Parks was a giant. She decided to take a seat in what was, at that time, a racist Southern town. 
The story is told that Rosa Parks 
was tired and that she just had to take her seat because she was tired—not true my friends, not true. 
Rosa Parks was an officer in the 
local NAACP. Rosa Parks was a person 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.063 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H798 February 4, 2015 
with great standing and credibility in 
her community. Rosa Parks had stat-ure. Rosa Parks had the backing of the NAACP. Rosa Parks had people who could get her out of jail. 
She had people who could work with 
her and help to stage, if you will, in the minds of some, this moment in time when she literally decided that she was not going to move back nor stand up so that her seat could be held and had by a person of a different hue. 
It was a bold thing to do. It was a 
very bold thing to do in the South, the segregated South at that time, the seg-regated South where the Constitution accorded us all of the rights of other citizens, but our friends and neighbors denied us those rights that the Con-stitution accorded us. This was the seg-regated South, and this was Rosa Parks. She decided to take that seat, backed by the NAACP and backed by a host of persons who were prepared to work with her and support her. 
The truth be told, the honorable Rosa 
Parks, who is considered by many the ‘‘mother of the civil rights movement,’’ the honorable Rosa Parks stands and stood at that time on the shoulders of a giant. She stood on the shoulders of a giant that we rarely hear about and rarely read about. 
It is the story of a giant who was but 
15 years of age at the time she made her mark, if you will, in history. It is the story of a giant who was arrested 9 months before Rosa Parks for doing the same thing that Rosa Park did. She was a 15-year-old girl, Claudette Colvin. She was the first person ar-rested under the circumstances com-parable to Rosa Parks in Montgomery, Alabama. 
She went to jail. Little is known 
about her. Little is known because it was thought at the time that she was not the ideal person around which to rally. It was thought at the time that a more senior person was needed, a per-son who had greater standing in the community. She was not that person. 
Ah, but here is where history—his-
tory—tells the story. She was one of four people to file the lawsuit—the law-suit—that ultimately ended segrega-tion of the bus line in Montgomery, Alabama. 
Although Rosa Parks, Dr. King, and 
the multitudes marched and protested, they marched and they protested for approximately a year or more, it was not the march or protest that actually brought about the ending of this form of invidious discrimination. It was really the lawsuit, Browder v. Gayle. It is important to note that there were four plaintiffs in the lawsuit and that Claudette Colvin was one of those four plaintiffs. 
It was that lawsuit that made the 
difference in the lives of not only those people in Montgomery, but people across the length and breadth of this country because that was one of the first times that the opinion expressed in Brown v. Board of Education was ex-panded to include public transpor-tation. That was an important, signifi-
cant event in history. 
It was Rosa Parks who received a lot 
of the credit. I love her, and I think she deserves all the credit she received, but I also think there are these unsung he-roes and heroines who have not re-ceived their fair share of credit for what they too have done. In fact, they are the shoulders that giants stand on. Claudette Colvin is the giant on whose shoulders Rosa Parks stood on. 
Moving to another giant, we all know 
of Dr. King, and last week and earlier this week, we talked a lot about Selma, and we talked about the march that took place there. 
In talking about that march, we 
talked about how people assembled at a church, and they decided that they were going to march peacefully from Selma to Montgomery. As they pro-ceeded to march, they came to a turn-ing point in history. They came to one of those seminal moments in history that will forever define the life of a country, to be quite candid. 
They came to the Edmund Pettus 
Bridge, and they confronted the con-stabulary on the other side of the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge. If you have not gone to the Edmond Pettus Bridge, you should go and see the Edmund Pettus Bridge. 
If you understand the times that 
these persons were living in, you have to realize that these were some brave, courageous, and bold souls to be will-ing to march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, knowing that the con-stabulary was on the other side with clubs and on horses. 
You have to ask yourself candidly: 
Would you have confronted what you knew was waiting for you in the form of possible death on the Edmond Pettus Bridge? 
The Honorable J
OHNLEWIS indicates 
that he thought he was going to die that day because, when confronted by the constabulary with these clubs, they beat the marchers all the way back to the church. 
If you see the movie ‘‘Selma,’’ you 
can get a fair depiction and representa-tion of what happened on the Edmund Pettus Bridge. There will be another march this year across the Edmond Pettus Bridge. For those who are inter-ested, I am Congressman A
LGREEN . 
You can call my office, and we will tell you about it. You might want to join us. 
Let’s talk about the Edmond Pettus 
Bridge and this march. Dr. King was not there for Bloody Sunday. There were reasons that compelled him to do some other things in his life. There were other persons there. The Honor-able J
OHNLEWIS was one of them. 
In a sense, when Dr. King came 
back—or he came to Selma following Bloody Sunday to march, he was stand-ing on the shoulders of those who had already gone before him and confronted this constabulary. 
Let’s really take a closer look at the 
history—at the history that we rarely talk about and hear about as it relates 
to the Edmund Pettus Bridge because there is a person that I conclude is the greatest unsung hero of the civil rights movement who had a hidden hand in the march from Selma to Montgomery. 
b1745 
When they went back to make the 
final march with Dr. King, as they moved across the Edmund Pettus Bridge, they had a hidden hand that had signed a court order. That court order was signed by the Honorable Frank M. Johnson, a Republican ap-pointee to a Federal court, appointed by the Honorable President Dwight Ei-senhower. 
Frank M. Johnson signed the order 
clearing the way for them to march from Selma to Montgomery. And it is interesting to note that he was a con-temporary of George Wallace. In fact, they were classmates. He and George Wallace had a constant confrontation, a mild form of confrontation, some-times it got a little bit more than mild, but they continually battled each other. Frank M. Johnson was so much of an impact on the times that he had to be guarded 24 hours a day. He was a Federal judge unlike any other. In fact, Dr. King said he put the justice in the word ‘‘justice,’’ the Honorable Frank M. Johnson. 
So the question becomes, on whose 
shoulders did Dr. King stand on that day when they marched across the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge? On whose shoul-ders did the marchers stand on? They stood on the shoulders of a hidden hand of the civil rights movement, the Hon-orable Frank M. Johnson. 
Frank M. Johnson integrated 
schools, he integrated the jury system. He changed the face of the South, and so little is known about this giant on the shoulders of whom many of the great icons of the civil rights move-ment stood on that day. This is not to demean or diminish—obviously, we can’t—the role of Dr. King and the Honorable J
OHN LEWIS; this is simply 
to say there are others whose stories are not told enough, whose stories should be told more. 
And on an occasion like this when we 
want to celebrate Black history, I think we have to acknowledge that there were unsung heroes and heroines on whose shoulders many of the giants stood on. And we also have to acknowl-edge that many of these unsung heroes and heroines are not of African ances-try. You see, there really is a White side to Black history. Frank M. John-son is a part of this White side of Black history. But we also must know that Frank M. Johnson, the great hero that he was, is not in the history that we speak of, is not celebrated to the ex-tent that he should be. 
So tonight, I want to say to the fam-
ily and friends, relatives, those who knew him, we celebrate him tonight. We celebrate the Honorable Charles Hamilton Houston tonight. We cele-brate the Honorable Claudette Colvin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.064 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H799 February 4, 2015 
tonight. These are persons who were in 
the shadows but who made a difference, and giants stood on their shoulders. 
Now to close. Let’s go back to the 
Edmund Pettus Bridge because a sig-nificant thing occurred. At the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge when they marched across, at that time there were five African Americans in Con-gress; there were four Latino Ameri-cans in Congress, Hispanic Americans; and there were three Asian Pacific Is-landers in Congress. Now, rather than five African Americans, we have 48. Rather than four Hispanic Members, we have 38. Rather than three Asian Pacific Americans, we have 14. I would also note that there were 14 females in Congress at that time. We now have 104. 
Crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge 
provided the world an opportunity to see the horrors of invidious discrimina-tion, of onerous segregation, the hor-rors that people, decent God-fearing human beings in the South, had to suf-fer. And it provided the President of the United States, the Honorable Presi-dent from the State of Texas, Lyndon Johnson, the opportunity to sign the Civil Rights Act of 1965. 
That Civil Rights Act is in no small 
part why I happen to stand before you in the Congress of the United States of America. I stand on the shoulders of many giants. Many of them are known to us, but there are a good many of them who are not known to us, and I am proud to say that during this time of Black History Month, it is appro-priate for us to acknowledge them and celebrate them for what they have done to make it possible for many of us to have the opportunities that we have. 
And today, as we look back and we 
revisit the Special Order hour, ‘‘50 Years Ago From Selma: Where Are We and Where Are We Headed?,’’ I must tell you, in concluding, that we are headed back to the future. We are headed back to the future because the Civil Rights Act of 1965, which ac-corded us the many opportunities that we have today, that Civil Rights Act of 1965, section 4 of it has been evis-cerated. And as a result of the eviscera-tion of section 4, we have seen, unfor-tunately, section 5 of the act lose its potency because without section 4, you don’t have a section 5. Section 5 has been emasculated; section 4 evis-cerated, section 5 emasculated. Section 5 is there, but it does not have the cov-erage areas that it is to address. And so without section 5, we find ourselves back to a point in time wherein we will have to again relitigate the whole question of the right to vote, to a cer-tain extent—very limited—but also in this context the means by which we were able to secure many of the seats in Congress that the 48 Members pres-ently enjoy. 
So without that section 5, an effec-
tive, potent section 5, we find ourselves with a circumstance where we are looking back now to that future, that future that is going to require us to do some heavy lifting to reinstate section 
4 of the Voting Rights Act. 
And, as they marched once before, we 
will march once again this year. My hope is that we will be able to in this Congress come to a bipartisan conclu-sion that section 4 of the Voting Rights Act is still important to a good many people, and that we will work together to revitalize section 4 of the Voting Rights Act so as to give section 5 the potency it needs to provide the cov-erage that has been of great benefit to us. 
Mr. Speaker, I am so grateful to have 
had the opportunity to share these thoughts at this moment in time about some of the great heroes and heroines and some of the unsung heroes of the civil rights movement. I thank you, and I thank the leadership for allowing us this time to celebrate Black History Month in these, the great United States of America. God bless you, and God bless our great country. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
AMERICA’S NATIONAL 
CONVERSATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. F
OR-
TENBERRY ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, 
first, if my friend, Congressman G REEN , 
wouldn’t mind staying a moment, I would like to offer a few comments on what you said. Unfortunately, I missed the larger body of your talk, but I would like to add a few things, if you don’t mind. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I welcome 
the opportunity to stand with you, my dear friend. Thank you. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. I think it 
should be acknowledged that we were elected at the same time. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. We are 
classmates. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. We are class-
mates. While we are on different sides of the political aisle, nonetheless I hope that you consider me as much of a friend as I consider you. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I do. And if 
I may say, I rarely think of sides of the aisle when you and I are talking. It doesn’t become a significant factor in our lives as we converse and we cele-brate our friendship. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. I would like to 
note a couple of things you pointed out in your speech, and then you can move on with your evening. I don’t want you to stay through my other comments, but nonetheless, you said a few things. You talked about the important progress that has been made in this country, and I think that is notable. You talked about that particularly dif-ficult period in the 1960s, and you re-ferred to Black History Month as America’s history month as well. I think those are all notable comments, and I wanted to tell you that. 
In that tough time, something hap-
pened to me that I would like to share with you. I was not born in the State 
that I represent. Nebraska is my home. It is where I have decided to raise my family. It has given me a bounty of op-portunity, and I am so privileged to be a Representative from Nebraska. I was born in the Deep South in a State where segregation and racial difficul-ties were particularly difficult. 
When I was in third grade, it was 
time for my birthday, and we had a birthday party and I invited all of my classmates. This was basically a White, middle class stable school in a stable neighborhood, but there was one Afri-can American family, either because of the beginning of desegregation that was taking place at that time or be-cause they lived in proximity, they were at the school. One of the young boys was named Philip Brown. He was not only my classmate, but my friend. So I invited all of the boys, including Philip, to my birthday party. Philip didn’t come. And I saw him on the Monday afterward and I asked him, I said: Philip, I didn’t see you at my birthday party. Why didn’t you come? 
He said: I did. They wouldn’t let me 
in. 
Now this is an 8-year-old child. I remember then thinking during the 
party, my father had come over to me and whispered in my ear, in terms of the time, he said: Jeffrey, is Philip a Black boy? 
And I said: Yes, and I didn’t think 
any more about it. 
He had to go outside. My father had 
to go outside and talk to Philip’s fa-ther because the establishment there, unbeknownst to us, but the establish-ment didn’t let in African American children. 
Now, I want to fast-forward, though. 
I told that story to my little children. I have five daughters, and they are growing up now, but I told this to them a few years ago. To your point about progress being made, they were visibly upset. They said: Daddy, you have to go find Philip. You have to go find him. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. What a 
wonderful thought. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Because they 
were deeply touched, wounded, if you will, by this story. How could this hap-pen to a little child? 
But I think you rightfully acknowl-
edge that those days are behind us. And through all of the difficulties, toils and struggles that occurred, thankfully they are behind us. And I think what you said is appropriate, that Black His-tory Month ought to also be called America’s History Month because these chapters are an important, essential part of our national fabric and our na-tional culture. 
Again, I didn’t intend to dialogue 
with you. But I was sitting there thinking of this, and I have never shared that story publicly. But I think the main part of the story is the pain-ful look on my own little children’s faces when they heard that, and I think that means good progress. 
I yield to the gentleman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.066 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H800 February 4, 2015 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I appreciate 
you sharing that vignette with me be-cause it is very much heartfelt. It is good to have a person to tell the actual story. If you have read it, you will know of what I speak; if you haven’t, I commend it to you—Dr. King’s ‘‘Letter from a Birmingham Jail.’’ 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. I am very fa-
miliar with it. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. It is one of 
the greatest pieces of literary history, saving a few holy books, I would say. It is absolutely one of the best stories of what that time was like. Dr. King talks about how he had to explain to his chil-dren why they couldn’t go to a certain theme park, and how he could see the clouds over their heads as they were saddened by their inability to go to the theme park because of who they were. 
I ask people to please read that letter 
because it really parallels what you are saying tonight here on the floor of the House of Representatives. You are right—we have come a long way from those times. These times are difficult in a different way, however. There is still great work to be done, and you and I can work together to get some of this additional great work done. 
But notwithstanding all that I have 
said tonight, I conclude with this: On a bad day, it is still good to live in the USA. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Amen. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. On a bad 
day when your spouse wants to leave you, or on a bad day when your puppy wants to bite you, let your puppy bite you and let your spouse leave you, in the United States of America, on a bad day, it is still good to live in the USA. 
b1800 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. I thank you for 
listening to me and your commentary tonight. Let’s continue our robust friendship and our collegiality as we work through differences and difficul-ties, which are inevitable in a body like this where there are indeed philo-sophical divides. 
There ought to be certain principles 
that unite us, and I have myself quoted from Dr. King’s letter in the Bir-mingham jail in other speeches. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Thank you 
very much. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. I yield to the 
gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I thank you for 
yielding. I won’t take all of your time. 
You and I, our careers have mirrored. 
We both became lawyers the same year, and we both started at the court-house in Houston I think the same year—’73, ’74, right in there. 
Of course, you were on one side, the 
defendant side, and I was on the pros-ecution side. We worked before the same judges. You and I both became judges about the same time and then we left the bench at the same time and ran for Congress and joined Mr. F
OR-
TENBERRY in the infamous class of 2004 
or ’5. I do want to make this comment that 
things at the courthouse during all that time changed a great deal as to who was at the courthouse in the courtroom representing either the State of Texas or the citizen accused, as you referred to him. 
Were you the first African American 
to practice in the courtroom? Or was it Ned Wade or Ron Mock? Which one of you was it? 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I was not 
and probably someone prior to Ned Wade. There were other lawyers who were there long before us. 
Mr. POE of Texas. It has changed a 
great deal. In fact, the judge who took my place is an African American judge at the courthouse in Houston. It is hard looking back on history to realize things were not always that way at the courthouse and the legal profession as they were in many other professions. 
I think your accomplishments as an 
attorney and as a jurist are admirable. They have served the State of Texas quite well, but you fought a lot of bat-tles during that time as well, and I want to thank you for fighting those battles. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Well, thank 
you. 
I know that your time is of the es-
sence, and you have been very generous with me, Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . 
Will the gentleman allow one addi-
tional comment? The Honorable T ED 
POEand I have had a friendship for 
many, many years. He is imminently correct. We were on different sides of the table, literally, in the courtroom, but we never allowed many of the po-litical maneuvers of the time, the po-litical issues of the time, to prevent us from being friends, and we brought that friendship to the Congress of the United States of America. 
While there is still great work to be 
done—even in the courts, there is still great work to be done. There is great work to be done in the area of litiga-tion that still is matriculating through the courts, but we still have to ac-knowledge that it is a better time to do it now than to do it then. 
We have greater friendships and 
greater opportunities. On a bad day, it is still good to live in the USA. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. A great expres-
sion. Thank you. 
Thank you, Judge P
OE. 
Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how 
much time is remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Nebraska has 20 minutes remaining. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Thank you, Mr. 
Speaker. 
Before I deviated, I had some other 
thoughts that I wanted to convey to-night. Mr. Speaker, let me start out with this thought. 
It is a high goal, a principle, that I 
think across this body we all share, and it is this: Americans deserve a smart and effective government. I don’t think nor do I think many of us believe that Washington should be mired in mediocrity, nor should we be 
divided by class or income, but I do think we have to acknowledge several difficult truths. 
I think our national conversation 
should also start here. The reality is we have a tale of two very different economic recoveries. One recovery was working pretty well for transnational corporations, many of which are sub-sidized indirectly by the state, but the other recovery is not working quite as well for everyone else. 
Too many families are facing down-
ward mobility, stagnant wages, and an increased cost of living, and many feel abandoned by a Washington and Wall Street axis. There is an incomplete pic-ture being given, I think, in the dy-namics of the statistics that are now being promulgated about the current economy. 
Yes, we have some good news. Energy 
prices have significantly fallen, and that is taking a lot of pressure off a lot of sectors and a lot of individuals. Some recovery is happening. 
But as the head of the Gallup organi-
zation points out, the recent reports that the unemployment rate has dropped to 5.6 percent are really quite misleading. The Department of Labor doesn’t count those who are trapped in unemployment and who have stopped looking. 
In fact, the further you unpack these 
statistics and you look at what is caus-ing the causal relationship here is, un-fortunately, we are entering into a pe-riod of what I am calling an entrepre-neurial winter, where there are more small businesses dying than there are being born; in other words, the net out-come of small business creation is in a negative range for the first time in the history of our country. 
The reason this is significant is this 
is where most jobs come from. Most people in America are working hard and are looking for their opportunity in small business. We are not talking about larger entities, which have an important role in not only economic recovery and in creating employment for many, but small businesses are where the majority of jobs are created. 
It is also where this dynamic of an 
interdependent economy, a healthy economy, is really born, an oppor-tunity economy, where the benign forces of competition create a certain interdependency between the one who is making a good with their own two hands or their intellect and selling it to another who needs that good and, in turn, reinforcing a social dynamic that 
is essential to personal well-being and a healthy economy. 
Well, how did we get into this posi-
tion? I think we have to analyze this as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I received a phone call 
last spring, and the gentleman was very, very eager to talk to me, so I called him back. In fact, he was so eager to talk to me that he was actu-ally sitting at the Nebraska spring football game where the white team versus the red team, they play it out. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.067 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H801 February 4, 2015 
This is a big deal in Nebraska. Tens 
of thousands of people actually go to this game. He was sitting in the stands, and he took his time out from watch-ing the Nebraska spring game to talk to me which is a high honor. 
He wanted to point out that he was a 
small business person. He owned and started a heating and air-conditioning 
business and, until very recently, had five employees. Because he could see what was coming—particularly in health care—he got rid of all of his jobs, and it is just him now. 
If you ask the question—and ana-
lytics are showing this—as to why small businesses are not taking proper risk going out into the marketplace to create new products and hire people, there are two simple—this is a bit sim-plistic—but two answers are what come forward. The first is health care, and the second is regulation. 
You see, in the name of trying to cre-
ate an orderly and just and fair econ-omy when Washington overreaches and creates an environment that is setting up the guardrails for proper economic function, if it is too heavyhanded and it is penalizing those who don’t have an army of lawyers and accountants and regulatory personnel, that means that the playing field suddenly shifts to-ward much bigger entities that, in many ways, can become impersonal. 
The more Washington imposes regu-
latory burdens that are affecting the outlook and expectation of small busi-ness people, the more they are hesi-tating to hire. 
The second factor is health care. 
Now, I think we have to have this hard conversation. We have a broken health care law. The Affordable Care Act, as it is called, could be called now the ‘‘Unaffordable Care Act.’’ 
The law was designed to fix some real 
cracks in our system that were very evident. People with preexisting condi-tions or people being priced out of the market were having a very difficult time finding health insurance, and that needs to be addressed, and it needs to be addressed through Washington pol-icy. 
But we need a health care system 
that is focused on decreasing cost and improving health care outcomes while also helping vulnerable persons. What we have gotten now is higher esca-lating cost, fewer choices, and a damp-ening effect on the entrepreneurial small business economy—again, where most jobs come from. It is not me say-ing this. This is what the statistics are bearing out and the research is bearing out; and it is a hard, hard reality. 
Instead of just saying ‘‘no’’ to the Af-
fordable Care Act, those of us who have said ‘‘no’’ many times also have a re-sponsibility to find a responsible re-placement in public policy for us— 
again, one that is going to increase competition, improve health care out-comes, give additional choice, while also decreasing cost, and protecting vulnerable persons. 
Mr. Speaker, I think Americans de-
serve the best possible health care out-comes in the world. The question is 
how do we get there? 
Well, from my perspective, a new 
framework, a new architecture of ap-proach is needed, but it basically ex-pands a policy that we already have. 
A long time ago, I had a very signifi-
cant headache. I was in my twenties. I carried my own health care policy, and it was very expensive, so I had a very high deductible. 
Because the headache was particu-
larly severe, I decided: Well, I assume the family physician will probably just send me on to a specialist. 
So I called the ear, nose, and throat 
specialist directly and went and got an appointment. She did an x ray and said: I can’t really tell from the x ray, so I am going to have to do a CAT scan. 
I said: Doctor, is that really nec-
essary? You know, I understand the problem of liability and the need to push the boundaries on testing. Is it really necessary? 
She asked me directly, almost kind 
of indignant, she said: Why are you talking to me about this? I said: Be-cause I am paying for this. My deduct-ible is very, very high. I am actually paying the cost of this test. I just want to know if this is absolutely necessary. Help me to make that decision. 
She said: Oh, yes, of course, it is nec-
essary. But now that you said that, I am just looking at your sinuses, so why don’t we call places in town that have the machine and see if they will widen the cross section and give you a dis-count? I said: Great. 
In 3 minutes, she had her assistant 
call. We found a place in town that was about $75 cheaper than normal. The doctor got the test that she needed. Perhaps most importantly, in the ag-gregate, the resource was more prop-erly allocated, all because I had the in-centive to ask a simple question be-cause I was actually paying for the test. 
Now, we have a policy that encour-
ages health savings accounts. Some Americans have them; some Americans don’t. They are not appropriate for every American, particularly Ameri-cans who are getting older and at the ending point of their professional ca-reers, because health savings accounts coupled with catastrophic insurance are a very, very proper way, I think, to manage health care when you are younger and in middle life. We ought to be expanding this. 
The second point is: How do we get 
there? Guaranteed access to affordable, quality catastrophic health insurance with health savings accounts. 
What you get for that is you are pro-
tected. If something really goes wrong, if you are in the hospital in the emer-gency, you shouldn’t be put in the posi-tion of asking: Who is the chief anes-thesiologist around here? I need to compare prices. 
No, in those scenarios, you are pro-
tected. But in ordinary health care de-cisions, in partnership with your doc-tor—health care provider—making pru-dential decisions about what is really 
necessary and what is not, I think this is a mechanism by which we can again significantly empower families to save money, control their first health care dollar cost, and be protected at the same time. 
The health savings account is a tax- 
preferred vehicle whereby money is set aside on a tax-preferred basis and accu-mulates over time. Now, most people in their lifetimes don’t get significantly sick, so there is the opportunity here again for young people to begin to set aside money in this tax-deferred ac-count that actually helps them pay for when ordinary medical expenses arise. Then again, if something really goes wrong, you have catastrophic insur-ance. 
Over time, these accounts would be-
come larger and larger and help supple-ment retirement, help supplement the Medicare system, strengthening those important retirement security pro-grams. 
b1815 
I think this is a key to reworking our 
current health care model, not for ev-eryone, but an expansion of this oppor-tunity, I think, is the right architec-ture in moving forward for the next generation, particularly, so that we guarantee access to affordable, quality health care. 
I think we carry forward some impor-
tant provisions in that no one with a preexisting condition can be denied. I think the provision whereby children can stay on their parents’ health care longer, now until age 26—I actually supported that before the new health care law—is smart policy. We remove caps on insurance, but that doesn’t save any money. It just penalizes those who get really sick. We carry those provisions forward, again, to protect persons in a vulnerable circumstance, but we give everyone the access to af-fordable, quality health insurance. 
There is a lot of detail that would go 
into how you would make that hap-pen—whether or not you would spread that cost over the entire market through regulation or whether you would subsidize it like the government does in other insurance markets, like flood insurance and crop insurance. Nonetheless, I think that is the right framework and architecture for a ro-bust, competitive health insurance marketplace that is going to improve health outcomes, reduce costs, and pro-tect vulnerable persons. 
What will we get if we do this? What 
will we get if we are courageous enough as a body to step forward and say, ‘‘Do you know what? We can do better. Americans deserve better than the cur-rent arrangement’’? 
We will get peace of mind for our-
selves and for our doctors. I think this would go a long way toward helping re-solve the underlying problem here of stagnation in the economy, particu-larly among those who want to be en-trepreneurs—small business persons 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.068 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H802 February 4, 2015 
who are creating jobs, those who have 
a gift or an idea and who want to take a little risk but who now aren’t em-powered to do so because of the envi-ronment that has been created that has dampened their ability to seize this op-portunity. This would be the key to unlocking a healthy economy, one that is focused on opportunity for all. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
THE STALKING GOVERNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 30 
minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, just 
a few weeks ago, this Chamber was filled with Members of the House of Representatives, and all of us stood up and raised our right hands, and we took an oath to support and defend the Con-stitution of the United States. It is the same oath the President takes and that others take—the military. We do that for a lot of reasons, but the main rea-son is that, in this country, the Con-stitution is paramount to all other law. I agree with that philosophy. The Con-stitution, I think, is a marvelously written document, as well as the Dec-laration of Independence, which justi-fied the reason for us to start our own country. 
Attached to the Constitution is what 
is commonly referred to as the Bill of Rights—rights to the people and prohi-bitions against government intruding on those rights. They call it the ‘‘Bill of Rights.’’ There were originally 12, and 10 of them passed. That is why we have 10 instead of 12 under the Bill of Rights. I would like to start and talk about only one of those rights. Since there are only 30 minutes, I am going to talk only about one of those, and it is the Fourth Amendment. Let’s go through it together, Mr. Speaker. 
The Fourth Amendment to the U.S. 
Constitution: 
‘‘The right of the people’’—that is 
us—‘‘to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects against un-reasonable searches and seizures shall not be violated’’—that sounds pretty absolute to me—‘‘and no warrants shall issue but upon probable cause, sup-ported by oath or affirmation, and par-ticularly describing the place to be searched and the persons or things to be seized.’’ 
Now, you don’t have to be a legal 
scholar or a lawyer to understand what this is talking about. It is the right of privacy—that government could go into our homes and our effects and our things and our stuff. It generally can-not do that except under circumstances which require that they go get a war-rant. 
I used to be a judge. Judge G
REEN , 
who was just in here a while ago, used to be a judge. What that means is the police, generally, go to the judge and say: ‘‘Judge’’—in a written document with the affidavit that they swear to— 
‘‘the affidavit states we believe—I be-lieve—that there are,’’ let’s say, ‘‘drugs—cocaine specifically—in Bobby Oglethorpe’s home.’’ Bobby Oglethorpe is a notorious Texas outlaw, so I am going to use him as the one. It de-scribes what they are looking for. They say where it is, and they give the ad-dress of where Bobby Oglethorpe lives in Houston. Then I read it to see if it states probable cause. 
What does that mean? There are a lot 
of definitions to it, but, basically, the statement proves, with the affidavit of the peace officer, that there is probable cause to believe that that item is where the police officer says it is, and is drugs, so that would be illegal. 
The judge signs the warrant. What 
that does is it orders the police officer to go to that specific location in a cer-tain timeframe. You can’t do it, like, forever. You don’t have 6 months to go look for it. It is usually 3 days. You go over there, and you search that ad-dress, looking for that specific stuff— cocaine, drugs—that is in the posses-sion of Bobby Oglethorpe. Then the po-lice officer normally would leave a doc-ument with the person at the house as to what they seized. 
The officer comes back to the judge 
and says: ‘‘Judge, I executed the war-rant you gave me to Bobby Oglethorpe’s house, and I brought you back the return on the warrant—what I seized—because I was ordered to go get it.’’ Then he files the return in the court with the clerk, and that varies from State to State. 
Basically, the concept is, before gov-
ernment goes into your house or other things, an independent person—a judge—has got to separate the law—the police—from the citizen and make an independent decision as to whether or not what they are looking for is where it is, or they have not established prob-able cause. Now, that is a generaliza-tion of the whole concept of a warrant. 
Why do we even have these things? It 
goes back to our history, our American history. Everything seems to be based on history, and it is good that we re-flect on it. 
Back in 1761, America was not a 
country, it was a colony, made up of 13 Colonies. At that particular time—this is not a new thing about warrants, this is not a new thing—British subjects who lived in England, specifically, had the right to have what was called a ‘‘specific warrant’’ issued against them before they would have to give up the item, as opposed to what I will show you as being a general warrant. 
Generally speaking, before a mag-
istrate in England would allow some British subject’s home to be searched, the peace officer would have to go to a magistrate and show some specificity as to where the document or the item was, with some type of probable cause, but in coming to the Colonies, that was not true. English magistrates who ruled over the Colonies did not give colonists the same protection as other British subjects back in England. So 
what would occur is this: 
Those colonists, it has been said, 
were hiding rum, rum that had been brought into the United States—the Colonies—and other things, and they had not paid the tax on the rum. So the British would go to a magistrate and say: ‘‘Give us a general warrant to go search,’’ let’s say, ‘‘Bobby Oglethorpe’s great, great, great-grandfather. We will search his warehouse to find any items that may not have been stamped with the appropriate tax.’’ 
The colonists didn’t like that. That 
is a general warrant. You have got a piece of paper from a magistrate, say-ing, ‘‘Ah, go over there, and look around. See if you can find something that is illegally in the possession of colonists without the Stamp Act on there.’’ These were called ‘‘writs of as-sistance.’’ They were called ‘‘general warrants.’’ They are pretty much the same thing. I won’t go into the dif-ference of those two individuals. 
With the colonists being the type of 
folks they were in Massachusetts, they took them to court. They took the British Crown to court. Their lawyer was James Otis, and he protested in a courtroom, saying, ‘‘Your warrant is not specific enough. It is too general.’’ The British judge, magistrate, ruled against the colonists, and there were several businessmen who were being sued in this case. 
Now, that may not seem like a big 
deal, but John Adams, who later be-came President of the United States, observed all of this, and he said that act was the spark which originated the American Revolution. What is that? It is the act of government invading the privacy of the colonists. He said that sparked the American Revolution, what we now call the ‘‘Fourth Amend-ment,’’ because the colonists weren’t protected from unreasonable searches and seizures. They weren’t protected from specific warrants saying specifi-cally what they were looking for in a specific place based on probable cause. The local magistrate would just write out a document, saying, ‘‘Go over there and look at this warehouse, and see if you find any,’’ in this case, ‘‘rum that doesn’t have the stamp, that doesn’t have a tax on there.’’ 
Our history shows that this is an im-
portant concept. Now, what does it re-quire? 
It requires a specific warrant as op-
posed to a general warrant. It requires that it be specific as to what you are looking for. It has got to be based upon probable cause. It just doesn’t give the police the authority to go into some-one’s home and look around and see if you find some contraband. You have got to have it based upon probable cause, sworn to, and it is limited in scope, as required under the Fourth Amendment, which we will read again if we have enough time. 
The right of privacy was important 
to our ancestors—it is in the Fourth Amendment—and it is important to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.070 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H803 February 4, 2015 
Americans today. We are a little 
unique on this right of privacy. It is really not one of the things that a lot of other countries have. Remember, it is not supposed to be violated by gov-ernment, our right to be secure in our homes and in our effects. 
So here we are in 2015, and where are 
we? 
This morning, somewhere in the 
United States, somebody woke up and sent out some emails and made a phone call. A person may have had a meeting, so he got his little iPhone out—5 or 6 or whatever it is—and pulled up Google maps to figure out a route to get from where he was to where the meeting was. He took his vehicle or maybe jumped in a cab and checked Facebook if he were in a cab, on the phone, texted his friend, and maybe even played what is now something fun, I guess, for some people—‘‘Candy Crush’’—on the iPhone. 
After the meeting is over with, this 
individual may head off to the office, log onto the computer, do a little G- chatting with a friend about where he planned to go for dinner that evening, and later that evening, he uploads a photograph from supper, as we call it in Texas, on his Instagram. That is, maybe, a typical day for a lot of peo-ple. 
But, all during that route of the 
American citizen’s, the Federal Gov-ernment has the ability to stalk that individual every step of the way be-cause of the devices that he is using electronically. Maybe, until last year— until some news came out by the na-tional media—most Americans were unaware that their every move could be tracked by Big Brother. Through the NSA, which I call the ‘‘National Spy Agency’’ now, the government has the ability to read citizens’ emails, to read their texts, to know their phone logs, to track the location and travel and movements of citizens, to snoop and collect information about individ-uals through smartphones, apps, to read G-chats, and to look at private photographs—all unknown to the cit-izen. 
The failure to disclose any of this in-
formation until recently is why many Americans now fear government intru-sion—I call it government stalking— into our lives. The stalking govern-ment has kept its Peeping Tom activi-ties a big secret until, primarily, Ed-ward Snowden told us all about it. 
b1830 
His issue is a different issue, but now 
we know about it. 
So how did we get here? Over the 
years, technology has rapidly changed and given power-hungry—my opinion— bureaucrats the capability to sift through data and find out more infor-mation than ever. Just because they have the physical ability doesn’t mean that they have the constitutional right or any right to violate the Fourth Amendment because this protects Americans. The Fourth Amendment doesn’t protect government; it protects 
Americans. It protects citizens. 
The government seems to justify the 
snooping, the Peeping Tom for a couple of reasons. The White House, the ad-ministration claims that NSA has no interest in monitoring American citi-zens; they are just looking for bad guys. Well, I have a hard time believing that. Until evidence came out to the contrary, the NSA, it seems, was snooping and spying on lots of Ameri-cans in the name of trying to catch the bad guys. 
Furthermore, NSA, when they did a 
little investigation, they found dozens of instances where their own employees misused intelligence capabilities to spy on people—ex-girlfriends and others. Why? Simply because they had the ability. 
So we have learned for years that the 
NSA has quietly, in my opinion, snooped and spied on millions of Amer-icans without a warrant—and that is the key—and without their knowledge and without their consent. This is jus-tified for a second reason, based upon the name of national security. It is said we live in terrible times. We do. We have got these terrorists running all over the world, bad guys trying to hurt us, so we at the NSA need to get this information to protect Americans from these bad guys. 
Well, let’s analyze that just for a mo-
ment if we can. 
We have heard reports that, well, we 
have caught a lot of bad guys because of this information that NSA has seized, this megadata. So during a Committee on the Judiciary hearing last year, I asked Deputy Attorney General James Cole this question: How many criminal cases have been filed based upon this massive seizure of in-formation by NSA, collecting informa-tion on Americans without the use of a warrant and storing it? And to my knowledge it still exists. How many criminal cases? 
He testified: Maybe one. Maybe one. So this nonsense about we are doing 
all of this because we have to catch the bad guys, they have got one criminal case that they can talk about. Even if there were more, it does not justify, in my opinion, the massive seizure of data without constitutional safeguards. 
Let’s read it one more time. ‘‘The 
right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects against unreasonable searches and sei-zures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue’’—in this case no warrants at all are issuing—‘‘but upon probable cause supported by oath or af-firmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the per-sons or things to be seized.’’ 
That is not what is occurring. It is 
just massive amounts of information are being seized. 
Let me try to describe it this way. 
Let’s go back to Bobby Oglethorpe. Let’s say that Bobby Oglethorpe lives close to where I do in Atascocita, Texas, and the police come to me as a judge and say: Judge, we know that 
Bobby Oglethorpe lives in this ZIP Code here, but we don’t know where he lives, and he is no good. He is a crimi-nal, and he is in possession of firearms and drugs, and all kinds of illegal things he has done, but we don’t know which house he is in in this particular ZIP Code, so we want to go search all the houses in the ZIP Code and hope-fully we will catch him. 
No judge in this country would sign a 
warrant and say: All right. Have at it. Start searching all the houses looking for this one guy with all this bad ille-gal stuff that he is in possession of. 
No judge would do that. Why? Be-
cause it violates the Fourth Amend-ment. Why? Because it is not specific enough. It is a general warrant, like the British were imposing on the Colo-nies that, as John Adams said, sparked the American Revolution. Wouldn’t do that. 
Or another example, it is like finding 
a needle in a haystack. The govern-ment wants to seize the whole hay-stack. They can’t do that. They have got to find the needle. They have got to be specific in their warrant. So, in my opinion, based upon the Fourth Amend-ment, the activity of the NSA, by seiz-ing lots of data, violates the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution. 
There are other examples. So we talked about NSA seizure of 
data, and to my knowledge, like I said, they still store all this information. 
May I inquire of the Speaker how 
much time I have left? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman has 12 minutes remaining. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Thank you. I ap-
preciate it. 
NSA. Let’s move on to what is called 
ECPA. We will talk about the IRS a lit-tle bit. 
This spring, most Americans are 
going to be filing taxes, their tax re-turns, and many Americans, including me, are concerned about the IRS’ abil-ity to take information from Ameri-cans without their consent or without a warrant. Sometimes that includes emails. So let’s talk specifically about the concept of government seizure of emails without consent of the person who sent it or received it and without a warrant. 
Current Federal law is that, if some-
body has an email within 6 months of when that email was sent, that email, to be obtained by government—not just law enforcement, but any government agency—they have to get a warrant to seize that. But as soon as that 160 days runs, past 160 days, the government doesn’t get a warrant because the law doesn’t require it. I think in the spirit of the Fourth Amendment, the Fourth Amendment should require that. 
Email, what is email? That is an 
electronic message sent to another per-son. 
Let’s go back to regular mail or snail 
mail, which some people call it. If I write a letter and I seal the envelope and I put the postage on there and I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.071 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H804 February 4, 2015 
send it, go put it in the mailbox, one of 
those blue mailboxes, and I drop that in the mailbox, the government does not have the authority to go in that mailbox and take the letter out, read the letter, seize the letter without a warrant. 
So it flows through the United States 
postal system from wherever to wher-ever, and it lands in somebody else’s mailbox. That mail, generally speak-ing, is protected under the Fourth Amendment, because it violates the Fourth Amendment if government seizes it and goes into the contents without a warrant. 
The same should apply to emails. It 
is communication. It is just done elec-tronically. But the law does not allow—let me say it another way. If emails are over 6 months old, Ameri-cans should be aware of the fact that government may seize those emails from a private company without your knowledge, without your consent, and without a warrant. 
That is why I have introduced, along 
with Representative Z
OELOFGREN from 
California, that the law should be that emails are protected, that it is a right of privacy and it is an expectation of privacy for Americans that emails be protected and that government should be getting a warrant before they seize those documents, because it is a viola-tion at least in the spirit of the Fourth Amendment. I hope that that legisla-tion does finally come to the floor and we get a vote on protecting the Fourth Amendment, the right of privacy for Americans when it comes to emails. 
The same applies not only just to 
emails, but under the circumstances, it would apply to geolocation devices that the government knows where you are. I think the government, to keep up with you, needs a warrant to stalk you throughout the United States. 
The third thing I wanted to mention 
in the remaining time is a completely different issue, but it has to do with drones, the right of privacy. We are in the drone age. It is estimated that by 2030 we will have 30,000 drones over the skies of the United States, 30,000 of them. 
Drones are a marvelous invention. 
They are highly technical. They can be very small. You can get one at a local store that you can put in the palm of your hand. No question about it, there are good uses for drones. Right now the law is that the FAA regulates the use of drones throughout the United States. It may permit some; it may not permit, may refuse to permit them. It is a bureaucratic decision by the FAA. 
Congress needs to weigh in on the 
issue of drones and set down constitu-tional guidelines. People need to know the rules. Law enforcement needs to know the rules, and private citizens need to know the rules about their use of drones. And basically, the Fourth Amendment ought to apply to the use of a drone except with the exigent cir-cumstances that already apply to the Fourth Amendment—high-speed chases, disasters, fires, et cetera—but 
we need some guidelines on the issue of drones. 
Congress has the responsibility to 
protect the Fourth Amendment of the surveillance of Americans by either law enforcement or by private citizens and develop a standard for both law en-forcement and for private citizens to know what the standard is. Yes, there are reasons why we should use them, and the law should allow those, but Congress needs to make the decision, not the FAA. 
I have a local sheriff, or the sheriff in 
Texas where I am from. He generally says he doesn’t want to use drones be-cause he doesn’t know what the courts are going to decide down the road as to whether or not that use of a drone was a lawful or unlawful violation of the Fourth Amendment. So rather than wait for the courts to decide if this spe-cific use is or is not a violation of the Fourth Amendment, Congress needs to come up with guidelines about the de-sign and the protection of the Fourth Amendment that drones can only be used in certain circumstances; other-wise, they are not allowed to be used because they violate the Fourth Amendment of the United States. 
So those are three issues that have 
the right of privacy that are being, I think, chilled today because there is more and more government intrusion into all of those areas: into the massive data of phone information, information that is put on your iPhone, for exam-ple, that is being seized, can be seized without knowledge, without warrant; the massive amount of emails that can be seized—we really don’t know how much is being seized because over 6 months your personal email is not pro-tected by law; government agencies, not just law enforcement, can seize that—and then the skies will have 30,000 of those drones. 
There needs to be some regulations 
within protection of the Fourth Amendment, and we need to work with industry and government to outline what those rules ought to be to protect the Fourth Amendment, protect the right of privacy of individuals to be se-cure in their homes, in their papers, and their effects from government intervention and government intru-sion. Congress should set the standard for what a reasonable expectation of privacy is, especially in those areas that I mentioned and the one regarding drones as well. 
So I hope that we see some move-
ment in this legislation. Once again, Z
OELOFGREN and I have introduced 
legislation, as well as others, to pro-tect the right of individuals to be free from searches of their emails after 6 months without a search warrant. We have that legislation pending as well. Hopefully, we can rein in what I call the stalking government about stalk-ing American citizens. 
America is not about keeping up and 
following every citizen in the United States by government. That is what other countries do. That is what coun-
tries like the Soviet Union used to do. That is not what America should be doing, and Congress needs to weigh in on this to protect individuals’ right of privacy under the Fourth Amendment, which was the spark, according to John Adams, to the American Revolution, that concept of the Fourth Amendment being violated. 
And that is just the way it is. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
BLACK HISTORY MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE) for 30 minutes. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gen-
tleman very much for the yielded time, and I thank the floor staff and the rep-resentatives of the Democratic cloak-room, Republican cloakroom for their courtesies. 
I want to join my good friend who 
was on the floor earlier this evening. I was detained in a diplomatic meeting. I could not join my good friend, Con-gressman A
LGREEN , as he began to 
commemorate and salute Black His-tory Month. 
b1845 
This is story of a proud people, of 
Americans who participated in every historic event since the founding of this country and whose ancestors proudly wore the uniform on many oc-casions, including the uniform in the Civil War and wars beyond. 
Tonight, I come to salute both na-
tional heroes and local heroes from Houston, Texas, and—in particular— the 18th Congressional District. 
This, in fact, is the 39th commemora-
tion of Black History Month, and we celebrate the contributions of African Americans who have contributed to the history and the greatness of our Na-tion. 
We pay tribute to trailblazers, pio-
neers, and leaders, like many of us know, such as Reverend Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, Jr.; Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall; United States Sen-ator Blanche Kelso Bruce; a U.S. Con-gresswoman from my congressional district, the Honorable Barbara Jor-dan, who most recently sat amongst us, retiring from the United States Congress in 1978–79; U.S. Congressman Mickey Leland, who lost his life trying to provide food to hungry people in Ethiopia; astronauts like Dr. Guion Stewart Bluford, Jr., and Mae C. Jemison; Frederick Douglass; Booker T. Washington; James Baldwin; Harriet Tubman; Rosa Parks; Maya Angelou, who taught me at Yale University; Toni Morrison, a premier writer; along with another outstanding writer as well, Gwendolyn Brooks—just to name a few of the countless well-known and unsung heroes whose contributions have helped our Nation become a more perfect union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.073 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H805 February 4, 2015 
The history of the United States has 
been marked by the great contribu-tions of African American activists, leaders, writers, and artists. As a Mem-ber of Congress, I stand on those shoul-ders. 
Their struggles and triumphs made it 
possible for me to stand here today and continue to fight for their values and really the values embedded in what America is all about: the values of equality and justice, progress for all, regardless of race, religion, gender, or sexual orientation. 
Mr. Speaker, I have two very special 
giants. They are my mother and father. Mrs. Ivalita ‘‘Ivy’’ Jackson, a voca-tional nurse, and Mr. Ezra C. Jackson, one of the first African Americans who was welcomed for a short period of time into the growing comic book pub-lishing business during World War II. 
That was the entertainment. Many 
Americans found stories of joy, drama, various superheroes, monsters, and a number of other things in the comic book business. 
In New York City, a young man by 
the name of Ezra Jackson was given the door as the youngest son of my grandmother, Olive Jackson, who had sent three sons off to World War II. My uncles each fought. The youngest son was to stay with his widow mother. In doing so, he found in himself a talent. 
Even today, I am very proud to say 
that his works have been shown in the Smithsonian. He is just an individual, one might say average man—an Afri-can American man—who suffered the indignities of discrimination and later found no place in that industry as he was being replaced by White citizens. 
I know that their strength—a mother 
in her tenacity and longstanding work at Booth Memorial Hospital—was the foundation for myself and my brother Michael Jackson and now with many who have come behind. They were be-loved parents, and they taught me the value of education, hard work, dis-cipline, perseverance, and caring for others. 
I know this is not family night, but I 
cite my husband, Dr. Elwyn Lee. He be-came the first tenured African Amer-ican professor at the University of Houston School of Law. 
There are many today that make 
their pathway standing on the shoul-ders of others. The most wonderful tribute that I like is to our military veterans who, as I indicated when I started, have fought in every war since the Revolutionary War—how amazing. 
These people came first in the bot-
tom of a belly of a slave boat as slaves. They can count their history to every single war, fighting on behalf of the sanctity and the security of our Na-tion. 
I remember joining Congressman 
J
OHNLEWIS and Congressman C HARLES  
RANGEL , a Korean war veteran, as we 
were invited to pay tribute to the Tuskegee Airmen and the 555th Para-chute Infantry Battalion, the famed ‘‘Triple Nickels.’’ I was honored to be able to be at that 
ceremony sponsored by the U.S. Army commemorating the 50th anniversary of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. 
Everything that we have gained has 
been because our soldiers, regardless of their race, religion, or background, were able to put on the uniform. I am very grateful to say that so many of those who put on the uniform, even when they were treated in an unfair manner in this country, proudly put on that uniform and fought for the Na-tion. 
I am reminded of all of them, Mr. 
Speaker, because they live amongst us in our communities, and as we have seen in the honoring of the Devils yes-terday, we see that they are so proud to wear their uniform. They have fought so hard. 
Let me salute all of our veterans and 
soldiers, and let me be reminded of those from the African American com-munity who went to serve, even as the laws of this Nation did not treat them fairly. 
I am well aware of the Tuskegee Air-
men because my father-in-law was a Tuskegee Airman, along with his wife, who was one of the supporters. Phillip Ferguson Lee and Ethiopia Lee, now 94 years old, received a Congressional Gold Medal. 
Of course, we know the story of the 
Tuskegee Airmen achieving one of the lowest loss records of all the escort fighter groups and being in constant demand for their services by the Allied bomber units, a record unmatched by any other fighter group. 
You know something, Mr. Speaker? 
These brave men and women, no mat-ter—as I indicated—what race, it is so interesting. They do not tell their story often. That is why I am so glad that the United States Congress over these last years has begun to honor all of these groups so that their story can be told and forever embedded in the history of this Nation. 
I want to go on to say that the im-
pressive feats of the Tuskegee Airmen were outstanding and astounding. I be-lieve that their efforts and much of the success of African American soldiers in World War II caused, in 1948, to per-suade President Harry Truman to issue his famous Executive Order—which I am so glad he issued—No. 9981, which directed equality of treatment and op-portunity in all of the United States Armed Forces and led to the end of ra-cial segregation in the United States military forces. 
One person to tell that story in the 
eloquent way that it has been told is General Colin Powell—or the famous Davis generals, ‘‘Chappie’’ Davis was who was one and well known—but Colin Powell tells that story. 
Clearly, these individuals bravely 
fought for their country, but they show that they had the right stuff. They are American history, and they certainly are a testament to Black history. 
Clearly, what began as an experiment 
to determine whether ‘‘colored’’ sol-diers were capable of operating expen-
sive and complex aircraft ended as an unqualified success, based on the expe-rience of the Tuskegee Airmen, whose record included 261 enemy aircraft de-stroyed, 148 aircraft of the enemy dam-aged, 15,553 combat sorties, and 1,578 missions over Italy and north Africa. 
They also destroyed or damaged over 
950 units of ground transportation and escorted more than 200 bombing mis-sions. They proved that ‘‘the antidote to racism is excellence in perform-ance,’’ as retired Lieutenant Colonel Herbert Carter once remarked. 
I take joy in this presentation and 
sharing this with my colleagues. It is Black History Month, but sometimes, we need to remember to say thank you to all Americans who have gone on be-fore us. This month, we happen to be focusing on African Americans. 
Who can forget United States Con-
gresswoman Shirley Chisholm and the strong voice that she was for the vul-nerable? A lady from Brooklyn, her first appointment in this Congress was to the Agriculture Committee. No, she didn’t run away from it. She ran to-ward it. Her famous statement is: ‘‘A tree grows in Brooklyn.’’ She ran for President. She made history there. 
There are others like Harriet Tub-
man—we call her General Moses—who led slaves to freedom up and down the east coast. She had a sharp tongue and told anybody that was lagging behind: You aren’t going to stay behind be-cause, if you did and got caught, all my others who are trying to escape would be captured. 
Certainly, Rosa Parks, who was a 
proud American, had the great for-titude—although a small woman who did tailoring work—to indicate in a way that subjected herself to being put in prison, put in jail, is that: I, too, am an American. 
I am so glad that Mae Jemison lives 
in my community. I obviously rep-resent the city that loves NASA and loves human space exploration. Mae Jemison, the first African American woman to go into space, now has dedi-cated herself to exposing young people to math, science, engineering, tech-nology, and creating more astronauts for the restored and reinvigorated human space exploration. That is a good thing. That is a very good thing. 
I believe we can look to work to-
gether in the 50th year of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. I am a member of the United States Congress and the Ju-diciary Committee, led by a man who made history himself at that time, J
OHNCONYERS , who has served in many 
capacities but has been a chair of the Judiciary Committee, being the first African American to ever chair that committee, but also a man that at every cornerstone of justice has a fight, whether it is sentencing, whether it is prison reform, whether it is deal-ing with the issues of copyright, whether it is the social justice issues. 
Let me say he was the first employer 
of Rosa Parks outside of her town of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:47 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.074 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H806 February 4, 2015 
Alabama where she made her historic 
stand in Montgomery, Alabama. She worked for Congressman J
OHN CON-
YERS . 
I mentioned this is the 50th anniver-
sary of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. We all know the story. I knew the story beforehand. I worked for the Southern Christian Leadership Conference. Right after the death of Dr. Martin Luther King, I knew the names of Hosea Wil-liams and James Orange and Ambas-sador Andrew Young as those who worked closely with Dr. King. Cer-tainly, Reverend Jesse Jackson had moved up to Operation PUSH. 
I say that to say that we know the 
story that it was the throngs of unnamed persons who pursued a simple right: the right to vote. I believe their heroic efforts have made it part of America’s history. 
I always believed one vote, one per-
son is not for me. It is not for whether you are White or Hispanic or Asian or African American. It is for America. I truly believe that they made the first step to tell America that a vote should be unfettered for every citizen. 
You should not be blocked from vot-
ing—and I hope, Mr. Speaker, we will get to that point—not selfishly for one group versus another, but I hope we will get to that point for all of Amer-ica. 
I think in this month of Black his-
tory commemoration, I need to give a challenge. That challenge needs to be that we need to pass the Voting Rights Act reauthorization as was crafted in the last Congress and supported by bi-partisan Members. 
I had the privilege to be one of the 
original cosponsors. Former Congress-man Spencer Bachus was on that bill with me. We had seen each other and marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge. He was, of course, a Represent-ative from Alabama. There was no forc-ing, no pushing. 
It was just quiet thought that this 
was the right thing to do by a number of Republican Members who supported that legislation in the last Congress, including one of the esteemed former chairmen of the Judiciary Committee, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . 
b1900 
But it was all about thinking that it 
is important not to block anyone from voting. I still think that that is the right thing. I think the premise is right. I think it is premised on the Constitution. 
There is no statement about voting 
in the Constitution, but there are statements of philosophy and rights and liberties, all driven by someone’s right to vote for a government that will promote religious freedom, free-dom of access, freedom of the press, freedom of speech, the right to a trial by jury, due process. 
Certainly, we know the 13th, 14th, 
and 15th Amendments were all geared toward the idea of freedom. And you can only secure freedom, one, by your wonderful men and women who are 
willing to stand in uniform and fight for us, many who have gone through the ages and shed their blood. 
But the other is an active and in-
volved and participatory civic society, and the actions of a civic society are their voice and their votes. 
I plead with my colleagues, let us 
make the vote and the voice real by supporting the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act, written to respond to the United States Supreme Court. 
I may have disagreed with the Su-
preme Court’s position on section 5, but, Mr. Speaker, I have a basic inter-nal mechanism that says you adhere to the law. You follow the law. You follow the dictates of the courts as they reach their final answer in the highest Court of the land. 
So we went to working on a structure 
that, in fact, was not pointed but broad, meaning that you would not point out certain States, you would just say that you couldn’t violate a person’s right to vote. 
And the good news is, you had the 
ability to work yourself out of the cov-erage of that act. That is a good thing—work yourself out. 
Then, if a State—though I don’t 
think it might happen with the diverse States that we have—wants to work its way in, we find a way to correct their laws that might be blocking someone’s right to vote. I am going to have the confidence that we are going to take that up and make a difference in the lives of all Americans. 
Let me move on to say that I hope 
my challenge will be accepted, and I hope that we will take the words of Dr. King. I enjoy reading his writings. He was more than, if you will, the civil rights leader. He was a man who thoughtfully crafted words and mes-sages to inspire and give us a road map. 
He had these famous words, ‘‘Why We 
Can’t Wait,’’ which were found in the 1960s. What a provocative statement. Is he trying to provoke people to vio-lence? Absolutely not. 
He was a committed, dedicated serv-
ant and disciple of Gandhi’s non-violence, and his own internal mecha-nism of nonviolence. It was in his DNA. He would not provoke any form of vio-lence. 
We should know that because, as the 
story looks back and things happened, if you were part of the SCLC, they were driven, they trained all of their foot soldiers in an absolute commitment to nonviolence. And if you showed any sign that you could not adhere, you would not be part of their efforts. 
Dr. King had some famous words that 
I like. I know and like many of his words, but this one: ‘‘Everybody can be great or anybody can serve. You only need a heart full of grace and a soul generated by love.’’ 
Let me also say, Mr. Speaker, it is 
important when you come up and talk about great people, that you don’t for-get home. And I just want to acknowl-edge some of the great leaders in my community. I can’t call all their 
names, but I do want to acknowledge Reverend F.N. Williams, Sr., one of the founding pastors of the Antioch Mis-sionary Baptist Church. His father was almost the founding father of Acres Homes, one of the great leaders in the 1920s and 30s, and he has carried on his civil rights legacy. 
Dr. S.J. Gilbert, Sr., who led the 
Mount Sinai Baptist Church. 
Reverend Crawford W. Kimble, who 
was the pastor of Barbara Jordan, an erudite man that wrote beautiful words of leadership and challenge. 
The late Reverend E. Stanley 
Branch, in essence, a Republican, who was a leader who brought all people to-gether. 
Reverend Dr. William A. Lawson, the 
founder of the Wheeler Avenue Baptist Church, who walked with Dr. King and is the go-to person on issues of, again, marching and fighting nonviolently for justice. 
Reverend Johnny Robeson, who was a 
great leader of the Baptist Ministers Association. And I remember him dis-tinctly not indicating what politics or party it was, but is it right, is it just? 
Commissioner El Franco Lee is the 
first African American Commissioner on the Harris County Commissioners. 
Mr. John Bland, one of the Texas 
Southern University students who marched to desegregate the various lunch counters. 
Ms. Ruby Mosley, up in age, who is a 
fighter for senior citizens and is a mother of Acres Homes. 
Ms. Dorothy Hubbard, the late Doro-
thy Hubbard, who, in fact, worked in my office and instructed me about how you serve and help people. 
Ms. Doris Hubbard, one of the first 
young persons to be active in the Texas Democratic Party and who has been a champion for equality and justice. 
Willie Bell Boone, another one who 
minces no words about fighting to make sure that everyone’s voice is heard. 
Holly HogoBrooks, who, again, is a 
great leader as it relates to the civil rights movement and the marching on the counters. 
Mr. Deloyd Parker founded this great 
organization called Shape, that has lifted the boats of inner city children, one by one. And out of that Shape Community Center have come doctors and lawyers, have come scientists and businesspersons. But they all have a heart for service. 
‘‘Doll’’ Carter, Ms. Lenora Carter, 
with her husband, was the founder of the Forward Times, I believe, the old-est newspaper. 
So you can see that Black history is 
a storytelling history. 
And so, as I close my remarks, I have 
to take a moment of personal privilege to be able to talk about something that I have enjoyed. 
You see, Mr. Speaker, around this 
time of year, in Houston, we have something called the Houston Live-stock Show and Rodeo. It is eons and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.075 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H807 February 4, 2015 
decades of years old. It goes back to 
our traditions as cowboys and cowgirls, and we are not going to let it go. 
So every year—we are coming up on 
it—it is probably going to go for, we say, almost two months that we are le-gitimately in our cowboy, cowgirl at-tire. 
I was privileged to be honored by the 
Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo Black Heritage Committee, which I helped found 20-some years ago because I knew that the Black cowboys and others wanted to be so much a part of it. 
I want to pay tribute to Verna Lee 
‘‘Boots’’ Booker, who was the first cow-girl, if you will, to be in the Houston rodeo. And I received that award. What a privilege to acknowledge that we are everywhere. She was a competitor, and I believe it was in the barrel competi-tion. But what an exciting night to re-call her history. 
So we are going to be rodeoing over 
the next couple of weeks, and I want to pay tribute to all of the trail riders, and particularly, those of African American heritage. They have carried on this tradition. 
I want to make mention, I know 
there are many others, but allow me to make mention of the Prairie View Trail Ride Association, which makes its annual trek to the Houston Live-stock Show and Rodeo in Hempstead. They rendezvous with a dozen other caravans at Memorial Park and they join the rodeo. 
Mr. Speaker, they stay out on the 
trail. This is real. They don’t get into a hotel and then get on their horses. They ride that trail for 2 and 3 and 4 weeks, and then come down to the rodeo on the day of the big rodeo pa-rade. 
The Prairie View Trail Ride was 
founded in 1957 by James Francies, Jr., Dr. Alfred N. Poindexter, and Myrtis Dightman. I know there are others, but these are those who started. 
Their mission was to promote agri-
cultural interest in young Americans and to perpetuate those principles and methods which have come to be re-garded as the ideals and traditions of the Western World as well as the Negro Western Heritage. 
I am glad that they wanted to perpet-
uate this great tradition and, particu-larly, among African Americans. 
A good many of the first Black cow-
boys were born into slavery but later found a better life on the open range. 
I know many of us have heard of the 
Buffalo Soldiers. The Indians called Af-rican American soldiers that because of the woolliness of their hair. They were on horses, and they were fighting as well for the viewpoint of that time. 
Some Black cowboys took up careers 
as rodeo performers, or were hired as Federal peace officers in Indian terri-tory. 
Our history weaves in and out, and it 
is a colorful history, and it mentions a number of people. I will mention Dan-iel W. ‘‘80 John’’ Wallace, who started riding the cattle trails in his adoles-
cence and ultimately worked for cattlemen Winfield Scott and Gus O’Keefe. He put his accumulated sav-ings toward the purchase of a ranch near Loraine, where he acquired more than 1,200 acres—that is a big deal—and 500 to 600 cattle. 
We have been ranching for a long 
time, and Texas has a great tradition. 
I want to talk about my friend, Mol-
lie Stevenson, a fourth-generation owner of the Taylor-Stevenson ranch. I would take my children out there. She would have little horses and ponies for them to run and ride. She founded the American Cowboy Museum to honor Black, Indian, and Mexican American cowboys, to be able to embrace every-one. 
Weekend rodeos featuring Black cow-
boys began in the late 1940s and contin-ued to be popular. The contests of the Negro Cowboys Rodeo Association is evident that we have a strong history. 
So I think it is important tonight 
that we salute the long history that we have had in many different areas and be able to say, as I close, again, that there is work yet to be done in the pouring forward of our history, wheth-er it is to reflect on the cowboys who, at times, were poorly fed, underpaid, overworked, deprived of sleep, prone to boredom and loneliness, but they kept on going; or it is to fix the criminal justice system of the 21st century, to be able to recognize that for all the cowboys and the historic persons whose names I have called, Dr. King and his wife, who stood alongside him, Coretta Scott King, that we fix together the criminal justice system, and that we work to find ways to work with law en-forcement; but we answer the questions of those grieving mothers, Trayvon Martin’s mother, Eric Garner’s mother, Sean Bell, Michael Brown, Tamir, and all of them, and we find ways to ensure the wives and family members of law enforcement, that, yes, your husband or wife, as a law enforcement officer, will come home. 
Over the years, I have worked with 
the Federal law enforcement as a mem-ber of the House Judiciary Committee. We have always found ways to make their life easier in terms of the quality of life and work and expanded cops on the beat programs, and so now we can come together on training and the grand jury system and prison reform, which are not prone to any one group in America. It is an American issue. 
I truly believe that the history of all 
people, the history of Americans, no matter what their background, is one of clinging to democracy and the prin-ciples of the Bill of Rights, that we all have a decent opportunity to be re-spected by our law enforcement proc-esses. Whether it is our courts or whether it is our process of trying cases, we all are to be respected. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, let me say 
that I end on the very note that this is a great country, and the history of Af-rican Americans has contributed to its greatness. Let us use the richness of 
their history to cast forward a new lot that will change America for the best as we move forward for justice, equal-ity and freedom. 
Mr. Speaker, this February we recognize 
and celebrate the 39th commemoration of Black History Month. 
This month we celebrate the contributions of 
African Americans to the history of our great nation, and pay tribute to trailblazers, pio-neers, heroes, and leaders like Rev. Dr. Mar-tin Luther King, Jr., Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, U.S. Senator Blanche Kelso Bruce, U.S. Congresswoman Barbara Jordan, U.S. Congressman Mickey Leland, Astronauts Dr. Guion Stewart Bluford Jr. and Mae C. Jemison, Frederick Douglass, Booker T. Washington, James Baldwin, Harriet Tub-man, Rosa Parks, Maya Angelou, Toni Morri-son, and Gwendolyn Brooks just to name a few of the countless number of well-known and unsung heroes whose contributions have helped our nation become a more perfect union. 
The history of the United States has been 
marked by the great contributions of African American activists, leaders, writers, and art-ists. 
As a member of Congress, I know that I 
stand on the shoulders of giants whose strug-gles and triumphs made it possible for me to stand here today and continue the fight for equality, justice, and progress for all, regard-less of race, religion, gender or sexual orienta-tion. 
The greatest of these giants to me are Mrs. 
Ivalita ‘‘Ivy’’ Jackson, a vocational nurse, and Mr. Ezra A. Jackson, one of the first African- Americans to succeed in the comic book pub-lishing business. 
They were my beloved parents and they 
taught me the value of education, hard work, discipline, perseverance, and caring for others. 
And I am continually inspired by Dr. Elwyn 
Lee, my husband and the first tenured African American law professor at the University of Houston. 
Mr. Speaker, I particularly wish to acknowl-
edge the contributions of African American veterans in defending from foreign aggressors 
and who by their courageous examples helped transform our nation from a segregated soci-ety to a nation committed to the never ending challenge of perfecting our union. 
Last year about this time, I was honored to 
join my colleagues, Congressman J
OHN LEWIS 
and Congressman C HARLES RANGEL , a Korean 
War veteran, in paying tribute to surviving members of the Tuskegee Airmen and the 555th Parachute Infantry, the famed ‘‘Triple Nickels’’ at a moving ceremony sponsored by the U.S. Army commemorating the 50th Anni-versary of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. 
The success of the Tuskegee Airmen in es-
corting bombers during World War II achieving one of the lowest loss records of all the escort fighter groups, and being in constant demand for their services by the allied bomber units— is a record unmatched by any other fighter group. 
So impressive and astounding were the 
feats of the Tuskegee Airmen that in 1948, it helped persuade President Harry Truman to issue his famous Executive Order No. 9981, which directed equality of treatment and op-portunity in all of the United States Armed Forces and led to the end of racial segrega-tion in the U.S. military forces. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K04FE7.077 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H808 February 4, 2015 
It is a source of enormous and enduring 
pride that my father-in-law, Phillip Ferguson Lee, was one of the Tuskegee Airmen. 
Clearly, what began as an experiment to de-
termine whether ‘‘colored’’ soldiers’ were ca-pable of operating expensive and complex combat aircraft ended as an unqualified suc-cess based on the experience of the Tuskegee Airmen, whose record included 261 aircraft destroyed, 148 aircraft damaged, 15,553 combat sorties and 1,578 missions over Italy and North Africa. 
They also destroyed or damaged over 950 
units of ground transportation and escorted more than 200 bombing missions. They proved that ‘‘the antidote to racism is excel-lence in performance,’’ as retired Lt. Col. Her-bert Carter once remarked. 
Mr. Speaker, Black History Month is also a 
time to remember many pioneering women like U.S. Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm; activists Harriet Tubman and Rosa Parks; as-tronaut Mae C. Jemison; authors Maya Angelou, Toni Morrison, and Gwendolyn Brooks; all of whom have each in their own way, whether through courageous activism, cultural contributions, or artistic creativity, forged social and political change, and forever changed our great Nation for the better. 
It is also fitting, Mr. Speaker, that in addition 
to those national leaders who contributions have made our nation better, we honor also those who have and are making a difference in their local communities. 
In my home city of Houston, there are nu-
merous great men and women. They are great because they have heeded the counsel of Dr. King who said: ‘‘Everybody can be great be-cause anybody can serve. You only a need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.’’ 
By that measure, I wish to pay tribute to 
some of the great men and women of Hous-ton: 
1. Rev. F.N. Williams, Sr. 2. Rev. Dr. S.J. Gilbert, Sr. 3. Rev. Crawford W. Kimble 4. Rev. Eldridge Stanley Branch 5. Rev. William A. Lawson 6. Rev. Johnnie Jeffery ‘‘J.J.’’ Robeson 7. Mr. El Franco Lee 8. Mr. John Bland 9. Ms. Ruby Moseley 
10. Ms. Dorothy Hubbard 11. Ms. Doris Hubbard 12. Ms. Willie Bell Boone 13. Ms. Holly HogoBrooks 14. Mr. Deloyd Parker 15. Ms. Lenora ‘‘Doll’’ Carter As we celebrate Black History Month, let us 
pay tribute to those who have come before us, and pay forward to future generations by ad-dressing what is the number one issue for Af-rican American families, and all American fam-ilies today: preserving the American promise of economic opportunity for all. 
Our immediate focus must be job creation, 
and enacting legislation that will foster and lay the foundation for today’s and tomorrow’s gen-eration of groundbreaking activists, leaders, scientists, writers and artists to continue con-tributing to the greatness of America. 
We must work to get Americans back to 
work. We must continue to preserve the Amer-ican Dream for all. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand here in 
celebration of the heroic and historic acts of African Americans and their indispensable contributions to this great Nation. It is through our work in creating possibilities 
for today and future generations that we best honor the accomplishments and legacy of our predecessors. 
PRAIRIE VIEW TRAIL RIDE ASSOCIATION  
The Prairie View Trail Ride Association 
makes an annual trek to the Houston Live-stock Show and Rodeo in Hempstead. 
They then rendezvous with a dozen other 
caravans at Memorial Park where they will join the rodeo parade in downtown Houston. 
The Prairie View Trail Ride Association was 
founded in 1957 by James Francies Jr., Dr. Alfred N. Poindexter and Myrtis Dightman Sr. 
This group’s mission statement says: ‘‘The 
purpose of the Prairie View Trail is to promote agricultural interest in young Americans and to perpetuate those principals and methods which have come to be regarded as the ideals and traditions of the Western World as well as the Negro Western Heritage. 
PVTR serves as a booster for the Houston 
Livestock Show and Rodeo and supports Prai-rie View A&M University in their educational programs.’’ 
BLACK COWBOYS OF TEXAS  
Black cowboys have been part of Texas his-
tory since the early nineteenth century, when they first worked on ranches throughout the state. 
A good many of the first black cowboys 
were born into slavery but later found a better life on the open range, where they experi-enced less open discrimination than in the city. 
After the Civil War many were employed as 
horsebreakers and for other tasks, but few of them became ranch foremen or managers. 
Some black cowboys took up careers as 
rodeo performers or were hired as federal peace officers in Indian Territory. 
Others ultimately owned their own farms 
and ranches, while a few who followed the lure of the Wild West became gunfighters and outlaws. 
Significant numbers of African Americans 
went on the great cattle drives originating in the Southwest in the late 1800s. Black cow-boys predominated in ranching sections of the Coastal Plain between the Sabine and Guada-lupe rivers. 
A number of them achieved enviable reputa-
tions. Bose Ikard, a top hand and drover for rancher Charles Goodnight, also served him as his chief detective and banker. 
Daniel W. (80 John) Wallace started riding 
the cattle trails in his adolescence and ulti-mately worked for cattlemen Winfield Scott and Gus O’Keefe. He put his accumulated savings toward the purchase of a ranch near Loraine, where he acquired more than 1,200 acres and 500 to 600 cattle. 
He was a member of the Texas and South-
western Cattle Raisers Association for more than thirty years. William Pickett made his name as one of the most outstanding Wild West rodeo performers in the country and is credited with originating the modern event known as bulldogging. He was inducted into the National Cowboy Hall of Fame in 1971. 
Black cowboys have continued to work in 
the ranching industry throughout the twentieth century, and African Americans who inherited family-owned ranches have attempted to bring public recognition to the contributions of their ancestors. 
Mollie Stevenson, a fourth-generation owner 
of the Taylor-Stevenson Ranch near Houston, founded the American Cowboy Museum to 
honor black, Indian, and Mexican-American cowboys. Weekend rodeos featuring black cowboys began in the late 19405 and continue to be popular. 
These contests owe their existence to the 
Negro Cowboys Rodeo Association, formed in 1947 by a group of East Texas black busi-nessmen-ranchers and cowboys. 
In the early days of Texas, the work of the 
cowhand was essential to the newly arrived settlers building a life on the frontier. 
The story of the Anglo cowboys who worked 
the ranches of Texas is well known, but much more remains to be discovered about the Afri-can American cowhands who worked side-by- side with the vaqueros and Anglo cowboys. 
The cowboy learned his craft from the 
vaqueros of New Spain an Texas when it was the northern territory of Mexico, as well as from the stock raisers of the South. 
Such a life was hardly glamorous. Poorly 
fed, underpaid, overworked, deprived of by snakes or tripped by prairie dog holes. 
Work centered on the fall and spring round-
ups, when scattered cattle were sleep, and prone to boredom and loneliness, cowboys choked in the dust, were cold at night, and suffered broken bones in falls and spills from horses spooked collected and driven to a place for branding, sorting for market, cas-trating, and in later years, dipping in vats to prevent tick fever. 
African American cowboys, however, also 
had to survive discrimination, bigotry, and prej-udice. 
The lives of these cowhands tell a story of 
skill and grit, as they did what was necessary to gain the trust and respect of those who controlled their destiny. 
That meant being the best at roping, bronc 
busting, taming mustangs, calling the brands, controlling the remuda, or topping off horses. 
From scattered courthouse records, writings, 
and interviews with a few of the African Amer-ican cowhands who were part of the history of Texas, Sara R. Massey and a host of writers have retrieved the stories of a more diverse cattle industry than has been previously re-corded. 
Twenty-five writers here recount tales of Af-
rican Americans such as Peter Martin, who hauled freight and assisted insurgents in a re-bellion against the Mexican government while building a herd of cattle that allowed him to own (through a proxy) rental houses in town. 
Bose Ikard, a friend of Charles Goodnight, 
went on Goodnight’s first cattle drive, opening the Goodnight-Loving Trail. Johanna July, a Black Seminole woman, had her own method of taming horses in the Rio Grande for the sol-diers at Fort Duncan. 
These cowhands, along with others across 
the state, had an important role that has been too long omitted from most history books. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 7 o’clock and 13 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, February 5, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.031 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H809 February 4, 2015 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
313. A letter from the Chairman, Occupa-
tional Safety and Health Review Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s Buy American Act Report for fiscal year 2014, pursuant to 41 U.S.C. 10a(b), as amended; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
314. A letter from the Director, Defense Se-
curity Cooperation Agency, transmitting the Agency’s reports containing the September 30, 2014, status of loans and guarantees issued under Section 25(a)(11) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
315. A letter from the Under Secretary for 
Industry and Security, Department of Com-merce, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Rus-sian Sanctions: Licensing Policy for the Cri-mea Region of Ukraine’’, pursuant to the Ex-port Administration Act, section 6(f)(2), under the authority conferred by Executive Order 13222, as amended and extended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
316. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than trea-ties, entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
317. A letter from the Administrator, Agen-
cy for International Development, transmit-ting the Fiscal Year 2014 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to the Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act (FMFIA) of 1982; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
318. A letter from the Board Chair and 
Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Admin-istration, transmitting notification that the Administration complied with the Govern-ment in the Sunshine Act for calendar year 2014, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 552b(j); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
319. A letter from the Congressional Rela-
tions, Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, transmitting the Service’s annual report for Fiscal Year 2014, prepared in ac-cordance with Title II, Section 203 of the No-tification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 107-174; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
320. A letter from the Secretary of the 
Board of Governors, U.S. Postal Service, transmitting the Service’s 2014 report to Congress, as required by Section 3686(c) of the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act of 2006; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
321. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Fiscal Year 2013 Report to Congress on the Funding Requirements for Contract Support Costs, pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 450j-1(c); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
322. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Safety Management Sys-tems for Domestic, Flag, and Supplemental Operations Certificate Holders [Docket No.: FAA-2009-0671; Amendment Nos.: 5-1 and 119- 17] (RIN: 2120-AJ86) received January 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 323. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 30993; Amdt. No.: 3622] received January 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
324. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 30996; Amdt. No.: 3624] received January 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
325. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 30995; Amdt. No.: 3623] received January 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
326. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2013-0692; Directorate Identifier 2012-NM-024- AD; Amendment 39-18031; AD 2014-23-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
327. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0587; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-219- AD; Amendment 39-18059; AD 2014-26-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
328. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0580; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-081-AD; Amendment 39-18062; AD 2015-01-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
329. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Ltd. Air-planes [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0108; Direc-torate Identifier 2013-CE-052-AD; Amendment 39-18063; AD 2015-01-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived January 30, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
330. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0927; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-230- AD; Amendment 39-18068; AD 2014-26-53] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
331. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-
tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0924; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-228- AD; Amendment 39-18067; AD 2014-25-51] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received January 30, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
332. A letter from the Chairman and Vice 
Chairman, U.S.-China Economic and Secu-rity Review Commission, transmitting noti-fication about a Commission survey regard-ing cyber threats to U.S. critical infrastruc-ture; jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means, Foreign Affairs, and Armed Services. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. YODER (for himself, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
ADERHOLT , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. A MASH , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
BILIRAKIS , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mrs. B LACK , 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B LUM, Ms. B ONAMICI , 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. B UCHANAN , 
Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
CALVERT , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C OLE, Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. D ENT, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D EUTCH , 
Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. D OLD, Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mrs. E LLMERS , Mr. E MMER , Ms. 
ESHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. F LORES , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. F RANKS  
of Arizona, Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Ms. F UDGE , 
Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G ARRETT , 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
GOWDY , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
GUTHRIE , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H ARRIS , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Mr. H ILL, Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. H UDSON , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. H UIZENGA  
of Michigan, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
HURDof Texas, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. 
JOYCE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
KINZINGER of Illinois, Ms. K USTER , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L ATTA , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. L ONG, Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
Mrs. L OVE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-
ico, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
NOLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. N UNES , 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
PAULSEN , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. P OSEY , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04FE7.000 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H810 February 4, 2015 
RIBBLE , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mrs. 
ROBY, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. R UIZ, 
Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S ABLAN , 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. 
SCHOCK , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S IMPSON , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
TIBERI , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , 
Mr. T URNER , Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
WALKER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. W EBSTER  
of Florida, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. W OMACK , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. Y OUNG of Indi-
ana, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. R ICHMOND , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. S HERMAN , and Ms. P INGREE ): 
H.R. 699. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to update the privacy protec-tions for electronic communications infor-mation that is stored by third-party service providers in order to protect consumer pri-vacy interests while meeting law enforce-ment needs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for 
himself and Mr. B
ARTON ): 
H.R. 700. A bill to amend titles XIX and 
XXI of the Social Security Act to provide for 12-month continuous enrollment of individ-uals under the Medicaid program and Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WALBERG (for himself and Mr. 
K
ILDEE ): 
H.R. 701. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to expand access to Cover-dell education savings accounts; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BARTON (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
AWAY , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. S ALMON , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. C AR-
TER of Texas, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. 
PEARCE ): 
H.R. 702. A bill to adapt to changing crude 
oil market conditions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. 
W
EBER of Texas, Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. F OXX, Mr. H ANNA , 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. M EAD-
OWS, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. D ENT, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. D UN-
CAN of Tennessee, Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. O LSON , Mr. F LORES , 
Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. N UGENT , 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. 
MARCHANT , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. B RADY of Texas, 
Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. 
ROHRABACHER ): 
H.R. 703. A bill to repeal the renewable fuel 
program of the Environmental Protection Agency; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. 
C
OSTA , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. VALADAO , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. D ENT, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
RICEof South Carolina, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Utah, Mr. C OLE, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. H ILL, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. H URT 
of Virginia, Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. R OO-
NEY of Florida, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. H ANNA , 
and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona): 
H.R. 704. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act 
to eliminate certain requirements under the renewable fuel program, to prohibit the Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from approving the introduction into commerce of gasoline that contains greater than 10-volume-percent ethanol, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 705. A bill to amend the authorization 
in title 49, United States Code, for capital grants for rail line relocation projects; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself 
and Mr. M
ASSIE ): 
H.R. 706. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prevent unjust and irrational criminal punishments; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ (for himself, Ms. 
G
ABBARD , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. K INGof Iowa, 
Mr. D ENT, Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. 
FORBES ): 
H.R. 707. A bill to restore long-standing 
United States policy that the Wire Act pro-hibits all forms of Internet gambling, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. 
C
OHEN , Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. 
DESJARLAIS ): 
H.R. 708. A bill to prohibit, as an unfair 
and deceptive act or practice in commerce, the sale or use of certain software to cir-cumvent control measures used by Internet ticket sellers to ensure equitable consumer access to tickets for any given event, and to provide for criminal penalties for such acts; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. 
C
HABOT , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. B OUSTANY , 
Mr. T IPTON , Mrs. B LACK , Ms. J ENKINS  
of Kansas, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. 
PAULSEN , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. R IBBLE , 
Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. 
KLINE, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Ohio, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. R OSS, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. D UN-
CANof South Carolina, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. R EED, and Mrs. R OBY): 
H.R. 709. A bill to provide for the termi-
nation of employment of employees of the Internal Revenue Service who take certain official actions for political purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mrs. 
MILLER of Michigan): 
H.R. 710. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to prepare a comprehen-sive security assessment of the transpor-tation security card program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself 
and Mr. N
EAL): 
H.R. 711. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to repeal the windfall elimination provision and protect the retire-ment of public servants; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mrs. E LLMERS , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. S MITH 
of Texas, Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. 
TROTT ): 
H.R. 712. A bill to impose certain limita-
tions on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accord-ance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. BUCSHON: 
H.R. 713. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to disallow the refundable portion of the child credit to taxpayers using individual taxpayer identification numbers issued by the Internal Revenue Service; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself, Mr. 
J
ONES , and Mr. P ETERS ): 
H.R. 714. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-
tion Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit the conversion of leadership PAC funds to per-sonal use; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 715. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to give members of the United States Capitol Police the option to delay mandatory retirement until age 60; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida, Ms. C LARKE of New York, 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. E STY, Mr. F ARR, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, 
Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. M OORE , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Ms. T SONGAS , and Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): 
H.R. 716. A bill to require breast density re-
porting to physicians and patients by facili-ties that perform mammograms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Ms. J
UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
SABLAN , Ms. L EE, Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S PEIER , and 
Ms. C LARKE of New York): 
H.R. 717. A bill to amend section 
1111(h)(1)(C)(i) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to require that annual State report cards reflect the same race groups as the decennial census of popu-lation; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. C
ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. N ORTON , and 
Mr. L OWENTHAL ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04FE7.100 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H811 February 4, 2015 
H.R. 718. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 in order to support the community schools model; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Miss R
ICE 
of New York, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. 
SANFORD ): 
H.R. 719. A bill to require the Transpor-
tation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations re-garding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Miss R
ICE 
of New York, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. H UD-
SON, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, and Ms. M AXINE WATERS  
of California): 
H.R. 720. A bill to improve intergovern-
mental planning for and communication dur-ing security incidents at domestic airports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, 
Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois, and Mr. L IPINSKI ): 
H.R. 721. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. Y
OUNG of Indiana, Mr. 
BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
CALVERT , Mr. R OKITA , and Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas): 
H.R. 722. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide for investigative leave requirements for members of the Sen-ior Executive Service, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York): 
H.R. 723. A bill to provide Capitol-flown 
flags to the immediate family of fire fight-ers, law enforcement officers, members of rescue squads or ambulance crews, and pub-lic safety officers who are killed in the line of duty; to the Committee on House Admin-istration. 
By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Mrs. 
B
LACKBURN ): 
H.R. 724. A bill to amend title I of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act to impose restrictions on the risk corridor pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, Mr. L ONG, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof 
Georgia, and Mr. D UNCAN of Ten-
nessee): 
H.R. 725. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate tax and retain stepped-up basis at death; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. 
M
ASSIE , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. O’R OURKE , 
and Mr. N ADLER ): 
H.R. 726. A bill to prohibit Federal agen-
cies from mandating the deployment of vulnerabilities in data security technologies; to the Committee on Intelligence (Perma-nent Select), and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-
sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PIERLUISI (for himself, Mr. 
S
ERRANO , Mr. B EYER , Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
CROWLEY , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. 
FUDGE , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HOYER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K IND, Mr. K INGof 
New York, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. L AR-
SON of Connecticut, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. P OLIS, Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN , Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , 
Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, 
Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka): 
H.R. 727. A bill to set forth the process for 
Puerto Rico to be admitted as a State of the Union; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself, 
Mr. C
LAY, Mrs. W AGNER , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. G RAVES  
of Missouri, Mr. L ONG, and Mr. S MITH 
of Missouri): 
H.R. 728. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office‘‘; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself and Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ): 
H.R. 729. A bill to provide for a Medicare 
demonstration project to evaluate the fiscal impact of covering low vision devices as du-
rable medical equipment under part B of the Medicare program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 730. A bill to amend the District of Co-
lumbia Home Rule Act to eliminate Congres-sional review of newly-passed District laws; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NUGENT (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia, Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. J OLLY ): 
H.R. 731. A bill to reauthorize and improve 
the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Act of 2004; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RUIZ (for himself, Mrs. 
W
ALORSKI , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Mr. 
RANGEL ): 
H.R. 732. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the opportunity for veterans to use video conferencing for hear-
ings before the Board of Veterans’ Appeals; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. 
G
OSAR , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. L ONG, 
Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and 
Mr. P OEof Texas): 
H.R. 733. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-
trition Act of 2008 to require households that receive supplemental nutrition assistance benefits to present photographic verification 
at the time food is purchased with such bene-fits; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. SCALISE (for himself, Mr. W
AL-
DEN, and Ms. E SHOO ): 
H.R. 734. A bill to amend the Communica-
tions Act of 1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congres-sional oversight and reduce reporting bur-dens; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. SERRANO (for himself and Mr. 
R
ANGEL ): 
H.R. 735. A bill to lift the trade embargo on 
Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, Financial Services, the Judi-ciary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Agriculture, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 736. A bill to authorize the appropria-
tion of funds to be used to recruit, hire, and train 100,000 new classroom paraprofessionals in order to improve educational achievement for children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 737. A bill to amend the Food, Drug, 
and Cosmetic Act and the egg, meat, and poultry inspection laws to ensure that con-sumers receive notification regarding food products produced from crops, livestock, or poultry raised on land on which sewage sludge was applied; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SERRANO (for himself and Mr. 
R
ANGEL ): 
H.R. 738. A bill to waive certain prohibi-
tions with respect to nationals of Cuba com-ing to the United States to play organized professional baseball; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 739. A bill to permit members of the 
House of Representatives to donate used computer equipment to public elementary and secondary schools designated by the members; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 740. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a business credit relating to the use of clean-fuel and fuel effi-cient vehicles by businesses within areas des-ignated as nonattainment areas under the Clean Air Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 741. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow taxpayers to des-ignate income tax overpayments as contribu-tions to the United States Library Trust 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04FE7.100 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H812 February 4, 2015 
Fund; to the Committee on Ways and Means, 
and in addition to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. B
ERA, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. E STY, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
HECKof Washington, Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Mr. K ILMER , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L OEBSACK , 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, 
Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. 
MOORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Ms. T ITUS, Ms. T SONGAS , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of 
California): 
H.R. 742. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to ensure that women members of the Armed Forces and their families have access to the contraception they need in order to promote the health and readiness of all members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. STEWART: 
H.R. 743. A bill to improve rangeland con-
ditions and restore grazing levels within the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monu-ment, Utah; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. 
W
ELCH , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, and Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H.R. 744. A bill to authorize the collection 
of supplemental payments to increase con-gressional investments in medical research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on 
Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WALDEN (for himself, Mr. 
W
ELCH , Mr. N UNES , and Mr. N EAL): 
H.R. 745. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to increase access to ambulance services under the Medicare pro-gram and to reform payments for such serv-ices under such program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. H ONDA , and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO ): 
H. Con. Res. 14. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that John Ar-thur ‘‘Jack’’ Johnson should receive a post-humous pardon for the racially motivated conviction in 1913 that diminished the ath-letic, cultural, and historic significance of Jack Johnson and unduly tarnished his rep-
utation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself, Ms. 
B
ORDALLO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. D ENT, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. L EVIN, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
NOLAN , Ms. L EE, and Mr. C ICILLINE ): 
H. Res. 86. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of February 4, 2015, as Na-tional Cancer Prevention Day; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H. Res. 87. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on the Budget in the One Hundred Fourteenth Con-gress; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. 
E
NGEL ): 
H. Res. 88. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on For-eign Affairs in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. 
By Mr. VARGAS: 
H. Res. 89. A resolution supporting ‘‘United 
States Foreign Service Day’’ in recognition of the men and women who have served, or are presently serving, in the Foreign Service of the United States, and to honor those in the Foreign Service who have given their lives in the line of duty; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. VARGAS: 
H. Res. 90. A resolution recognizing the im-
portance of the United States International Boundary Water Commission (USIBWC) and its recent efforts to address trash, sediment, and water quality issues with their Mexican counterparts, Comisio ´n Internacional de 
Lı´mites y Aguas (CILA), through a proposed 
minute; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. POCAN: 
H.R. 649. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. 
By Mr. YODER: 
H.R. 699. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment IV The right of the people to be secure in 
their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly de-scribing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. 
By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 700. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 701. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. Clause 1: The Congress shall have the 
Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be 
necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. BARTON: 
H.R. 702. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
regulate commerce with foreign Nations . . .’’ 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: 
H.R. 703. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3. Because the 
federal government has extended Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the commerce clause) be-yond its intended boundaries, it follows that efforts to rein in excessive federal govern-ment encroachment in this area can be justi-fied by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: 
H.R. 704. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3. Because the 
federal government has extended Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the commerce clause) be-yond its intended boundaries, it follows that efforts to rein in excessive federal govern-ment encroachment in this area can be justi-fied by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 705. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution 
By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: 
H.R. 706. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Aritcle I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H.R. 707. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
ARTICLE 1, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 3 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 708. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 states that Congress 
has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. RENACCI: 
H.R. 709. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 710. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:34 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L04FE7.100 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H813 February 4, 2015 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 711. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Congress, which grants Congress, ‘‘the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises . . .’’ 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.R. 712. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1 of the United States 
Constitution, Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, including, but not limited to, Clauses 1, 3, and 18, and Arti-cle III of the United States Constitution, Section 2 
By Mr. BUCSHON: 
H.R. 713. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 714. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 3, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common De-fense and general welfare of the United States;’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 715. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sec.5, Clause 2: ‘‘Each House may 
determine the Rules of its Proceedings . . .’’ 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 716. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 717. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 718. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. KATKO: 
H.R. 719. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution of the United States 
By Mr. KATKO: 
H.R. 720. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution of the United States 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 721. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 722. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 8, cl. 18 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 723. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. LANCE: 
H.R. 724. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sec. 8, Clause 1, of the United 
States Constitution 
This states that ‘‘Congress shall have 
power to . . . lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
By Mr. LATTA: 
H.R. 725. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Taxation: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 726. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. PIERLUISI: 
H.R. 727. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to admit new States into the Union and to make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territories of the United States, as enumerated in Section 3 of Article IV of the Constitution. 
By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: 
H.R. 728. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power to . . . establish Post Offices and post Roads . . .’’ In the Constitu-tion, the power possessed by Congress em-braces the regulation of the Postal System in the country. Therefore, the proposed legis-lation in naming a post office would fall under the powers granted to Congress in the Constitution. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 729. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: to provide for the com-
mon defense and general welfare. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 730. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. NUGENT: 
H.R. 731. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. RUIZ: 
H.R. 732. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution, to make all laws nec-essary and proper to carry out the powers of Congress. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 733. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. 
By Mr. SCALISE: 
H.R. 734. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 735. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, which gives 
Congress the power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives 
Congress the power ‘‘To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers.’’ 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 736. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, which gives 
Congress the power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes,’’ Article I Section 8, Clause 1, which give Congress the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposets and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States,’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives Congress the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers.’’ 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 737. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 738. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, which gives 
Congress the power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4, which gives 
Congress the power ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives 
Congress the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers.’’ 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 739. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2 of section 5 of article I of the Con-
stitution, which states: ‘‘Each House may determine the Rules of its Proceedings, pun-ish its Members for disorderly Behaviour, and, with the Concurrence of two thirds, expel a Member.’’ 
Additionally, Congress has the power to 
enact this legislation under Clause 2 of sec-tion 3 of article IV of the Constitution, which states that ‘‘The Congress shall have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.038 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H814 February 4, 2015 
Power to dispose of and make all needful 
Rules and Regulations respecting the Terri-tory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 740. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution, which states that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts and excises. . .’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution, which states that Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. SERRANO: 
H.R. 741. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 742. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. STEWART: 
H.R. 743. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 allows Con-
gress ‘‘[to] make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ Article IV, Section 3 
‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so con-strued as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ Article X 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: 
H.R. 744. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of section 8 of article 1 of the Con-
stitution 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article 1 of the Con-
stitution 
Clause 18 of section 8 of article 1 of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. WALDEN: 
H.R. 745. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion, which provies that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imports and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 25: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 27: Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 106: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 131: Mr. F INCHER and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 156: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 173: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 201: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 223: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 234: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 235: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. R US-
SELL, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. K INGof Iowa, 
Ms. M ENG, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
JONES , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. 
WALDEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
LONG, and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 247: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 263: Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 277: Mr. L AMBORN and Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 283: Mr. S ANFORD . 
H.R. 304: Mr. S CHIFF and Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 340: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 352: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. J ONES , and 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 379: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 402: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 429: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 430: Mr. R ICHMOND , Miss R ICEof New 
York, and Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 448: Mrs. C APPS , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 451: Mr. C ALVERT and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 455: M ISSRICEof New York. 
H.R. 465: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 483: Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
and Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 509: Mr. R USHand M ISSRICEof New 
York. 
H.R. 525: Mr. S ANFORD and Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 529: Ms. K USTER , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
HECKof Nevada, and Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 531: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 537: Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 541: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 544: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 546: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
DOGGETT , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 551: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. S CHRA -
DER. 
H.R. 565: Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. N ORTON , 
and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 586: Mr. R UIZand Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 592: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-
ico, Mr. O LSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and 
Mr. L ONG. 
H.R. 594: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. 
MULLIN , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. D IAZ- 
BALART , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mrs. E LLMERS , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. J ORDAN , 
Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 595: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 598: Mr. P ITTENGER and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 599: Mr. K LINE, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 608: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C LAY, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. L EWIS, 
Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 614: Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. 
H.R. 622: Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 631: Mrs. R OBYand Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 641: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. 
PINGREE , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. S ESSIONS , 
and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 644: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 654: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. P ITTENGER , 
and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 662: Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 664: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 676: Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 680: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 684: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. 
HUFFMAN . 
H.R. 696: Mr. K IND. 
H.J. Res. 1: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.J. Res. 2: Mr. H ARDY , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. G RAVES of Geor-
gia. 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.J. Res. 14: Mr. S ANFORD . 
H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
BUCSHON , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. B ARR, Mr. H ARRIS , 
Mr. B URGESS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. C ONAWAY , 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. C HABOT , 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-
lina, and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. K ILDEE . 
H. Res. 24: Mrs. B USTOS and Ms. K APTUR . 
H. Res. 26: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H. Res. 32: Ms. P LASKETT . 
H. Res. 45: Mr. F ORBES . 
H. Res. 50: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. R USH. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. R USH, Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-
fornia, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
and Mr. P OCAN . 
H. Res. 56: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H. Res. 67: Ms. S PEIER . 
H. Res. 74: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative S COTT PETERS (CA) or a designee 
to H.R. 527 the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 279: Mr. R ANGEL . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE7.040 H04FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S741 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 2015 No. 19 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Spirit of God, descend on our hearts, 
for apart from You, life is a tale full of sound and fury signifying nothing. 
May our Senators walk in Your ways, 
keeping Your precepts with such integ-rity that they will honor You. Lord, in-cline their hearts to Your wisdom, pro-viding them with the understanding they need to accomplish Your purpose in our world. Let Your mercy protect them from the dangers of this life as they learn to find delight in Your com-mandments. Keep them ever mindful of the brevity of their days and the great-ness of their work. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to H.R. 240. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 5, H.R. 
240, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, it 
was good to see the new Senate come together and pass another bipartisan bill yesterday. It was a win for our Na-tion’s heroes. It was yet another win for the American people. But that was only one of the votes we took because just hours after joining Republicans to do something good for our veterans, Democrats voted to block funding for the Department of Homeland Security. It was enough to give anyone whiplash. 
Now Americans are wondering, what 
could possibly lead Democrats to fili-buster Homeland Security funding? The legislation Democrats are filibus-tering would fund the Department of Homeland Security. It would also pro-tect American democracy from over-reach, described by President Obama as ‘‘unwise and unfair.’’ That is it. You would think that a bill such as this would pass overwhelmingly. You would think that at least the Democrats would allow the Senate an opportunity to improve the bill if it needs to be im-proved. But Democrats voted to fili-buster the bill outright. They pre-vented the legislation from even being debated. 
Today’s Democratic Party seems 
willing to go to any extreme to protect the kind of Executive overreach Presi-dent Obama once described as ‘‘not how our democracy functions.’’ It would go so far as to block Homeland Security funding and to give the President the 
opportunity to continue to do what he is doing. 
The whole situation is a bit per-
plexing given what some of our col-leagues said just a few weeks ago, given what they said about the over-reach President Obama referred to as ‘‘ignoring the law.’’ One Democratic Senator said that ‘‘the President shouldn’t make such significant policy changes on his own.’’ Another Senator claimed he was ‘‘concerned about the 
constitutional separation of powers.’’ He said, ‘‘The Constitution doesn’t say if the Congress fails to act then the President can do x, y, and z. It just doesn’t.’’ A third Democratic Senator had this to say of the President’s plan for overreach: ‘‘It makes me uncom-fortable.’’ Yet all of these Senators voted to shut down debate and block funding for the Department of Home-land Security. Every last Democrat voted to filibuster rather than work across the aisle to address the very issue they claim to be concerned about. 
Perhaps today’s Democratic Party is 
so devoted to the right of politicians to engage in action that would, as the President seemed to imply, ‘‘violate the law,’’ that it cannot tolerate dis-sent. But that is no reason to shut down the Department of Homeland Se-curity. That is no reason to prevent the Senate from even debating whether to fund the Department. 
So the Democrats’ Homeland Secu-
rity filibuster needs to end now. Demo-cratic Senators who say they are seri-ous about keeping our Nation safe and 
addressing what President Obama ac-knowledged as ‘‘unwise and unfair’’ overreach need to prove it. 
RECOGNITION OF THE ACTING MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, yester-
day we were informed of another bar-baric act by ISIS—literally burning a Jordanian pilot to death in a cage. This follows news reports of beheadings of Japanese citizens, Americans, and so many others. It is an indication of the threat not just to the Middle East but to the world of terrorism in its ex-treme, as ISIS demonstrates on a reg-ular basis. 
It was ironic that the same day we 
learned this, I visited the Department of Homeland Security and met with the Secretary, Jeh Johnson, and talked about the political strategy of the Re-publicans when it comes to funding the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S742 February 4, 2015 
Department of Homeland Security—the 
same Department that is responsible for keeping America safe from the threat of terrorism. 
You see, the Presiding Officer knows 
well that when we were here in Decem-ber passing an omnibus appropriations bill, the House Republicans insisted that one agency be singled out and not properly funded, one agency of our gov-ernment: the Department of Homeland Security. They funded every other agency of the government to Sep-tember 30 of this year in a regular ap-propriations process but refused—the Republicans refused to fund the De-partment of Homeland Security. Why? They wanted to reserve the right to fight with the President over the issue of immigration. They wanted to re-serve the right to object to any Execu-tive action taken by the President re-lated to immigration. Their forum for this objection? The appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security. 
Yesterday Secretary Johnson came 
to our Democratic caucus lunch to ex-plain what it was like to manage a de-partment of our government under a continuing resolution. That is the technical name in our Budget Act for temporary funding. He said it was like driving a car with a gas tank that only held 5 gallons of gasoline and not being sure where the next service station was going to turn up. He said: That is how I am called on now to run the Depart-ment of Homeland Security—the De-partment that we entrust more than any other to keep us safe from ter-rorism. 
Why? Why would the Republicans 
choose this Department to single out and not properly fund? At a time when we are facing threats of ghastly ter-rorism in this world that we have not seen, why would the Republicans insist on making the appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security the forum for their debate with President Obama? 
Now the Senator from Kentucky, our 
majority leader, comes to the floor and says: Well, yesterday the Democrats refused to vote to fund the Department 
of Homeland Security. 
I will make a point for the record 
here that when the majority leader turns to page 12 of the publication sit-ting on his desk, the Calendar of Busi-ness of the Senate, when he turns to page 12, he should look at line 7 on page 12 of the Calendar of Business of the Senate, and there he will find S. 272, introduced by Senator J
EANNE  
SHAHEEN of New Hampshire and Sen-
ator M IKULSKI of Maryland. 
Let me read what S. 272 is: 
A bill making appropriations for the De-
partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Read the second time and placed on 
the calendar on January 28. 
This bill will fund the Department of 
Homeland Security. This bill is a clean appropriations bill. 
If you look at the bill Senator 
M
CCONNELL and others have brought to the floor for funding the Department of 
Homeland Security—I invite the Sen-ator from Kentucky and those who are interested in debate to turn to page 55. Start reading on page 55 the general provisions that were sent to us by the House of Representatives—page after page of riders and restrictions on the appropriations for the Department of 
Homeland Security. 
You see, the House of Representa-
tives said: We will only fund the De-partment of Homeland Security if we can have our way when it comes to these restrictions on how they spend money. 
Well, what is it that is so important 
to the House Republicans and Senate Republicans that they are willing to risk funding of the Department of Homeland Security? What is it that is holding them up from putting the re-sources in the hands of Secretary John-son and this Department that they need to keep America safe? It must be something that is momentous, historic. What is the reason they are taking a stand and leaving America vulnerable? Well, the Republicans clearly must have something that they think is even more threatening to the United States than terrorism. What could it be? Well, it turns out we know, because of riders attached by the House of Representa-tives. The Republicans in Congress are more fearful of a group known as the DREAMers than they obviously are of the threat of terrorism from these ex-treme groups. 
Who are these DREAMers? Well, I 
know this issue better than some. Fourteen years ago it came to my at-tention that there was a serious mis-carriage of justice taking place in the United States. It turns out that chil-dren brought to our country by their parents who were undocumented lit-erally had no country. They grew up in America. They went to school in Amer-ica. They lived in America. They con-sidered themselves Americans. They pledged allegiance to our flag in their classrooms. They sang our national an-them. They dreamed of their future, only to learn when they were still chil-dren that that opportunity was not there for them. You see, they were un-documented. Their parents brought them to America, never filed any pa-pers, and they were undocumented. 
It did not seem right to me at the 
time that a young person—a toddler, an infant—brought to this country would be paying this heavy price with their lives because of any wrongdoing by their parents. So I introduced a bill, the DREAM Act, at the time cospon-sored by Senator H
ATCH of Utah. We 
said in that bill: If you were brought to America as a child and your parents brought you here and did not file the papers or left you in an undocumented state, but you lived in America, did nothing wrong in America, graduated from high school in America, we would give you a chance. We would give you a chance to step forward if you were willing to either serve in our military or go to college and put you on a path 
to legalization. That was the DREAM Act. It was introduced 14 years ago. It has never become the law of the land. 
In that period of time, of course, 
thousands of young people have found themselves in this predicament. It was 2
1⁄2years ago when I joined 20 other 
Senators and wrote to President Obama and said: Can you consider an Executive order that would protect these DREAMers from deportation so that they can live in America? And the 
President, 2
1⁄2years ago, did. It was 
known as DACA, and this program said to these young people, this is your chance. Come forward, register, go through a criminal background check, prove you graduated from high school, and the President, 2
1⁄2years ago, said: 
We won’t deport you. 
We estimate 2 million young people 
would be eligible. Six hundred thou-sand have stepped forward and have been given this protection from depor-tation. 
This is the program that has led the 
Republicans in the House and Senate to threaten funding for the Department of Homeland Security. The very thought that these young people could stay in America, live in America with-out fear of deportation, work in Amer-ica, go to school in America, is so rep-rehensible to the Republicans in the House and Senate, they are prepared to jeopardize the funding for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, which pro-tects America. 
I have come to the floor on more 
than 50 occasions to tell the story of these DREAMers, which I will do again this morning. 
I ask my Republican colleagues in 
the House and the Senate to listen to the story of a DREAMer and tell me: Do you believe the person I am about to describe should be deported from America? 
His name is Pablo da Silva. He was 
brought here from Brazil in 2001 when 
he was 13 years old. Pablo grew up in New Jersey. This is what he said about his childhood: 
The same as every other kid growing up in 
the U.S., I attended middle school, pledged allegiance to the American flag, and sang the National Anthem. As I grew older, I came to understand that one thing about me differed from my classmates. I was undocu-mented. However, my parents always taught me to see barriers as a measure of persever-ance and an opportunity to thrive. 
Pablo’s dream was to become a doc-
tor. During high school and college, he volunteered at nursing homes every week. He was a member of a group called Doctor Red Nose. That is where he and others would dress up like clowns visiting hospitals and nursing homes to cheer up the patients and health care providers. 
Pablo was accepted at Rutgers Uni-
versity, one of our Nation’s best. But because Pablo was undocumented, he didn’t qualify for any financial assist-ance. He would have had to pay out-of- State tuition. So he couldn’t afford Rutgers. Pablo enrolled in a commu-nity college. Because he had taken 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S743 February 4, 2015 
community college courses when he 
was in high school, Pablo was able to complete a 2-year associate’s degree in only 1 year. 
With an associate’s degree in hand, 
Pablo was able to transfer to Kean Uni-versity in New Jersey. In 2011, Pablo da Silva graduated at the top of his class with a major in biology, summa cum laude. He received an award for the highest grade point average in the biol-ogy department. He was on the dean’s list every semester of college and a member of the honor society Phi Kappa Phi. 
Remember, this is the person whom 
the Republicans in the House and the Senate want to deport from the United States and refuse to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security until this DREAMer is deported. 
After graduating from college, Pablo 
da Silva was unable to pursue his dream of becoming a doctor. He couldn’t go to medical school as an un-documented person, so he worked in a variety of manual labor jobs. 
In 2012, President Obama established 
DACA, and then Pablo heard some-thing amazing. Loyola University of Chicago was prepared to accept stu-dents who had received DACA into its medical school. 
Like many States across the coun-
try, Illinois has a shortage of physi-cians in inner city and rural areas. Loyola University’s DACA Program is an opportunity to address this prob-lem. 
The State of Illinois has created a 
DACA loan program. Under this pro-gram, Loyola’s DACA medical students can receive loans to help cover the cost of medical education. For every year of loans, every year they get loans to go to medical school, these students must work for 1 year in a medically under-served area in my State of Illinois. 
It is quite a tradeoff—1 year of med-
ical school for 1 year of professional life as a doctor helping people who have no access to doctors. As a result, an amazing thing happened. Some of the best and brightest students in America have come to Loyola to get a medical education, and they have signed up to stay in Illinois to serve the parts of our State where the people I represent are desperate for a doctor. 
Last fall, Pablo da Silva began med-
ical school at Loyola where he is pur-suing his dream of becoming a cardiothoracic surgeon. He wrote me a letter and this is what he said about the DACA Program: 
DACA has allowed me to fulfill my long- 
lasting aspiration to pursue a career in medi-cine. It has truly changed my future and for that I’m truly grateful. I’m eager to con-tribute my share to the country I call my own. 
When you read this letter, you stop 
and think, how can the Republicans in the House of Representatives and the Senate have made this man their enemy? How can they look at this young man, who has struggled through-out his life to obtain an education— who has overcome the odds, who has 
volunteered time and again in his com-munity, who is willing to work in un-derserved medical areas—how can they look at this man and say he is the enemy? 
The Republicans in the House and 
Senate fear Pablo da Silva more than they fear the extremist terrorist groups. They fear this DREAMer, and they are willing to give short-term funding to a Federal agency to make their point. 
If the House Republicans and some in 
the Senate have their way, Pablo da Silva won’t be able to finish medical school. He won’t become a doctor. And if they have their way and deport him—which is what the House bill calls on us to do—my State is going to be denied a doctor in a medically under-served area. 
We are a nation of immigrants. My 
mother was an immigrant to this coun-try. I believe immigrants have brought so much to America, not just in hard work—and they take the toughest jobs—but also this risk taking that is involved in immigration. They are willing to put it all on the line. 
In my case, my grandparents came 
here with my mom, when she was a lit-tle girl, to a country where they barely spoke the language and knew a handful of people. They made a life, raised a family, and I was lucky to be part of it. And I am honored to stand on the floor of the Senate today. 
That is my story, that is my family’s 
story, and that is America’s story. That is the story of Pablo da Silva. 
Why are the Republicans at war with 
this young man? Why do they think that stopping his opportunity to go to medical school and serve America is in the best interests of our Nation? It cer-tainly isn’t. 
Yesterday the Senate assistant ma-
jority leader said on the floor that DACA ‘‘kicked the people who played by the rules to the back of the line and the people who did not to the front of the line.’’ 
Here is the reality: The President’s 
immigration action simply puts a tem-porary hold on the deportation of low- priority cases like immigrant students such as Pablo da Silva. It doesn’t put the DREAMers or any other undocu-mented immigrants in the same line as legal immigrants, and it doesn’t put any legal immigrants at the back of the line. Only Congress can do that. 
Speaking of Congress, it is important 
to note that in 2013 this Senate passed comprehensive immigration reform with a strong vote of 68 to 32. Repub-licans and Democrats voted for it. 
For the remainder of that Congress, 
the year 2013 and 2014—more than 1
1⁄2 
years—the Republican House of Rep-resentatives refused to allow a vote on the Senate’s immigration reform bill, refused to call their own bill, refused to take any action. It was at that mo-ment when the President stepped for-ward and said: I have to do something with this broken immigration system. Instead of slowing down the appro-
priations to the Department of Home-land Security, I wish to remind the ma-jority leader and the Speaker of the ob-vious. They are in control. They have the majority. They can call immigra-tion issues before the Senate and the House at a moment’s notice. We are prepared—prepared—to debate those immigration issues, but we are not pre-pared to do that, engage in that impor-tant debate, at the expense of funding the Department of Homeland Security. 
Now we are going to waste a week of 
the Senate’s time—a week when we could pass the Shaheen-Mikulski bill and fund this Department, a week when we could initiate the debate on immigration, a week when the Repub-licans can come forward with their own immigration ideas, if they have any, other than deporting Pablo da Silva. They can come forward now, but they refuse to. 
They want to make this political 
point with the President, but they do it at the expense of the safety and secu-rity of America, and they do it at the expense of DREAMers such as Pablo da Silva. 
Every time we have tried to pass 
comprehensive immigration reform, the Republicans have said no. 
Every student of American history 
can tell us that anti-immigration par-ties eventually wither and die. We are a nation of immigrants. 
There are some on the Republican 
side who understand that, and they can’t really explain why the Grand Old Party, the Republican Party, is turn-ing its back on immigrants in a nation of immigrants. That is their policy. They are so determined to pursue it they are willing to jeopardize the ap-propriations for one of the most impor-tant agencies of our government, the Department of Homeland Security. 
The President has used his legal au-
thority to bring some fairness to our broken immigration system. If the Re-publicans think they can do it better, they have every right as the majority party in the House and the Senate to offer legislation. 
But with the Homeland Security De-
partment facing a shutdown in just 3 weeks, we don’t have time for these symbolic votes in the House bill on the floor. Turn to page 15, I say to the ma-jority leader, of the Calendar of Busi-ness of the Senate, and you will find the answer to your question. You will find the way to fund the Department of Homeland Security in a responsible way. 
What the majority leader should do 
is to swallow his pride, call Mr. B
OEH-
NERand say: Your idea is not going to 
fly in the Senate. It is time for us to fund this agency. It is time to under-stand that as resolute as the terrorists are in harming innocent people and threatening America, America should be as resolute in fighting them back. 
The first line of defense is the De-
partment of Homeland Security. It is time to fund it. We could do it in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S744 February 4, 2015 
matter of minutes this morning if the 
majority leader would simply call to the floor this clean appropriations bill. 
I yield the floor. 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 12:30 p.m., equally divided, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, since I 
see no other Members on the floor at this time, I ask unanimous consent to speak in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AMERICAN CURES ACT 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, 3 weeks 
ago, scientists at Boston’s North-eastern University made an amazing discovery in a pile of dirt. They found a new antibiotic called teixobactin. This new antibiotic, the first that has been discovered in more than 25 years, holds the potential to kill off a wide variety of disease-causing bacteria. It offers hope for a cure to serious and growing antibiotic resistant diseases. 
President Obama noted in his State 
of the Union Address that antibiotic resistance is one of the world’s most pressing public health challenges. In the United States alone, it costs us at least $20 billion a year and claims 23,000 lives. 
A plastic storage crate filled with 
backyard dirt might seem like an un-likely source for a breakthrough, but that is exactly where these scientists— who were working under a grant from the National Institutes of Health—dis-covered this potentially lifesaving medical breakthrough. 
Scientific breakthroughs are nothing 
new for the United States of America. In the last century we split the atom, defeated polio, conquered space, cre-ated the Internet, and mapped the human genome. All of those historic achievements had something in com-mon with the discovery of teixobactin—they were backed by U.S. Government research funds. 
I have people come up to me in Illi-
nois and say: Name one thing this gov-ernment has ever done. Well, aside from winning a few wars that were critical to the future of mankind, we have done amazing things when it comes to research. 
For generations the United States 
was the unchallenged world leader in support of scientific research, but in recent years our lead has eroded. In 1965 the United States spent 25 percent of our nondefense discretionary budget on research and development—1965, 25 percent; today, 10 percent. Meanwhile, other countries are step-
ping up. China has increased research and development funding by 20 percent a year every year from 1999 to 2009. If we stay on course, China will be invest-ing more in research and development as a share of their overall economy than the United States in as soon as 5 years. 
The erosion of U.S. funding is par-
ticularly troublesome and costly in the area of biomedical research. Thanks to budget cuts, and particularly the se-questration, the U.S. share of global biomedical research funding declined by 13 percent between 2004 and 2012. Lifesaving discoveries are being de-layed and young scientists are finding fewer funding opportunities. A decade ago 30 percent of the qualified NIH grant proposals were funded, today it is just 18 percent. 
In Illinois researchers regularly tell 
me how difficult it is to find govern-ment support for their medical re-search. They can spend as much time applying for grants and opening rejec-tion letters as they do conducting ex-periments and analyzing data. 
There are indications that young re-
searchers are taking their talents to other industries and even other coun-tries. In 1982 18 percent of NIH primary investigators were under the age of 36. In 2011 3 percent of NIH primary inves-tigators were under the age of 36. The young researchers aren’t going in to government-sponsored research. Mean-while, our population is aging, medical conditions from cancer to Alzheimer’s are touching more and more lives, and the need for medical breakthroughs has never been greater. 
Back in Illinois I had the pleasure of 
visiting the lab of legendary researcher Dr. Janet Rowley at the University of Chicago. She was an inspiration. I wish I could have met her. Four decades ago, sitting at her dining room table in Hyde Park in Chicago, she had what she called an ‘‘oh wow’’ moment—a flash of insight that transformed the world’s understanding of cancer. Until that moment it was generally assumed genetic abnormalities were the result of cancer. Dr. Rowley’s work showed it was the other way around; that genetic mutations in fact caused cancer. That revolutionary insight led to targeted drug treatments for previously un-treatable cancers. What family—what family on Earth—has not been touched by cancer? 
Janet Rowley was working under a 
small grant from the National Insti-tutes of Health when she made this his-toric finding. One of the parts of her story I love is when she and her family returned to Chicago in 1962, Janet told the University of Chicago she would like to come back to continue her re-search with a couple of conditions. She said: I am a mother of four boys. I can only work part time. Second, she want-ed a microscope, a desk, and a salary. She asked for $5,000 a year. To its ever-lasting credit, the University of Chi-cago said yes. Ten years later came her ‘‘oh wow’’ moment that changed our 
understanding of cancer. 
One of my deep concerns is this: How 
many other Janet Rowleys are being lost in America to medical research be-cause they can’t get the financial sup-port for the grants they need to move forward? How many medical scientists have been forced to scale back or even abandon vital research because of ill- advised cuts to the National Institutes of Health? 
If America is going to remain a world 
leader in research that does contribute to longer and healthier lives, Federal funding for medical research has to be a national priority. Last week I re-introduced a critical bill. The Amer-ican Cures Act calls for $150 billion in Federal research funding to support medical breakthroughs over the next 10 years. 
I guarantee we will get more than 
$150 billion in payback if we put that money in medical research. If we can delay the onset of Alzheimer’s in this country just by weeks or months, and God willing cure it, think of how much we will save. Last year it cost our Fed-eral Government over $200 billion to treat Alzheimer’s patients. 
For researchers making long-term 
plans, it is not only the amount of funding but its reliability. That is why the American Cures Act would elimi-nate the year-to-year unpredictability of congressional budgets and politics and set a steady growth rate of 5 per-cent over 10 years. 
Francis Collins, one of the most ex-
traordinary doctors in America, heads up the NIH, and he said: This, Senator, will make a difference. 
These funds would go to four institu-
tions: the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Department of De-fense health programs, and the VA Medical and Prosthetic Research Pro-
gram. 
The American Cures Act will make 
funding for lifesaving medical research less political and more predictable. 
I thank my colleagues, Senators 
S
HERROD BROWN , AMYKLOBUCHAR , BAR-
BARA BOXER , EDMARKEY , BENCARDIN , 
ALFRANKEN , BOBCASEY , and C HUCK  
SCHUMER , as well as Congresswoman 
ANNAESHOO for cosponsoring and spon-
soring this legislation. People may have seen the old bumper sticker that said: If you think education is expen-sive, try ignorance. Well, if you think biomedical research is expensive, try illness. 
Medical research is a great invest-
ment. Every $1 we spend generates over $2 in economic growth. We more than double our investment and that is be-fore counting the value of diseases cured. 
Dr. Anthony Fauci, a brilliant epi-
demiologist who heads the National In-stitutes of Allergy and Infectious Dis-eases, said of the discovery of teixobactin: ‘‘That was a long shot— but it worked.’’ 
That was also true with the polio 
vaccine, discovered 60 years ago by Dr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S745 February 4, 2015 
Jonas Salk, and so many other Amer-
ican cures and breakthroughs that have changed the world. Private indus-try doesn’t fund this sort of basic foundational science. It can’t. This kind of science takes patience and time and a lot of investment. 
America is blessed with some of the 
best and most generous medical philan-thropies in the world, but they can’t fill this funding gap. Only we can do it. It takes our government to fund the science that leads to breakthrough cures. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue, and it shouldn’t be a low-budget priority. I think it should be the high-est. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
supporting the American Cures Act to help save lives, restore biomedical re-search leadership, and strengthen America. 
As Jonas Salk, the pioneer of the 
polio vaccine, would say: ‘‘The only way we can lose is if we stop too soon.’’ 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I was 
very disappointed yesterday that the Senate did not vote to proceed to the consideration of the Homeland Secu-rity appropriations bill. I hope we will have an opportunity to reconsider that vote and we will agree to take up the bill. 
The need to fund the Department of 
Homeland Security for the remainder of this fiscal year should not be in question. We know that we are living in a complex world with ever-changing threats to our Nation’s security. The Department that we created specifi-cally to combat those threats will op-erate better and more efficiently with a full-year funding plan that reflects updated spending priorities. I have heard no Senator dispute that. 
The leaders of the Homeland Secu-
rity Subcommittee—both Democrat and Republican—put a great deal of ef-fort into drafting this measure. The bill provides $10.7 billion for Customs and Border Protection—an increase of $119 million over fiscal year 2014. This amount will support border infrastruc-ture, technology needs, roads, air and marine assets, and higher levels of per-sonnel, including Border Patrol agents and Customs and Border Patrol offi-cers. 
The bill provides nearly $6 billion for 
Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment—an increase of 13 percent. 
The bill provides increased funds to 
identify, apprehend, and remove crimi-nal aliens and provides increases for in-
vestigations to help combat human trafficking, cyber crime, child exploi-tation, and drug smuggling. 
The bill provides support for the Se-
cret Service and congressional over-sight, including $25 million to address security needs at the White House com-plex. 
The bill provides more than $10 bil-
lion for the Coast Guard. This includes additional resources to continue the re-capitalization of the Coast Guard fleet. 
The bill provides funding for the Dis-
aster Relief Fund. When disaster strikes, it is important that the Dis-aster Relief Fund contain the resources necessary to support an effective re-sponse. 
The bill also includes House amend-
ments designed to reverse the Presi-dent’s unilateral actions on immigra-tion enforcement. Given the timing and breadth of the President’s actions and the challenge to congressional au-thority those actions represent, it can come as no surprise that they provoked a congressional response. 
I am speaking to remind Senators of 
the urgent and important need we have for the adoption of funding for the De-partment of Homeland Security and other provisions this bill contains. I urge my colleagues and the leadership to help ensure that we move the Senate in the direction of early passage after thorough consideration of the provi-sions of this bill, the passage of this bill to protect our national security. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant bill clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. L
EEpertaining 
to the introduction of S. 356 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements 
on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolu-tions.’’) 
Mr. LEE. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant bill clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, as we 
continue this debate on funding for the Department of Homeland Security, we face some fundamental questions. Are we going to prioritize the safety and security of the American people or are we going to put the country at risk be-cause of an ideological disagreement? That is the choice we face with this bill. 
We can debate immigration. I think 
Members of the Democratic caucus would be happy to do that. The Senate did that 2 years ago when we passed a 
comprehensive immigration reform bill with 68 bipartisan votes. But this is not the time for us to have this debate. 
We need to fund the Department of 
Homeland Security now so they can continue to do their work. We can ei-ther pass a clean bill that makes crit-ical investments in our Nation’s secu-rity or we can put our Nation at risk by playing politics with funding for the Department of Homeland Security. 
I appreciate what the Appropriations 
Committee chairman, Senator C
OCH-
RANfrom Mississippi, did earlier today 
by coming down and laying out what is in the funding for the Department of Homeland Security and laying out the important work of the Department of Homeland Security. I believe most of us appreciate the work they do and why it is so important to the safety and security of the country. That is why we need to pass a clean bill to en-sure that they are funded for the rest of this year. 
For those who are in the Senate 
Chamber and for those watching at home who have not been following what has gone on here in Washington with this bill, I will provide a little his-tory on how we got to where we are today. 
In the closing weeks of the 113th Con-
gress, Senator M
IKULSKI , then chair of 
the Senate Appropriations Committee, and Congressman R
OGERS , chair of the 
House Appropriations Committee, ne-gotiated spending for the entire gov-ernment, including the Department of Homeland Security. This was a com-promise measure. Not everyone got what they wanted, but the bill funded Homeland Security priorities at levels that would ensure that the Department could fulfill its mission. 
Then, sadly, politics came into play. 
Some Members of the House Repub-lican caucus demanded that the Home-land Security bill be removed from the larger budget because of immigration issues. They didn’t like the President’s Executive action on immigration. Now the entire Department is funded on a short-term basis through February 27, which is just 23 days from now. 
Last month the House of Representa-
tives narrowly passed a bill to fund Homeland Security, but they added po-litically divisive language that rolls back protections for immigrant chil-dren, among other anti-immigrant measures. It also would roll back some of the efforts for surveillance and ef-forts to address illegal immigrants who are committing crimes when they come into this country. 
Because of these controversial immi-
gration riders, President Obama imme-diately announced that he would veto the House-passed bill. Last week, the entire Democratic caucus of the Senate signed a letter to Majority Leader M
CCONNELL urging him to put the secu-
rity of our Nation first, to put politics aside, and to work with us to pass a clean Homeland Security funding bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S746 February 4, 2015 
without controversial immigration rid-
ers attached—to pass a bill the Presi-dent can sign. 
I ask unanimous consent to have the 
letter from the Senate Democratic cau-cus printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC, January 27, 2015. 
Hon. M ITCH MCCONNELL , 
Senate Majority Leader, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL : As we 
rapidly approach the date on which the De-partment of Homeland Security’s funding ex-pires, and as law enforcement officials face major threats to our nation’s safety and se-curity, we write with one simple request: work with us to pass a clean bill that funds Homeland Security for the remainder of the fiscal year. 
The House bill cannot pass the Senate. 
Democratic Leader Harry Reid has called for a clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security. The President has also made clear that he will veto any bill that ex-pressly limits his authority to exercise pros-ecutorial discretion on immigration matters. While we agree our current immigration sys-tem needs comprehensive reform, including border security enhancements, this appro-priations bill is not the place for this debate. 
In light of recent events in Paris, Ottawa 
and Australia, the threat of ISIS and the proliferation of foreign fighters that return home radicalized, DHS funding should not be tied to divisive political issues that could jeopardize this critical funding. 
We are now four months into the fiscal 
year. A series of short-term continuing reso-lutions to fund DHS should be off the table. Secretary Jeh Johnson has noted that if DHS continues to operate on CRs, counterter-rorism efforts will be limited, border secu-rity initiatives and grants to state and local law enforcement will go unfunded, and avia-tion security efforts will be hampered. 
Every day, new threats emerge that endan-
ger our citizens at home and our allies abroad. We should not cast doubt on future funding for the Department of Homeland Se-curity at a time when the entire nation should be marshalling collective resources to defend against terrorism. Uncertainty under-mines security. 
Last December, House and Senate nego-
tiators reached a bipartisan agreement on a bill to fund DHS for the entire fiscal year. The best way to provide certainty and sta-bility for the men and women who fulfill DHS’s mission to protect the United States from harm is to immediately schedule a vote so that this compromise bill can become law. 
We know that you share our desire to keep 
our nation safe in these dangerous times, and we thank you for considering our re-quest. 
Sincerely, 
Jeanne Shaheen; Richard J. Durbin; 
Patty Murray; Elizabeth Warren; Ed-ward J. Markey; Dianne Feinstein; Heidi Heitkamp; Barbara A. Mikulski; Charles E. Schumer; Debbie Stabenow; Thomas R. Carper; Tammy Baldwin; Mazie K. Hirono; Patrick J. Leahy; 
Angus S. King, Jr.; Mark R. Warner; 
Richard Blumenthal; Bernard Sanders; Sheldon Whitehouse; Benjamin L. Cardin; Christopher Murphy; Kirsten E. Gillibrand; Jack Reed; Sherrod Brown; Robert Menendez; Christopher A. Coons; Brian Schatz; Ron Wyden; 
Tim Kaine; Cory A. Booker; Jon Tester; 
Amy Klobuchar; Claire McCaskill; Gary C. Peters; Al Franken; Barbara 
Boxer; Tom Udall; Michael F. Bennet; Martin Heinrich; Bill Nelson; Jeff Merkley; Robert P. Casey, Jr.; Joe Manchin, III; Maria Cantwell; Joe Don-nelly. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Cloture was not in-
voked on the House bill. We saw that yesterday in our vote. It is a bill that cannot become law. There are only 24 days left before funding for the Home-land Security Department expires. 
The House bill cannot move forward. 
So I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to work with us to pass a clean full-year budget, without con-troversial riders, to fund Homeland Se-curity. 
As the ranking member of the Home-
land Security Subcommittee, I am ready to work with my colleague Sen-ator H
OEVEN , who chairs the Sub-
committee on Homeland Security, and the chair and ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, Senator C
OCHRAN and Senator M IKULSKI , and 
the entire committee to pass a bill to 
keep our Nation safe and to avoid dis-rupting the work of the Department of Homeland Security and to keep this critical agency operating at full strength. In fact, Senator M
IKULSKI  
and I introduced a bill last week, S. 272, which would do exactly that. 
We live in dangerous times. Every 
day new threats emerge that threaten our citizens at home and our allies abroad. The Department of Homeland Security’s role in protecting our coun-try from these threats cannot be over-stated, and its funding should not be controversial. 
Right now the U.S. law enforcement 
community is on high alert for terror threats after attacks in Sydney, Aus-tralia, and Ottawa, Canada, and, of course, the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris. 
Just 2 weeks ago, an Ohio man was 
arrested when authorities discovered he was plotting to blow up the U.S. Capitol in an ISIS-inspired plan. ISIS has thousands of foreign fighters, in-cluding Americans among their ranks, who can return to their home countries to do harm and who say they intend to do that. 
We were all horrified yesterday by 
the news of the courageous Jordanian pilot who was killed in such a barbaric and disgusting way by the Islamic State. 
We have recently learned that ISIS 
plans to take advantage of the Syrian refugee crisis and to move their fight-ers into Turkey and Europe. These are real threats. They are a clear and present danger to this country, and be-cause they are so real, we need our counterterrorism intelligence commu-nity operating at full strength. An es-sential part of our Nation’s counterter-rorism and intelligence infrastructure is within the Department of Homeland Security. 
As Michael Chertoff, George W. 
Bush’s Secretary of Homeland Security said, ‘‘intelligence is not only about spies and satellites.’’ Intelligence is also about the dis-
ciplined daily tasks of collecting and analyzing thousands of reports and in-vestigations that are ongoing all across our country—from our local and State police, our Border Patrol agents, our port security personnel, and our Coast Guard patrolling our shores. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity takes these thousands of bits of in-formation, sifts out the critical details, coordinates with our foreign intel-ligence agencies, and gets critical in-formation to our first responders on the ground as quickly as possible. This work is critical to keeping our Nation safe from terrorism. 
One of the chief criticisms of the 9/11 
report was that we need to improve in-telligence information sharing between the intelligence community and our first responders on the ground. 
I was Governor on September 11. I 
know some of the challenges that we had in New Hampshire with that infor-mation sharing. Well, that is one of the missions the Department of Homeland Security was created to carry out. 
If you talk to Governors and mayors, 
police chiefs and sheriffs, and the folks on the ground who are responsible for keeping our citizens safe every day, ask them about their fusion centers. Ask them whether they want their law enforcement to go back to the days when all of our intelligence was bottled up in Washington, DC, and our towns and cities were on their own. Of course they don’t want to go back to being kept in the dark. There is too much at stake, but that is what could happen if the Department of Homeland Security is not fully functioning. 
I wish to point out that we received 
a letter from the U.S. Conference of Mayors. It is signed by Tom Cochran, CEO and executive director. He sent it to Senators C
OCHRAN , M IKULSKI , 
HOEVEN , and S HAHEEN . I will not read 
the whole letter, but they point out a number of issues which I believe are important in laying out the challenge and why we need to pass a clean fund-ing bill. 
Mr. Cochran says: 
I write on behalf of the nation’s mayors to 
urge you to expeditiously report out a ‘‘clean’’ bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security for the remainder of the current fiscal year. A fully functioning De-partment of Homeland Security is critical to the security of our nation, our cities, and our citizens. A Department operating on a short- term continuing resolution, despite its best efforts, faces uncertainty and delays and simply cannot be fully functioning. 
He goes on to elaborate a number of 
the important programs and important work that the Department of Home-land Security does, and I will not read all of that. 
I ask unanimous consent that this 
letter be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S747 February 4, 2015 
THEUNITED STATES  
CONFERENCE OF MAYORS , 
Washington, DC, February 4, 2015. 
Hon. T HADCOCHRAN , Chairman, 
Hon. B ARBARA MIKULSKI , Ranking Member, 
Committee on Appropriations, U.S. Senate, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. J OHNHOEVEN , Chairman, 
Hon. J EANNE SHAHEEN , Ranking Member, 
Subcommittee on Homeland Security, Committee 
on Appropriations, U.S. Senate, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATORS COCHRAN , M IKULSKI , 
HOEVEN , AND SHAHEEN : I write on behalf of 
the nation’s mayors to urge you to expedi-tiously report out a ‘‘clean’’ bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security for the re-mainder of the current fiscal year. A fully functioning Department of Homeland Secu-rity is critical to the security of our nation, our cities, and our citizens. A Department operating on a short-term continuing resolu-tion, despite its best efforts, faces uncer-tainty and delays and simply cannot be fully functioning. 
Under its current short-term continuing 
resolution, DHS cannot undertake any new spending initiatives to respond to national needs, including those along the border, or release any grant funding for non-disaster programs. Among the non-disaster programs it funds are the State Homeland Security Grant Program and the Urban Areas Secu-rity Initiative, which provide vital resources to our cities to help them prevent and pre-pare for the threat of a terrorist attack. The Urban Search and Rescue System is a na-tional resource that provides lifesaving aid to disaster-stricken communities both at home and abroad. The Assistance to Fire-fighter Grant programs help local fire de-partments meet their baseline readiness needs. Emergency Management Performance Grants help to fund the emergency managers so critical to our preparedness to prevent and respond to disasters when events—man-made and natural—occur. 
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson 
recently listed just a few of the activities vital to public safety and security that the Department has funded, including new com-munications equipment for over 80 Los Ange-les area public safety agencies, surveillance cameras and environmental sensors used by NYPD to detect in real time potential ter-rorist activity, upgraded oxygen masks and tanks for over 30 Denver area; and 150 fire-fighter jobs in Detroit. 
The current threat environment is serious, 
given the terrorist attacks in Paris, Ottawa and Sydney and public calls by terrorist or-ganizations for further attacks on the West-ern targets. It’s vital that Congress provide stable funding for the remainder of the year to the agency charged with keeping all of us safe and secure, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMCOCHRAN , 
CEO and Executive Director. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I will 
also point out a letter we received, which again, was addressed to Senator C
OCHRAN and Senator M IKULSKI . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for 3 more minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. SHAHEEN. This is from emer-
gency managers, and it says: 
The nation’s local emergency managers 
urge you to include full-year funding for pro-grams at the U.S. Department of Homeland 
Security (DHS) and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) that support state and local emergency management pro-grams. These programs are critical to pre-paring our nation for all hazards including terrorist attacks. 
Again, they go on at length, and I 
ask unanimous consent to have this letter printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
INTERNATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  
EMERGENCY MANAGERS , 
Falls Church, VA, February 4, 2015. 
Hon. T HADCOCHRAN , 
Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, U.S. 
Senate, Washington, DC. 
Hon. B ARBARA MIKULSKI , 
Vice Chairwoman, Committee on Appropria-
tions, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN COCHRAN AND VICECHAIR-
WOMAN MIKULSKI : The International Associa-
tion of Emergency Managers—US Council appreciates the work of your committee as you consider the FY 2015 budget for the De-partment of Homeland Security. The na-tion’s local emergency managers urge you to include full-year funding for programs at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency (FEMA) that support state and local emergency management programs. These programs are critical to preparing our nation for all hazards including terrorist at-tacks. 
The Emergency Management Performance 
Grant (EMPG), called ‘‘the backbone of the nation’s emergency management system’’ in an Appropriations Conference Report, con-stitutes the only source of direct federal funding for state and local governments to provide basic emergency coordination and planning capabilities including those related to homeland security. The grant is 50–50 cost shared and supports state and local govern-ment initiatives for planning, training, exer-cises, public education, as well as response and recovery coordination during actual events. When a coordinated response is re-quired, it is always a complex undertaking. Local emergency management is core to the coordination and collaboration of multiple agencies, jurisdictions, and sectors. 
A recent example of the importance of 
EMPG is provided by Dr. Russell Decker, Di-rector of Emergency Management and Home-land Security for Allen County Ohio. 
In the case of our January 10 refinery ex-
plosion and fire, EMPG funds made a suc-cessful response possible with trained emer-gency managers and our public safety part-ners implementing response plans developed and trained through EMPG funding, hazard materials response and air monitoring equip-ment funded through State Homeland Secu-rity Grant Program funds ensured the safety of responders and nearby residents. I’d hate to think what could have been the outcome if that planning, training, and exercising had not occurred. Since many locals rely on EMPG, extended delays can mean staff lay-offs or delays in filling vacancies, postponed training exercises, delays in plan revisions and also delays in acquisition of needed equipment for EOCs which could mean in-creased costs when funds do become avail-able. 
The delay in receiving this annual EMPG 
funding causes uncertainty for local govern-ments. Some preparedness activities must be put on hold until the reimbursement is as-sured. 
Also important are grant programs such as 
the State Homeland Security Grant Program and the Urban Areas Security Initiative 
which help support local government prep-arations for the continued threat of ter-rorism. Funding is needed to sustain cur-rently established and critical programs. 
We respectfully urge that full year funding 
be provided for FY 2015 to end the uncer-tainty. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHN‘‘RUSTY ’’ RUSSELL , 
President, Inter-
national Association of Emergency Man-agers, U.S. Council. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. There are any num-
ber of reasons why we need to pass a clean funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security. We should be working to do that now. We should stop the ideological debate and focus on the risk to this country if we fail to act, the potential risk we would face by passing a continuing resolution, and the risk to this country if we shut down the Department of Homeland Se-curity. None of those options are ac-ceptable. 
We need to work together and get 
this done. I urge my colleagues to do that. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
f 
NET NEUTRALITY 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
rise today to discuss the importance of the issue of Net neutrality and the im-portance of it to our innovation econ-omy. 
The Internet is a $638 billion eco-
nomic force, and according to the McKinsey Global Institute, it supports millions of jobs across our Nation. Set-ting the right policy for the Internet is critical for the continuation of Amer-ican job creation in an innovation economy. 
Over the next 24 hours, FCC Chair-
man Tom Wheeler is expected to an-nounce strong Net neutrality standards to support the growth of this innova-tion economy. 
According to news reports, the FCC 
will establish clear rules of the road to ensure that no content is blocked and that the Internet cannot be divided into fast and slow lanes. This an-nouncement would set a clear frame-work for the innovation economy and the millions of jobs that depend on it across our Nation. It would make a game-changing milestone for American innovators and consumers because a comprehensive plan would protect con-sumers while still allowing for flexi-bility of business growth and invest-ment and making sure that American consumers and innovators are pro-tected. 
The Commission is expected to vote 
on this rule later this month, and I hope that all of our colleagues will be paying attention to this decision be-cause this decision is not just whether I can download or use Netflix, it is really about equal access to the mar-ketplace. It is about how the future 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S748 February 4, 2015 
success of these innovators are deter-
mined. 
Over the last few years, we have been 
debating the future of the Web, and that is because broadband companies have tried to leverage what is to be es-tablished as a two-tier Internet—those with fast lanes because of their ability to pay more and slow lanes for those who can’t pay more. 
I believe the President did the right 
thing. He called on the FCC to make the right decision when it comes to the Internet and protecting it from cable companies who want to overcharge or slow down connections. The FCC seems to be willing to make the right call, by protecting consumers and the Internet, under a new order which, just like a utility, would give consumers the abil-ity to be protected from bad service or exorbitant fees. At this point in time, that is what we need to do to protect consumers. 
According to the news reports, Chair-
man Wheeler will announce a plan to use the FCC authority in the most comprehensive way to protect Net neu-trality, prohibit pay-to-play fast lanes, prohibit blocking and throttling, re-quire greater transparency for con-sumers, and apply the rules to wireless broadbands so that smart phones are treated just like the browser on your desk. 
This plan would cover what is known 
as the middle mile or Internet traffic or the companies that content pro-viders, such as Netflix, pay to bring traffic to cable companies, such as Comcast, to connect to you, the end user. These important policies will pro-vide certainty to a startup in business, and they will make sure that those products get equal access. 
Last month I had a roundtable in Se-
attle with several startups and experts on Net neutrality, and many of those companies relied on the Internet to transform their ideas into successful businesses. They explained how the de-bate affects more than just tech com-panies. They said software is revolu-tionizing every industry, from retail to health care, everything from the way you pay for your coffee at Starbucks to how you access your own personal health information. 
If we allowed a two-tier system to de-
velop, the big guys would have the abil-ity to pay more while the smaller cus-tomers would have disruptions. What we have done, hopefully with an an-nouncement today, is to make sure we are putting a stake in the ground to protect consumers. 
The CEO of the Washington Tech-
nology Industry Association put it best when he said: 
We have a multi-trillion dollar evidence 
base study that says the current rules of the game—which mean open, neutral access to the Internet—work. 
I couldn’t agree more. 
Our innovation economy depends on 
equal access for all ideas. The proof is in the numbers. Over 6 million U.S. jobs are tied to the Internet. That adds up to a payroll of $558 billion. In the 
Seattle metropolitan area alone, from 2009 to 2014, there were 433 different venture capital deals related to Inter-net companies, totaling nearly $2.6 bil-lion. 
All of this growth in the Internet 
economy relies on an open Internet. That means no blocking, no throttling of these priorities. That is why I sup-port strong net neutrality rules. They need to be responsible and efficient. 
I thank Chairman Wheeler for his 
leadership in setting up strong rules. I hope this information on the Web con-tinues to be one of our great economic engines and continues job development here in the United States. 
A strong net neutrality rule is the 
best tool in the toolbox for preserving the openness of the Internet today. It will go a long way to help us continue our economic prosperity. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The Senator from Georgia. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I find 
it tragically ironic that on the same day the Islamic State tragically took the life and murdered a Jordanian pilot that the U.S. Senate failed to get a 60- vote majority to move to a motion to proceed to debate the most important issue facing the United States of Amer-ica. I agree with my colleagues who have talked about the dangers of Is-lamic terrorism, the dangers of porous borders, and all the other dangers we have spoken about, but we can’t solve those problems unless we get the bill to the floor and debate it. 
I was elected in 2004. The No. 1 issue 
in my campaign and in the general election was immigration policy in the United States of America. Eleven years later, it is still the biggest domestic issue in the State of Georgia. We still have a porous border and we know how vulnerable we are. It is time we move this bill to the floor and fully debate it. 
I know there are differences of opin-
ion. I know each one of us would do it differently. But we are part of a con-stitutional government to make deci-sions for our people. We don’t need Ex-ecutive orders dictating what we should do. We need a House and a Sen-ate to come to common ground, we need a President who will sign a bill, and we need a bill to be upheld. We are not going to get there until we have de-bate on the floor and move forward on a motion to proceed to debate funding for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
I just left a Committee on Foreign 
Relations hearing on human traf-ficking. We talked about the terrors of what is happening in terms of sexual abuse, sexual trafficking, child labor, minority labor—all of those horrors that are taking place. Do my col-leagues know where they are taking place in our country? They are taking 
place on the border of the Southwest, in the Presiding Officer’s home State of Arizona, where our border is porous. And because of that, drugs and human beings are trafficked every single day. That should stop. 
The No. 1 issue when we debated the 
Department of Homeland Security bill in 2005 was to put in a trigger to ensure that no changes in immigration law took place until we first secured the border. 
The border is still not secure. We are 
trying. I commend our brave soldiers and the State of Arizona, as well as Fort Huachuca, one of the beacons of the drones that are flying on the bor-der with Mexico to try to identify peo-ple coming in, but we haven’t done enough. 
We should bring the Department of 
Homeland Security bill to the floor. We should make sure the funding for the Department of Homeland Security is sufficient to secure our border. We will find our differences and we will debate our differences and we will come to common ground. But we can’t come to common ground—we can’t resolve our Nation’s No. 1 domestic problem—un-less we agree to bring to the floor the motion to proceed and bring a robust debate to the floor of the U.S. Senate. 
I, as one Member of the Senate, ran 
for this job to be a part of the solution, not someone who would throw up my arms and say we can’t solve the prob-lems so I am going to sit on the side-lines. Let’s get off of the sidelines. Let’s come to the floor of the Senate. Let’s vote on the motion to proceed. Let’s fully amend and debate the bill. Let’s send the President a bill from a unified Congress that says we want a secure border, we want an immigration policy that works, and we want to once again be a government of checks and balances, not a government of Execu-tive orders. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant bill clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
the Chair to please notify me at 9 min-utes into a 10-minute speech. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator will be so notified. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, we are 
in the odd situation by which our Democratic colleagues are complaining that we are blocking funding for the Department of Homeland Security when the House has passed a bill that fully funds the Department of Home-land Security. It is sitting at the desk today. The majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , has moved to proceed to 
that bill, and they are blocking it. Sen-ator M
CCONNELL moved to invoke clo-
ture on the motion to proceed—to just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S749 February 4, 2015 
get on the bill—and he has indicated, 
as he has before, that there would be amendments allowed to the bill. This would be the way to move forward with an appropriations bill in the regular order. So it is unbelievable, really, that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are trying to contend that the majority Republicans in Congress, in both Houses, are trying to block fund-ing from the Department of Homeland Security when nothing could be farther from the truth. 
Look at today’s CNN headline. This 
is on their Web site: ‘‘Democrats Block Funding for DHS to Protect Obama’s Immigration Orders.’’ 
Why are they blocking it? To protect 
Obama’s immigration orders that are contrary to Congress’s will, clearly overwhelmingly rejected by the Amer-ican people, and contrary to law. Why should Congress fund unlawful activi-ties? Why should it fund policies it does not approve of? Why should it fund policies the American people strongly reject? It has no duty to do that. 
Congress is not a potted plant. It is 
not a rubberstamp. Congress has a duty to the people, which is to ensure that the laws of this country are followed, that the American people have defense for the homeland, with funding for the Department of Homeland Security, and they have done that. What they have said is we are not going to fund actions by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity that undermine the law. We are not going to approve money that un-dermines the laws of the United States, and we are not going to allow the President to take money, which was given to the Department of Homeland Security to enforce the law, so he can undermine the law. 
What has the President done with his 
Executive orders? It is a stunning ac-tion. He said over 20 times he didn’t have the power to do this. He doesn’t have the power to do what he did. He just did it because political pressure, I guess, caused him to do so. He is going to provide legal status, not for chil-dren, for 5 million people. They will be given Social Security numbers. Con-stitutional scholars have told us, col-leagues, the utilization of the idea of prosecutorial discretion is not appro-priate in such a massive way as this. What I want to tell you is it goes well beyond prosecutorial discretion. The President is going to provide a Social Security number to people who are un-lawfully here. He is going to provide a photo ID for people who are unlawfully in America, providing work permits for them, the right to participate in the Medicare and the right to receive checks from the Federal Government in the form of earned income tax credit to the tune of billions of dollars. 
One of the first things we do to try to 
establish a lawful system of immigra-tion is not provide financial benefit to people who come to the United States unlawfully. So this is a problem. I have to say it is a big problem. My friend and able Member of this 
Senate, Senator D
URBIN , the Demo-
cratic whip, assistant minority leader, said this last night, yesterday: ‘‘It is incredible to me that we have refused to provide funds the Department of Homeland Security needs to keep America safe.’’ He said: ‘‘It is incred-ible to me that we haven’t passed a bill that the House sent over here that fully funds Homeland Security.’’ 
I am not blocking the bill. We want 
to go on the bill. We want to be able to amend the bill to keep America safe. Who is blocking it? It is my Demo-cratic colleagues. Senator D
URBIN is 
the leader of the blocking game. He is the offensive line, the center, I guess, of the offensive line. 
Senator D
URBIN goes on to say: 
‘‘There is nothing wrong with a debate over immigration policy.’’ 
That is correct. He continues: ‘‘In 
fact, the Republicans, now in the ma-jority control of the House and Senate, could have started the debate weeks ago. They didn’t.’’ 
Look, we debated Senator D
URBIN ’s 
vision. It was rejected by Congress, his ideas. Many supported the bill in this body. It didn’t come back this fall in part because of their actions on immi-gration. 
President Obama had the choice to 
go from State to State trying to elect people to pass his immigration bill, but he either didn’t do it or it didn’t work. The American people do not want this kind of legislation. 
My friend Senator D
URBIN said fur-
ther: ‘‘Instead, they attached five rid-ers to the Department of Homeland Se-curity appropriations bill, and they said: We will not allow that Depart-ment to be properly funded unless the President accepts these five immigra-tion riders.’’ 
This is just a normal bill that says 
how the money is going to be spent. It is going to be spent for enforcement, and we are not going to spend money to not enforce the law. It doesn’t change. The bill the House has sent to us does not change one lawful immigra-tion policy of America, not one. It is the President who adopted a radical new immigration policy contrary to law, contrary to the American people’s wishes. In fact, quite a number of Democrats urged him not to issue such an order, but he did it anyway. Con-gress has a duty. 
Senator D
URBIN talks about the 
DREAM Act that he offered. It had a chance for passage a number of times. But every time it was carefully read, it was an overreach. It went too far. But the point of which is it was rejected by Congress. Congress didn’t pass that. 
We need to be clear about who is ob-
jecting to what in this body, who wants to fund Homeland Security and who wants to advance a radical, unlawful, unpopular amnesty agenda the Amer-ican people don’t like. 
Yesterday on the floor Senator S
CHU-
MER asked if it wasn’t possible for the 
Senate to pass a Department of Home-land Security bill—without language 
that would ensure the President com-plies with the Constitution, of course— and then send it back to the House. 
Senator S
CHUMER is one of our more 
able Members, for sure, in the Senate, and I respect him and his abilities. But the answer is this: The House-passed DHS bill is the only vehicle because the House of Representatives would blue-slip a bill that originates in the Senate. This is a basic tenet of how a bill becomes law. Article I, section 7, clause 1 of the Constitution states: 
All Bills for raising Revenue shall origi-
nate in the House of Representatives; but the Senate may propose or concur with Amend-ments as on other Bills. 
Over the years, the House of Rep-
resentatives has asserted, and success-fully asserted, that this applied to rev-enue spending bills as well. According to the Congressional Research Service, as a result, the House customarily originates all ‘‘money’’ bills, including appropriations bills. The Congressional Research Service states: 
In practice, the Senate has generally de-
ferred to the House’s insistence on origi-nating appropriations. 
Indeed, it has generally deferred be-
cause they won’t move anything that doesn’t start over there. They success-fully asserted that gray area to their benefit, and perhaps it is consistent with the Constitution. 
My staff has been unable to find a 
single instance where the House took up a Senate-originated appropriations bill in over 100 years, since 1901. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has used 9 minutes. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I thank the Chair. 
Our friends in the House have been 
unequivocal: The Senate must pass the House bill. Speaker Boehner said, ‘‘Senate Republicans and Senate Demo-crats must stand together with the American people and block the Presi-dent’s actions.’’ 
House Appropriations Committee 
Chairman H
ALROGERS said the Senate, 
‘‘should pass the bill, which funds a very vital national security agency but also turns back this blanket amnesty which is illegal and unconstitutional.’’ 
That is where we are. The House has 
sent over the right bill. It does the right thing. It defends the integrity of the Congress. It defends the wishes of the American people, it defends the policy decision of the Congress of the United States, and prohibits the Presi-dent from doing what he himself said over 20 different times he did not have the power to do. Professor after pro-fessor and historians have said the President doesn’t have the power to do it. If the President can do this, if he can execute laws Congress has rejected, what will he be able to do in the fu-ture? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I 
thank the Chair, and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S750 February 4, 2015 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 20 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE ECONOMY 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, the 
good news is the country has made sub-stantial economical progress in the last 6 years since President Bush left office. Instead of losing 800,000 jobs a month as we were during the final months of the Bush administration, we are now creating some 250,000 jobs a month and have seen steady job growth over the last 58 months. 
Instead of having a record-breaking 
$1.4 trillion deficit as we did when President Bush left office in January 2009, the Federal deficit has been cut by more than two-thirds. Today the 10- year deficit projection is now $5.5 tril-lion lower than what the projections were back in 2010. 
Six years ago the world’s financial 
system, as we all remember, was on the verge of collapse. Today that is not the case. In fact, some might suggest that Wall Street is doing too well. 
While we can take some satisfaction 
as to what has been accomplished in the last 6 years, one would be very naive not to appreciate there is also a lot of very bad news in our economy, especially for working families. 
Most significantly, the simple truth 
of the matter is the 40-year decline of the American middle class continues. Real unemployment is not 5.6 percent— including those people who have given up looking for work or people who are working part time when they want to work full time—it is over 11 percent. Youth unemployment—something we almost never talk about in this coun-try—is a horrendous 17 percent, and Af-rican-American youth unemployment is over 30 percent. It is totally unac-ceptable. 
Real median family income has de-
clined by nearly $5,000 since 1999. All over this country—in Vermont and in every other State in this country—we have people working longer hours for lower wages. We have husbands and wives working 50, 60 hours a week just to pay the bills. Incredibly, despite huge increases in productivity, in tech-nology, and all of the global economy we hear so much about, the median male worker now earns $783 less than he did 42 years ago. Let me repeat that. That American male worker right in the middle of the economy now earns, after inflation adjusted for wages, $783 less than he did 42 years ago. The fe-male worker right in the middle of the economy now makes $1,300 less than she made in 2007. 
When you ask why people are angry, 
why people are stressed, why people are frustrated, that is exactly why. Fur-ther, this country continues to have, shamefully, the highest rate of child-hood poverty of any major country on Earth, and 40 million Americans still 
have zero health insurance. 
In the midst of this tragic decline of 
the American middle class, there is, however, another reality. The wealthi-est people and the largest corporations are doing phenomenally well. The re-sult: The United States today has more income and wealth inequality than at any time since the Great Depression. Today the top one-tenth of 1 percent own almost as much wealth as the bot-tom 90 percent. Let me repeat that be-cause that truly is a startling fact. Today the top one-tenth of 1 percent— which is what this chart talks about— owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. 
Today 1 family—the Walton family, 
owners of Walmart—owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of the American people, some 120 million Americans. 
I don’t believe most of our people 
think this is what the American econ-omy should be about. In fact, this is not an economy for a democracy. This is what oligarchy is all about. One- tenth of 1 percent owning almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent, 1 family owning the equivalent of what 131 million Americans own, that is wealth. In terms of income—which is what we make every year—what we have seen in the last number of years since the Wall Street crash is virtually all new income is going to the top 1 percent. 
Last year—just as one example—the 
top 25 hedge fund managers earned more income than 425,000 public school teachers. Does anybody believe that makes sense? Twenty-five hedge fund managers making more income than 425,000 public school teachers. That gap between the very rich and everybody else is growing wider and wider and wider. 
The fact is that over the past 40 
years, we have witnessed an enormous transfer of wealth from the middle class to the top 1 percent. In other words, what we are seeing in our econ-omy is the Robin Hood principle in re-verse. We are taking from the poor and the working families and transferring that income and wealth to the very wealthy. 
From 1985 to 2013 the share of the Na-
tion’s wealth going to the middle class has gone down from 36 percent to less than 23 percent. If the middle class had simply maintained the same share of our Nation’s wealth as it did 30 years ago, it would have $10.27 trillion more in cumulative wealth than it does today. Almost $11 trillion would have stayed with the middle class but has disappeared since 1985. 
But while the middle class continues 
to shrink, while millions of Americans are working longer hours for low wages, while young people cannot af-ford to go to college or leave school deeply in debt, while too many kids in this country go hungry, we have seen, since 2009, that the top 1 percent has experienced an $11.5 trillion increase in its wealth. So the top 1 percent in re-
cent years sees an $11.5 trillion in-crease in wealth, while in roughly the same period the middle class sees a $10.7 trillion decrease in wealth. 
This $11.5 trillion transfer of wealth 
from the middle class to the top 1 per-cent over a 5-year period is one of the largest such transfers of wealth in our country’s history. Here is my point. This is not just a moral issue, although it is a profound moral issue—and Pope Francis, by the way, deserves a lot of credit for talking about this issue all over the world. Are we satisfied as a nation when so few have so much and so many have so little? Are we satisfied with the proliferation of millionaires and billionaires, at the same time as we have millions of children living in poverty? Is that what America is sup-posed to be about? That is the moral component of this debate. 
But this is not just a moral issue. It 
is also a fundamental economic issue. As we know, 70 percent of our economy is based on consumer spending. When working people do not have enough in-come, enough disposable income, they are unable to go out and buy goods and services that they would like or that they need. The so-called job creators that my Republican friends often refer to are not the CEOs of the large cor-porations. 
The CEOs of large corporations can-
not sell their products or services un-less people have the income to buy them. Someone can come up with the greatest product in the world, but if people do not have the money, they are not going to sell that product, they are not going to hire workers to produce that product. 
The truth is that the real job cre-
ators in this country are those millions of people who every single day go out and purchase goods and services, but if they do not have adequate income, the entire economy suffers. There was a very interesting article, I believe it was yesterday or today, in the Wall Street Journal, written by Nick Timiraos and Kris Hudson, talking about how a two-tier economy is re-shaping the U.S. marketplace. 
What they talk about is: 
It is a tale of two economies. 
Said Glenn Kelman, chief executive 
of Redfin, a real estate brokerage in Seattle. 
There is a high-end market that is abso-
lutely booming. And then there’s everyone in the middle class. They don’t have much hope of wage growth. 
The article continues. 
Indeed, such midtier retailers as J.C. 
Penney, Sears and Target have slumped. 
‘‘The consumer has not bounced back with 
the confidence we were looking for,’’ Macy’s chief executive Terry Lundgren told inves-tors last fall. 
I ask unanimous consent that the ar-
ticle be printed in the R ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S751 February 4, 2015 
[From the Wall Street Journal, Jan. 28, 2015] 
HOW A TWO-TIERECONOMY ISRESHAPING THE  
U.S. M ARKETPLACE  
(By Nick Timiraos and Kris Hudson) 
The advance of wealthy households, while 
middle- and lower-income Americans strug-gle, is reshaping markets for everything from housing to clothing to beer. 
W
OODINVILLE , Wash.—Five years ago, 
Quadrant Homes churned out starter houses in the Seattle area with an average sales price of $269,000 and the marketing slogan, ‘‘More House, Less Money.’’ 
But facing a debt-burdened middle class 
and rising land prices, Quadrant has since 
exchanged entry-level buyers for customers free of credit worries and ready to splurge. Its new slogan, ‘‘Built Your Way,’’ accom-panies homes with vaulted ceilings and gour-met kitchens that last year sold for an aver-age price of $420,000. ‘‘We used a lot of mar-ket research to tell us that our old model wasn’t going to work,’’ said Ken Krivanec, Quadrant’s chief executive. 
The emergence of a two-tiered U.S. econ-
omy, with wealthy households advancing while middle- and lower-income Americans struggle, is reshaping markets for every-thing from housing to clothing to groceries to beer. 
‘‘It’s a tale of two economies,’’ said Glenn 
Kelman, chief executive of Redfin, a real-es-tate brokerage in Seattle that operates in 25 states. ‘‘There is a high-end market that is absolutely booming. And then there’s every-one in the middle class. They don’t have much hope of wage growth.’’ 
The recession blew holes in the balance 
sheets of all U.S. households and ended a decadeslong loosening of credit for middle- class borrowers. Now, credit is tight, and in-comes have been flat or falling for all but the top 10th of U.S. income earners between 2010 and 2013, according to the Federal Reserve. 
American spending patterns after the re-
cession underscore why many U.S. busi-nesses are reorienting to serve higher-in-come households, said Barry Cynamon, of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Since 2009, average per household spending among the top 5% of U.S. income earners—adjusting for inflation—climbed 12% through 2012, the most recent data available. Over the same period, spending by all others fell 1% per household, according to Mr. Cynamon, a vis-iting scholar at the bank’s Center for House-hold Financial Stability, and Steven Fazzari of Washington University in St. Louis, who published their research findings last year. 
The spending rebound following the reces-
sion ‘‘appears to be largely driven by the consumption at the top,’’ Mr. Cynamon said. He and Mr. Fazzari found the wealthiest 5% of U.S. households accounted for around 30% of consumer spending in 2012, up from 23% in 1992. 
Indeed, such midtier retailers as J.C. 
Penney, Sears and Target have slumped. ‘‘The consumer has not bounced back with the confidence we were all looking for,’’ Macy’s chief executive Terry Lundgren told investors last fall. 
In luxury retail, meanwhile: ‘‘Our cus-
tomers are confident, feel good about the economy in general and their personal bal-ance sheets specifically,’’ said Karen Katz, chief executive of Neiman Marcus Group Ltd., last month. Reported 2014 revenues of $4.8 billion for the company are up from $3.6 billion in 2009. 
Revenue for such luxury hotel chains as 
St. Regis and Ritz-Carlton rose 35% last year compared with 2008, according to market re-search firm STR Inc. Revenues at midscale chains such as Best Western and Ramada were down 1%. 
On grocery aisles, the recession and its 
aftermath boosted sales of economy brands. At the high end, Whole Foods Market Inc. re-
ported record sales per gross square foot last year. 
‘‘Demand bifurcated,’’ said Jason Green, 
chief executive of the Cambridge Group, a growth strategy firm that is part of Nielsen NV. ‘‘The familiar stuff my middle-class family had in the pantry, those are under significant pressure.’’ 
In the grocery market’s middle tier, 
Safeway Inc., the second-largest super-market chain in the U.S. was purchased last year by the private-equity group that owns Albertsons, the fifth-largest grocery retailer. Company officials said the deal would allow the companies to reduce costs—and lower prices for customers—as they fend off com-petition from low-price outlets and high-end stores. 
In the cold case, sales of premium lagers 
are up 16% since 2007 after adjusting for in-flation, while sales of economy brands grew 8%, according to research firm Euromonitor International. Sales of midprice beers are down 1%. 
The trend hit auto makers some years ago, 
when BMW AG’s former chief executive Helmut Panke described the U.S. market as an hourglass: lots of demand for budget and luxury brands but little in between. Steve Bates, general manager of BMW Seattle for the past 12 years, said new-car sales at his dealership were up 25% last year, while used- car sales were flat. The M4 series, a sporty coupe priced from $64,000, has been ‘‘selling out as soon as it touches the ground,’’ he said. 
Then there are consumers like Vicki Oli-
ver, 68 years old, of Temecula, Calif. She bought a used Hyundai Sonata last year to replace a wrecked 1995 Ford Explorer. Ms. Oliver and her husband, a real-estate agent, added onto their home two years ago so her daughter and son-in-law, a general con-tractor, could move in with their family. 
‘‘That was a way to make things work in 
hard times,’’ Ms. Oliver said. Caribbean cruises and trips to Florida are now memo-ries. ‘‘We haven’t done that for years,’’ she said. 
The housing market illustrates how weak-
ness among middle-class consumers holds back the U.S. economy. Homes are generally the biggest purchase Americans make. Hous-ing dollars ripple through the economy by triggering spending on appliances, furniture and landscaping. 
INEQUALITY IN AMERICA  
For the first time, U.S. builders last year 
sold slightly more homes priced above $400,000 than those below $200,000. As a re-sult, the median price of new homes exceed-ed $280,000, a record in nominal terms and 2% shy of the 2006 inflation-adjusted peak. 
Total sales last year, however, were up just 
1% compared with 2013, and more than 50% below their average from 2000 to 2002, before the housing bubble. 
New homes are also getting bigger. The 
median U.S. home was more than 2,400 square feet in the third quarter of 2014, a 20% increase from early 2000 and a 10% increase from the peak of the housing market in 2006. 
In Seattle, the median new-home size 
topped 2,500 square feet last year, a record, according to research firm Metrostudy Inc. Since the market hit bottom in 2011, sales of new homes priced above $600,000 have tripled, while sales below $400,000 are down 16%, ac-cording to CoreLogic DataQuick. Builders boost profits selling more expensive homes. But less construction overall means fewer new jobs and reduced total spending. 
‘‘Over the long haul, I worry that you can’t 
run our housing market, which depends on volume, on affluent buyers alone,’’ said Diane Swonk, chief economist at Mesirow Financial in Chicago. Young households have been slow to buy 
homes because of the tough job market. Many would-be buyers can’t save enough for a down payment or don’t earn enough to qualify for a mortgage. Student debt holds others back. 
A typical household, for example, would 
need around $60,000 in cash to make a 20% down payment on the median-priced new home in the U.S. To qualify for a mortgage, they would need good credit and to show an annual income of about $45,000, assuming lit-tle other household debt. A government-in-sured loan in this example could call for an $11,000 down payment but would require an annual income of $60,000. 
Lisa and Nathan Trione are looking for a 
house in Denver big enough for their five children. But there is little in their price range: $250,000 and under. 
‘‘You’re already intimidated by the proc-
ess,’’ said Ms. Trione, a 28-year-old paralegal and office manager. ‘‘And then you see this huge price, and you say, ‘I’m not ready to do that right now.’’’ 
Ms. Trione is paying off debt she incurred 
while earning her associate degree. She also is trying to raise her credit score, which, she said, fell during a series of early financial missteps. 
Well-heeled customers, meanwhile, have 
their pick of mortgages. At the same time, some banks have pulled back from federally insured loans that allow for smaller down payments. 
‘‘We would like to build a smaller, higher- 
quality and less-volatile business,’’ Marianne Lake, chief financial officer at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., told investors last year. With fewer potential customers, builders have largely abandoned the entry-level market. ‘‘If a builder can make money on something, he’ll build it. The problem is that they can’t make money at the entry level,’’ said John Burns, of Irvine, Calif., a consultant to build-ers. 
But rentals, the low-end of the housing 
market, are booming. Apartment construc-tion has neared its fastest pace since 1989. Two of the nation’s largest home builders, Toll Brothers Inc. and Lennar Corp., have both launched multifamily construction di-visions, each with around 5,000 units in the pipeline. ‘‘We all wished we had a big apart-ment portfolio through this downturn,’’ said Douglas Yearley, Toll’s chief executive, dur-ing an earnings call last year. 
With sales plunging in 2009, Quadrant 
called in a research firm that concluded more buyers might materialize if the com-pany built more expensive homes. ‘‘When it’s data driven, the courage to make a remark-able change is easier than when you’re using your gut,’’ said Mr. Krivanec, the company’s chief executive. 
Quadrant, a unit of TRI Pointe Homes Inc., 
was finishing seven homes per workday in 2004. They now finish less than two of the more expensive houses a day. But the share of buyers who back out of a deal, typically because they can’t get a loan, is down 10% since 2010. To serve more higher-end buyers, Quadrant opened a design studio two years ago that lets buyers choose from dozens of cabinets, countertops, tiles and flooring. Some new buyers spend nearly twice as much on such upgrades, the company said, which adds to the profitability of home sales. 
Common design features now include a 
walk-in closet and bathroom nearly as big as the master bedroom. Kitchens have a walk- in pantry. 
On a recent Tuesday afternoon on Little 
Bear Creek Place, a cul-de-sac in this Seattle suburb, electricians, landscapers and framers worked on some 23 Quadrant home sites. 
Nearby, Nick and Adriana Stoll unpacked 
boxes in their new four-bedroom home. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S752 February 4, 2015 
home is twice the size of the 1,200–square- 
foot, one-bedroom apartment they rented in nearby Bellevue. 
The Stolls customized almost every fea-
ture and finish, including hinges on kitchen cabinets that prevent the doors from slam-ming shut. ‘‘I’m typically the kind of con-sumer where I make a quick decision,’’ Mr. Stoll said. ‘‘But when it comes to your home, well, we stared at 100 countertops for an hour.’’ 
The Stolls survived the recession and have 
prospered. Mr. Stoll purchased a Seattle con-dominium in 2008, the day before learning he was losing his job at Washington Mutual, the thrift sold to J.P. Morgan after it was seized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. 
Mr. Stoll changed jobs twice before he was 
recruited in 2011 to work at a technology company. He broke even on the sale of his condo last year. ‘‘Other people encountered problems where maybe it’s student loans or credit cards or car payments,’’ he said, ‘‘and we have none of that.’’ 
The couple put 20% down on their new 
home, which cost $579,000. Ms. Stoll works as a client associate for a large financial serv-ices company. 
Growth in new home sales this year will 
depend, in part, on whether builders revive their interest in first-time buyers. 
Two years ago, D.R. Horton Inc., the na-
tion’s largest home builder, launched Emer-ald Homes, a luxury division. Last year, the company rolled out Express Homes, a divi-sion that pioneered no-frills housing for the entry-level market. Mr. Krivanec, Quad-rant’s CEO, said he doesn’t see a return to his company’s former model. There are enough people with good-paying jobs in the area—at Boeing, Amazon and Microsoft—to keep sales going, even it means building fewer homes. ‘‘We like where we’re at,’’ he said. 
Mr. SANDERS. So what we are hear-
ing—basically what this article tells us—is if people’s income is going down, they are not going to Macy’s, they are not going to Target. Those stores are not hiring workers or are getting rid of workers because the middle class does not have the income it needs. 
Here is a very important point. With-
in President Obama’s recent budget— by the way, I think the President’s budget is beginning to move us in the right direction—there was a very inter-esting projection that unfortunately got very little attention. Here is the point: Over the last 50 years GDP growth in the United States of America averaged about 3.2 percent. What the President’s budget is suggesting is that more or less over the next 10 years we are going to see 3-percent growth, 3- percent—2.7, 2.5, 2.3. For the rest of the decade, 2.3 percent. 
The bottom line is, if we continue 
along the same type of economic growth we have had over the previous 50 years, unemployment would be sub-stantially lower, people would be pay-ing more taxes, Social Security, among other programs, would be in much stronger shape. 
The debate we are going to be having 
in the Budget Committee—I am the ranking member of the Budget Com-mittee—are two very different philoso-phies. Our Republican friends believe in more austerity for the middle class and working families. Their goal, over a period of months and years, is to cut Social Security, cut Medicare, cut 
Medicaid, cut nutrition programs for hungry children, not invest in infra-structure, and then give huge tax breaks for millionaires and billion-aires. 
In other words, more austerity for 
the middle class, tax breaks for the wealthy and large corporations. I be-lieve that philosophy is wrong for many reasons, the most important being that if we want to grow the over-all economy, if we want to create jobs, we have to put money into the hands of working people. We do not do that by cutting, cutting, cutting, and imposing more austerity on people who already desperately are hurting. 
A far more sensible approach is to 
create the millions of jobs that our country desperately needs by, among other things, investing heavily in our crumbling infrastructure. Last week I introduced legislation that would in-vest $1 trillion over a 5-year period into rebuilding our crumbling roads and bridges, rail, airports, water systems, wastewater plants. 
If we do that, we make our country 
more productive, safer, and create up to 13 million jobs, putting money into the hands of working people. It not only will improve their lives, but they will then go out and spend their money in their communities, creating further economic growth. That is the direction we should be going. 
We also have to raise wages. People 
cannot survive on the starvation min-imum wage imposed at the Federal level of $7.25 an hour. If we raise the minimum wage over a period of years to $15 an hour, we are going to have billions of dollars go into the hands of people who need it the most, improve their lives, allow them to go out and invest in our economy, spend money and create jobs. 
We need pay equity for women work-
ers. It is not acceptable that women are making 78 cents to the dollar for men who are doing the same work. We need to address the scandal of overtime right now, where we have so-called su-pervisors at McDonald’s who work 50, 60 hours a week, but because they are so-called supervisors do not get time and a half. 
We need to make college affordable 
for all of our workers. In a global econ-omy we need the best educated work-force in the world, not the one where people cannot afford a higher edu-cation. We need trade policies that benefit working people and not just large multinational corporations, which is why we should defeat the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
So there is a lot of work that needs 
to be done. But the bottom line is, if we are serious about dealing with the deficit and debt reduction, if we are se-rious about growing the middle class, we need an agenda which creates jobs, raises wages, makes college affordable, demands that corporate America start investing in this country and not in China. We need a proworker agenda, not an 
austerity agenda which will strangle the middle class of this country even more than it is hurting today. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I thank 
my colleague from Vermont for what he has said. I would note that there are many in our State who agree whole-heartedly. We are not a wealthy State. We are a proud State. We are not a State that believes in such a huge dis-parity of income. So I thank the Sen-ator for what he said, not only here but when he has made similar remarks around the country. 
(The remarks of Mr. L
EAHY per-
taining to the introduction of S. 356 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, yester-
day our friends across the aisle blocked—filibustered, really—a $40 bil-lion funding bill that would have paid the funds necessary to keep the De-partment of Homeland Security run-ning through the rest of this fiscal year. I understand they had some dif-ferences over the content of the legis-lation the House passed, but it is unde-niable that the House acted responsibly by passing this appropriations bill, par-ticularly at a time of heightened secu-rity concerns not only here at home but around the world. 
Of course, the part that I guess con-
fused me the most is our Democratic friends said: Well, we don’t want to de-bate the bill, but what we want is a clean DHS appropriations bill. So they wanted to get to the end of the process without even starting the process, which strikes me as odd. 
As I pointed out last week during the 
Senate debate on the Keystone XL Pipeline, Senator D
URBIN from Illinois, 
the assistant minority leader, spoke very sincerely in support of a process surrounding that bill. We didn’t all agree that the Keystone Pipeline should be passed, but we did at least have an open amendment process that allowed everyone to express their point of view and to get votes on amend-ments, up or down, before concluding that piece of legislation. I think the most notable part of that was that we actually had more votes in the Senate during the 3 weeks we were on the Key-stone XL Pipeline than we had all of last year under the previous manage-ment. 
So it was amazing to me to see that 
the Democratic leadership—the Senate minority—worked so hard to marshal their caucus together to block debate on this $40 billion appropriations bill to fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity, especially considering the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S753 February 4, 2015 
promise of the Senator from Illinois to 
continue to work with us to foster an open debate process and an open oppor-tunity on both sides of the aisle to offer good ideas and to put them up for a vote on how to improve legislation. 
It was also amazing to see this out-
come considering what so many of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle said last fall when the President made his Executive action on immigration. 
As I said yesterday—and I want to re-
peat it again—we are not upset with people who are seeking a better life in the United States. All we are asking for is a legal process. We are very upset with the President violating his oath of office and purporting to make uncon-stitutional Executive orders. That is the problem. That is what the House is focused on like a laser. 
In fact, this President’s actions were 
a stunning display of Executive over-reach. You don’t have to take my word for it; take his word for it—at least the first 22 times he talked about it. He said he didn’t have the authority to do it 22 different times. 
Then there is the view of some of our 
colleagues in the minority. For exam-ple, the senior Senator from West Vir-ginia put it simply last November when he expressed, I think, the feeling of a lot of Democrats when he said, ‘‘I wish he wouldn’t do it.’’ 
This was echoed also in a very 
straightforward manner by the very junior Senator from Minnesota, who said, ‘‘I have concerns about executive action.’’ Of course, it is easy to under-stand why because this is a uniquely legislative responsibility. The Presi-dent doesn’t have authority to make laws on his own—at least that used to be his position. 
Then the senior Senator from Mis-
souri said of the President’s unilateral action: ‘‘How this is coming about makes me uncomfortable, [and] I think it probably makes most Missourians uncomfortable.’’ Well, the public opin-ion polls I have seen bear that com-ment out, that while many people think we do need to fix our broken im-migration system, the majority of peo-ple in the public opinion polls I have seen disagree with the way the Presi-dent has tried to act by doing this uni-laterally—or purporting to do it unilat-erally. 
Well, I have good news for Senator 
M
CCASKILL , Senator F RANKEN , and Sen-
ator M ANCHIN . The House of Represent-
atives has actually passed a piece of legislation that addresses their con-cerns and should give them some com-fort. 
The legislation on which we are try-
ing to open debate fully funds, as I said, the Department of Homeland Se-curity while reining in the President’s unconstitutional actions. This is one of the tools available to Congress—using these legislative riders on appropria-tions to in effect express disapproval and defund certain acts by the Execu-tive. That is one of the tools we have available to us. I will renew my request from yester-
day to Senator R
EID, the Democratic 
leader, and ask the assistant minority leader to honor his commitment that he made when we were debating the Keystone XL Pipeline. Please work with us to achieve at least debate on the floor, if not some significant legis-lation. But to just throw a fit and say ‘‘We refuse to even start debate on the legislation’’ strikes me as more of a po-litical move than a legislative solu-tion. 
So I would ask my friends on the 
other side of the aisle, who so boldly stood up to express their concerns with the President’s Executive actions only a few short months ago, to again stand up—this time to their own leadership— and to join us in reining in the Presi-dent’s Executive overreach and to not hold hostage the $40 billion the House has appropriated to help fund the De-partment of Homeland Security through the end of the fiscal year, through September 31. 
If there are parts of the House bill 
you don’t like—and there are parts of the House bill that I have concerns over and that I hope we have a chance to vote on, but that is the way the House and the Senate are supposed to relate to one another. The House passes legislation, the Senate passes legislation, and if they are different, then they get reconciled in a con-ference committee or through a ping- pong back-and-forth before they go to the President. But to throw a fit and say ‘‘We refuse to do our job of legis-lating’’ just because they don’t like where we are starting is extraor-dinarily counterproductive and is an unfortunate return to the dysfunction I believe the voters repudiated in their vote on November 4. So we will see whether there is a different point of view. 
I know the majority leader, Senator 
M
CCONNELL , will come back to the 
floor and ask to reconsider the vote from yesterday, and so there will be another opportunity for our friends across the aisle to reconsider their vote blocking even beginning considering this legislation. I hope they will recon-sider and join us and try to come up with a consensus solution. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). The Senator from Missouri. 
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I wish 
to follow up on what the majority whip has been talking about. 
Clearly the country is and should be 
concerned by the President’s unilateral Executive action on immigration. He announced this action on November 20 of last year. The majority whip has al-ready gone down that list of a number of our colleagues on the other side who said this is the wrong way to do this. The House happens to agree. In fact, the House of Representatives has 
passed legislation that agrees that this is the wrong way to do it and try to come up with a remedy. 
Frankly, there is a better remedy. 
We are not going to find that better remedy if we don’t have a debate. We 
are not going to find that better rem-edy if we don’t come to the floor and say: Here is how we think that bill should be changed. 
The action taken last November by 
the President was clearly Executive overreach. It was an affront, I believe, to the rule of law, and it was an affront to the Constitution. Article II, Section 3 of the Constitution states that the President ‘‘shall take care that the laws be faithfully executed.’’ That is the end of the quote right out of the Constitution. It couldn’t be clearer— ‘‘shall take care that the laws be faith-fully executed.’’ 
That is why we call the President the 
Executive. The President’s job is not to make the law. The President’s job is not to rule as a court would on the law. The President’s job is to execute the law. The question here is: Does the law matter or not? The question here is: What do we do when the House of Rep-resentatives has passed a spending bill that would allow the funding for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security for the rest of the fiscal year—between now and September 30—which does try to stop President Obama’s Executive amnesty plan? 
It appears, if you can believe what 
you read that people have said, that a substantial majority of the Senate agrees the President shouldn’t have done what he did. So what is our obli-gation to try to undo that? The House has done their part by sending a bill over that does that. 
The President himself said 22 times 
that he didn’t have the authority to do what he eventually did. I guess this is one case where I agree with the Presi-dent 22 times. So if anybody is think-ing I don’t agree with the President, here are 22 times I agree with the President—the 22 times he said he couldn’t do what he eventually decided to do. And what was that? The Presi-dent said he can’t unilaterally change the country’s immigration laws. 
The President didn’t have that au-
thority the 22 times he said he didn’t have that authority. He didn’t have that authority on November 20, 2014, when he took actions that clearly were designed not to enforce the law, and he doesn’t have that authority now. So the House sent a bill over that tries to clarify that the President doesn’t have that authority; that the legislative branch of the Federal Government is the House of Representatives and the Senate of the United States. It is not whoever gets to act last. 
Occasionally, the President will say: 
I am going to take Executive action if the Congress doesn’t do its job. Well, the key point there is that it is the job of the Congress to pass laws, not the job of the President. If the President wants to repeal the law, if the Presi-dent wants to change the law, nobody is in a better position than the Presi-dent of the United States to encourage the Congress and the country to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S754 February 4, 2015 
that. But that doesn’t mean the Presi-
dent has the default option, if the Con-gress doesn’t act by some certain date, to just do it himself. That is not in the Constitution. The President is not going to find it there. 
I continue to believe the House- 
passed Department of Homeland Secu-rity funding bill is the way to send a message to the President that he can’t act unilaterally; that there is a con-stitutional way to do this. I have not given up on winning over six Demo-crats in the Senate. Everybody under-stands the importance of 60 votes in the Senate. There are 54 Republicans, not 60, but there are more than six Democrats who have said they didn’t agree with what the President did. I think in all cases they have said they agree with the funding levels or they would vote for the funding levels for the Department of Homeland Security. It seems to me those two things come together pretty nicely here. They get a chance, by debating this bill, to undo what the President did and to fund the Department of Homeland Security. So there are at least six Democrats who have said those are two different things they are for, and this is a case where we get to do that. 
We need to pass this House measure 
that ensures spending at an important time with critical needs of homeland security, but it also would stop the President’s illegal amnesty. We should not let that stand. We don’t know where these legislative fights will wind up until we have them. Maybe that is why no Democrat yesterday was will-ing to have this debate, because maybe they do not know what happens if at-tention is called to the past positions they have had or the need to fund the Department of Homeland Security. But we don’t know how these legislative battles work out if we don’t have them. I think we need to have this one. 
Leader M
CCONNELL said our first 
choice is to try to pass the House bill. If the law shouldn’t be followed, then advocate that it be repealed, advocate that it be changed, but don’t advocate that it be ignored. The ignore clause of the Constitution doesn’t exist. There is no ability of the Executive to do that. 
The United States is a nation found-
ed on the rule of law. With every trade agreement we enter into, with all our relationships with other countries, and with people who come here, we talk about this being a country where you can look at the law and rely on the law itself—no matter what your status. The President is to take care that the laws are faithfully executed. Yet Presi-dent Obama repeatedly has found ways to circumvent the Congress by picking and choosing which laws he wants to enforce. 
Take the case of the overwhelmingly 
complicated health care law, where the President is picking and choosing what dates the law is to be complied with, even though the law often has very clear other dates. The President said: Well, I think there is a better date. This is a bill of which the President 
was a major advocate. He had a chance to put the dates in there and didn’t. 
I recently reintroduced the EN-
FORCE the Law Act to ensure the President can’t just continue to bla-tantly not do what the law says has to be done. This is a bill I introduced in the last Congress, where it passed the House with a bipartisan vote, but we weren’t allowed to vote on it in the Senate. Apparently, there are a num-ber of my colleagues who think that not only are we no longer allowed to vote on bills, but now it is even a bad idea if we debate a bill. That is what the vote was yesterday—to debate the bill. It wasn’t approving anything ex-cept to debate the bill. That is what we should be moving towards now so we can fund this part of the government. The President complicated the funding of this agency with his action last No-vember. 
The ENFORCE the Law Act permits 
the Congress, if the Congress believes the President isn’t enforcing the law, to go to court—not to wait months and years for an aggrieved citizen to go to court with their own money and say he or she does not believe the government has the authority to do something. This allows the Congress to go to court and to go early and let a judge decide if the law is being enforced as written or not. 
The ENFORCE the Law Act would re-
establish the proper limits of the exec-utive branch. It would restore checks and balances. It would also provide a defender of citizens who, in their own capacity, don’t have to defend or fight the government by themselves if the Congress itself believes the President has taken authority that he doesn’t have or is enforcing the law in a way that wasn’t intended. 
I think we have to stand up for the 
rule of law. I have joined in a court case supporting the State of Texas. Texas is suing the administration over what they believe are all kinds of added expenses put on them by the President’s power grab in deciding on his own which immigration laws would be enforced and which won’t be. Sen-ator C
ORNYN , Senator C RUZ, and I were 
signatories to this brief filed in Decem-ber, and 24 House Members joined us, including the chairman of the Judici-ary Committee, saying we agree with these States and that many respon-sibilities have been placed on them be-cause the President of the United States chose not to enforce the law as written. 
Twenty-six States have now joined 
that lawsuit filed by the State of Texas, and I look forward to the con-clusion of that suit because I think the judge is likely to decide that, no, there isn’t the selectivity of which laws you enforce that the President has applied here, and there are great costs created for States as a result of that. 
Every Senator in this Chamber has a 
constitutional obligation to curb the unilateral Executive overreach. We have a chance to do that with the bill 
that could be before us. We have a chance to do that with the bill the House has sent over. This whole issue goes to the very heart of the system of checks and balances in our country and reiterates the importance of the Con-stitution and following the Constitu-tion—adhering to the rule of law. 
I would like to see us have a chance 
to do that, as this Department of Homeland Security funding bill should—and eventually, I am con-fident, will—come to the floor. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, it 
is good to follow my good friend, the chairman of the Committee on Rules and Administration, on which I am ranking member. I don’t agree with him, but he is a fine man. 
Now, I rise to dispel attempts by the 
other side of the aisle to dodge respon-sibility for funding the Department of Homeland Security in a responsible way. Here is what is happening. The rightwing of the Republican Party is risking a Department of Homeland Se-curity shutdown to get their way on immigration. They are saying: Take our hard-right stance on immigration or we won’t fund national security. 
Most Americans don’t agree with 
that view. Most Americans are for a ra-tional immigration policy. A large ma-jority in this body—bipartisan, led by Senator M
CCAINand myself—voted on 
that in 2013. But we have a small group, led by the junior Senator from Texas, who say: It is our way or we are going to shut down one of the premier agen-cies dedicated to our security. 
As I said when I engaged in a col-
loquy with my good friend from Texas, our Republican colleagues have the majority. They can debate immigra-tion any time they want. In fact, we welcome that debate. We think the American people are on our side. We are willing to have that debate. We are eager to have that debate but not with a gun put to the head not only of us but of the American people. Do what we, a narrow minority, want or we are going to shut down the Department of Homeland Security—at a time when se-curity is of utmost importance given what has happened around the world and what we just saw happen to the Jordanian pilot yesterday. 
This strategy makes no sense. The 
junior Senator from Texas is leading his party at best into a cul-de-sac, and at worst over a cliff. We are not going to be taken hostage. If my good friend the majority leader, Senator M
CCON-
NELL , thinks that by bringing this bill 
up again and again it is going to change what happened yesterday, it is not. So we are saying to the other side: Now that you have seen the vote, now that you have shown Speaker B
OEHNER  
that we can’t pass his bill in the Sen-ate, get real. I say get real, to my friend the majority leader and to the Speaker of the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S755 February 4, 2015 
Let’s roll up our sleeves, and let’s 
work out a Department of Homeland Security bill and pass it. Let’s not hold that agency hostage. Let’s not just renew them every couple of months. As the Secretary of DHS said yesterday, that is like getting a car and only giv-ing it five miles of gas at a time. It just doesn’t work. So get real. Let’s nego-tiate a DHS spending bill. 
I know our Senator from Maryland, 
the ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations, and the Senator from New Hampshire, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Homeland Security of the Committee on Appropriations, are eager to sit down and pass a bill that we can all agree on in terms of funding Homeland Security, and then we can debate im-migration. Then we can debate immi-gration—but no hostage taking and none of this bullying. None of this: If you don’t do it my way, I am going to hurt a whole lot of innocent people. That didn’t work in 2013 when Repub-lican numbers plummeted after they tried to shut down the government, and it won’t work today. 
We will not allow a government shut-
down. We will not allow hostage-tak-ing. We will ask our colleagues to get reasonable, do things the way they used to be done, debate each issue on the merits. They have the floor. They can debate any issue they want and move forward. 
I will say one other thing to my Re-
publican colleagues: The junior Sen-ator from Texas has you tied in a knot. I say that to Speaker B
OEHNER as well: 
Speaker B OEHNER , the junior Senator 
from Texas has you tied in a knot. Now you are going to have to find a way to untangle it. We will not be bullied. We will not be told we have to negotiate because you seek to hurt innocent peo-ple and hurt our security. We will move forward. 
So let me suggest the way to go for-
ward: Let’s put a good, clean Homeland Security bill on the floor. Let’s make America secure. Then, separately, we are happy to debate immigration to the Republican Party’s heart’s content, but let’s stop this govern-by-crisis mentality, especially when national se-curity hangs in the balance. 
So I urge Speaker B
OEHNER , I urge 
Senator M CCONNELL to come to their 
senses, end this wild goose chase and let us vote on a clean bill forthwith. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
wish to talk about the necessity of having an appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security and the fact that it is being held up over the issue of folks in the House of Rep-
resentatives who do not want to appro-priate money for the actions that the President has taken in trying to im-prove a dysfunctional immigration sys-tem. Holding up the funding for the De-partment of Homeland Security appro-priations is absolutely ridiculous, in the opinion of this Senator. 
The fact is the clock is ticking be-
cause the funding runs out in just a couple of weeks—February 27. What does the Department’s name imply? Keeping the homeland secure. 
In one regard, that means cyber at-
tacks. Doesn’t it occur to someone that we have had an extraordinary number of cyber attacks recently? Most every-body will remember Sony. People were attacking us because they wanted to stop the expression of free speech, in this case with regard to a movie the Sony company had produced. Because they got in and got all of the personal data and were manipulating the inter-nal controls of the company with this cyber attack, it is the Department of Homeland Security that is charged. Hopefully, if we can ever pass a cyber security bill that can be signed into law, the portal through which the early warnings will come will be the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. By the way, that cost the Sony corporation about $100 million. 
How about what happened to all of 
the customers of Target: Addresses, phone numbers, and e-mail addresses were taken from 70 million Americans who were customers of Target. 
How about Yahoo: Passwords and 
user names were exposed to cyber at-tacks. 
How about eBay: Users’ passwords, 
because of a cyber attack, had to be changed because they were com-promised. 
How about a number of major banks, 
including JPMorgan Chase: Seventy- six million households and seven mil-lion small businesses’ accounts were af-fected by the attack. 
How about Home Depot: Six million 
accounts were put at risk. 
That ought to be enough to continue 
the funding of the Department of Homeland Security, but there is a lot more. 
Most folks understand that TSA, 
which checks us as we go through the security at airports, at seaports—TSA is a part of the Department of Home-land Security. Are we going to cut off the funding for TSA—TSA that is now trying to stop the new kind of attacks with nonmetallic explosives? 
Remember, because of our intel-
ligence apparatus, working through li-aison partners in other countries, about 2 years ago a cartridge in a printer was discovered ultimately going onto an airplane that was bound for the United States—that was a non-metallic explosive. We were fortunate we got that, but they continue. 
These folks who are trying to attack 
us all over the world are trying very ingenious ways to avoid the security, and we rely on TSA—especially at 
American airports—to protect us. 
We simply in a couple of weeks can’t 
afford for the appropriations to stop. 
How about immigration, U.S. Cus-
toms and Border Protection: Again, an-other responsibility of the Department of Homeland Security, and we are going to cut off the funding on what kind of folks are coming across our borders and what kind of folks we are going to be checking and rechecking and what kind of things they are bring-ing into the borders. 
There are a lot of people who want to 
get into this country to do us harm. That is the responsibility of the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
So it is not only ridiculous to this 
Senator, it is almost silly. But the problem is it is tragic, and it could be horrendous given the fact that people around the world are trying to harm us as we try to protect ourselves in our national security every day. 
This is a debate we should not be 
having. Unfortunately, it is a condition our politics have come to, and we need to stop that condition. 
I leave the Presiding Officer on a 
happier note. As the Senate goes into recess at the conclusion of my re-marks, happily all of the Senators are going to a bipartisan luncheon where we are going to talk about things we can do together. Indeed, that is the happiest thing I have heard today. 
Madam President, as I yield the 
floor, I understand that pursuant to the previous order, the Senate will stand in recess. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:30 p.m., 
recessed until 2 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the time until 2:45 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I 
come to the floor in my position as the vice chair of the Appropriations Com-mittee to urge the Senate to pass a clean Homeland Security appropria-tions bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S756 February 4, 2015 
Yesterday the Senate rejected a pro-
cedural vote to take up the House Homeland Security funding bill. This is not about debating the weeds over this bill versus that bill. There are two dis-tinct differences. The House bill has the funding for fiscal year 2015 in it that would take care of every single agency under the Department of Home-
land Security to defend and protect the Nation, but at the same time it is load-ed with five immigration riders that we call poison pill riders because the President said if legislation to fund Homeland Security passes with these five immigration riders, he will veto the bill. 
The President wants to fund an ap-
propriations bill, and so do I. The House Homeland Security bill, if taken up by the Senate, would simply be a de-laying tactic. We would talk, we would debate, we would offer lots of amend-ments on immigration, and after we got lots of amendments on immigra-tion it might go to the President. The President would veto it, and it would come back, and after all is said and done, more would get said than gets done. We have to pass the funding for the protecting of the homeland. 
Yesterday the entire world was 
gripped with poignancy and sorrow about the ghoulish murder of a Jor-danian pilot. The threat of terrorism is in the world—attacks by ISIL on peo-ple, the possibility of a lone wolf in our own country, a cyber attack in retalia-tion because we dare fight back against ISIL or because we are willing to chal-lenge some of the other international predators directed at us. We have to protect the United States of America. That is what the Department of Home-land Security does. The Department of Defense protects us over there; the De-partment of Homeland Security pro-tects us here. 
After 9/11—one of the worst days in 
our country’s history—the Congress came together, and we passed legisla-tion to create the Department of Homeland Security so we could take every agency that was involved in pro-tecting the homeland and put them under one umbrella so they could look out for us. Now we need to look out for them. Every day we ask men and women to serve in the Coast Guard, in the Secret Service, in the Border Pa-trol protecting our borders, in Customs making sure fraudulent products such as counterfeit drugs are not crossing our borders into our country. Now we need to pass that bill. We need to make sure we do not have a shutdown or a slamdown when the funding expires on February 27. 
In December when I chaired the com-
mittee, in the closing hours of the past Congress, I worked with my sub-committee chairman, Senator Lan-drieu, the vice chairman of homeland security, Senator C
OATS , and we put to-
gether a crucial funding bill that to-talled $46 billion to invest in agencies that protect us. It was $1 billion more—$1 billion—than the continuing resolution. We could have taken up 
that bill then, but there was a desire, because of controversy over the Presi-dent taking Executive actions on im-migration, not to do it. So now here we are in February. Now it is our time to fund a clean Homeland Security bill. 
Immigration is a serious policy issue. 
I don’t dispute that. It deserves serious debate. But don’t add it as a series of riders on the funding bill; rather, let’s take up immigration separately. 
I remind our colleagues that in the 
last Congress this Senate passed a com-prehensive immigration bill, only to have it die in the House. So we say let’s pass our bill again, let’s have the House take it up, and let’s have a real debate on it, but in the meantime, we will have funded the Homeland Secu-rity bill. 
This isn’t B
ARB MIKULSKI talking 
about more government spending. Every past head of the Department of Homeland Security has urged the Sen-ate to pass a separate bill. Tom Ridge, the original chief executive of this agency; Michael Chertoff, who also served under President Bush; and Janet Napolitano are calling for it, and so am I. 
Right now our Coast Guard is out 
there safeguarding our waterways. We in Maryland just love our Coast Guard. We love them because, No. 1, they are always there for search and rescue; No. 2, they are always there to protect our bay. Whether it is against a possible oilspill or drug dealers trying to sneak up the bay, they are there. We also know how brave they were. We all re-call how, with helicopters, they went in and rescued people during the hor-rific Hurricane Katrina, and they do it every day. 
Then there is the Secret Service. The 
Secret Service is in the process of re-forming itself. They need to protect the President, the Vice President, the First Families. But you know what— they are also out there being the gov-ernment G-men, fighting things such as credit card fraud. 
Then there are the cyber warriors 
protecting our critical infrastructure— our banking, our power grid. 
Then there is FEMA, which right now 
is responding to disasters, whether it is a blizzard or a hurricane. 
Then there are State and local re-
sponders. One of the programs I am so proud of in the Department of Home-land Security is the Fire Grant Pro-gram. The Fire Grant Program is a competitive grant program—not an earmarked program, a competitive grant program—where local fire de-partments, particularly those in our rural communities, can apply for a grant to buy the necessary equipment they need to protect them so they can protect us. 
I know the Presiding Officer is famil-
iar with this in Nebraska. Turnout gear for a firefighter—the respiratory equip-ment to protect their breathing, the telecommunications, the fire-retard-ant/repellent material—can cost as much as $1,000 to $2,000 per firefighter. 
They cannot do this with pancake breakfasts. They cannot do it with fish fries and chicken dinners. They need the help of their own government to help them. 
So I say let’s pass a clean Homeland 
Security bill. Let’s stop terrorist threats. Let’s secure our borders. Let’s safeguard our waterways. Let’s make sure we are protecting our homeland and move to a clean bill. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum and ask unanimous consent that the time be equally divided between the parties. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Thank you, Madam 
President. 
I was very pleased to hear the rank-
ing member of the Appropriations Committee, Senator M
IKULSKI , who has 
done such great work on the com-mittee in putting together the bipar-tisan agreement that was negotiated last December with the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee, Congressman R
OGERS . That was a bill 
which, as the Senator pointed out, funded the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security to keep people safe, to address emergencies, to try to pro-tect us from cyber security threats—a whole range of efforts at the Depart-ment. 
I want Senator M
IKULSKI to hear a 
comment that I understand was made by the House Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee chairman J
OHN 
CARTER , who is a Republican from 
Texas. When he was asked about what the outcome of this debate would be on funding the Department of Homeland Security, his comment was, ‘‘Ulti-mately, there may be a clean bill.’’ 
Well, I say to Senator M
IKULSKI , if 
the House Republicans and the chair of the subcommittee in the House are ac-knowledging that ultimately there may be a clean bill to fund the Depart-ment to do what was negotiated by you and Congressman R
OGERS last Decem-
ber, doesn’t it make sense that we should get a clean bill done as soon as possible so there is certainty for the Department of Homeland Security so they can continue the planning efforts and they can continue to address the threats to our national security? Shouldn’t we just get this done now and stop this ideological fighting and putting at risk people of this country because somebody has an ideological concern about this bill? 
Ms. MIKULSKI. First of all, I thank 
the Senator for bringing Representa-tive C
ARTER ’s comments to my atten-
tion. I absolutely agree with the Sen-ator’s analysis and also with the com-ments by Representative C
ARTER . We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S757 February 4, 2015 
should have a sense of urgency in pass-
ing the Homeland Security bill. The terrorists and the bad guys—whether they are organized crime trying to get across our borders, whether they are the terrorists watching us—they are saying: Hey, they are so busy fighting each other, they don’t have time to think about fighting us. They are watching us and laughing at us because while we squabble and quibble and drib-ble, they are out there plotting against us. 
I say to the ranking member of the 
subcommittee, I do think there is a sense of urgency. 
I also wish to comment on the House. 
When we were working in the closing hours on the actual money part of the bill, I found remarkable bipartisan con-sensus. Left to our own analysis about how to be wise stewards of the tax-payer dollars for important security in-vestments, there was wide bipartisan agreement. There may have been a dif-ferent priority here or there, but by and large we knew exactly which pub-lic investments to make. And you know what—we did it within the caps, we did it within the allocation, and we got the job done. 
We could do this job this afternoon. I 
feel a great sense of urgency because while the bad guys are plotting against us, we are busy plotting how we can fight each other. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I 
certainly agree with the ranking mem-ber of the Appropriations Committee. I will just point out that in the last 2 days, we have heard from the Con-ference of Mayors, which has urged us to pass a clean bill to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. We have heard from the emergency managers across this country who are concerned about the risks of assistance for dis-aster relief and for FEMA, and today we got a letter from the National Asso-ciation of Counties urging the passage of a clean bill to ensure that the safety of our communities can be maintained. 
As the Senator said, we should not 
put these communities at risk, the ef-forts that are going on across this country to keep the Nation safe, be-cause there are those people who are angry at the President about an Execu-tive action. We can have that debate, but we should have that debate sepa-rately. We need to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security now to en-sure that there are no risks to our citi-zens. 
I thank Senator M
IKULSKI and the 
Presiding Officer. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, yester-
day I spoke about the importance of voting yes to proceed to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security appropria-tions bill for 2015, H.R. 240. That mo-tion was unsuccessful. Despite all the voices from the other side of the aisle expressing support for the Department of Homeland Security, they refused to actually proceed to debate the bill. 
My friends on the other side of the 
aisle have expressed concern that the bill is not 100 percent of what they want. In my experience, it is rare for anyone to get 100 percent of what they want when it comes to passing legisla-tion, and that is certainly true when it comes to passing an appropriations bill. I am not talking about a vote on final passage or even a vote on amend-ments. I am talking about a vote to proceed to the debate on this bill. In addition to having the opportunity to offer amendments, an important part of the debate on a bill is the ability of any Senator to raise a budget point of order. 
My counterpart, the distinguished 
ranking member of the Homeland Se-curity Appropriations Subcommittee, has pointed out that there are budget points of order against the bill. But the point I would make is that in order for her to raise the budget point of order, you have to actually proceed to the bill. 
I am certainly willing to acknowl-
edge her budget points of order, which she brought up on the floor yesterday, but the point I am making is we have to proceed to the bill in order to debate those budget points of order and, in fact, vote on them. 
The minority refuses to move to the 
bill because they object to the amend-ments added by the House of Rep-resentatives. The House went through its process, and now it is time for the Senate to go through its process. That is how the system works. That is reg-ular order. 
Last week, after the consideration of 
many amendments, we passed the Key-stone XL Pipeline bill with a bipar-tisan vote of 62 Senators. There were rollcall votes on 41 amendments. 
Since I introduced the Keystone bill, 
I would have thought it would have been great if we could have just passed it with an up-or-down vote, but that is not how the Senate is designed to legis-late. Instead, we vote to proceed to a bill so we can debate it, offer amend-ments, and work to develop consensus. 
I am aware that it has been a long 
time since we had regular order in the Senate. We are not used to bringing a bill to the floor and debating amend-ments. But instead of embracing reg-ular order, something we were denied in the previous Congress, we can’t even proceed to debate and offer amend-ments on this bill—an important bill that we need to take up and address. 
The contents of H.R. 240 represent 
the bipartisan prerogatives and prior-ities of Congress. Again, the House went through its process. What we are asking for now is for the Senate to do 
the same—to go through the process, go to the bill, and do the work we were sent here to do. 
I discussed the merits of the bill at 
length earlier, but I will go through some of the highlights again just to re-mind my colleagues what is in the bill and why we are here. This bill will sup-port the economic prosperity, public safety, and security of the American people. 
This bill provides $39.67 billion in net 
discretionary appropriations, plus $6.4 billion in disaster funding. That in-cludes $10.7 billion for Customs and Border Protection, CBP, and that is an increase of $119 million over fiscal year 2014. It supports record levels of per-sonnel, tactical infrastructure tech-nology, and air and marine assets. 
The bill provides $5.96 billion for Im-
migration and Customs Enforcement, ICE. It maintains a record 34,000 adult detention beds and 3,828 family deten-tion beds. 
The bill provides strong support for 
the Secret Service, an organization that requires congressional oversight, given some of the recent incidents, and is $81 million above fiscal year 2014 funding. 
The bill provides the funding nec-
essary to construct the National Bio and Agro-Defense Facility, NBAF, in Manhattan, KS. 
It provides more than $10 billion for 
the Coast Guard, including the 8th Na-tional Security Cutter, and takes a se-rious step to address the near-term, heavy-ice breaker needs with $8 million 
for preserving the ship Polar Ice. 
The bill supports our cyber security 
efforts, both protecting government op-erations and working with the private sector to share threat information and protective measures. 
Since homeland security is a na-
tional effort, the bill provides contin-ued funding for grant programs to State and local firefighters, emergency managers, and law enforcement. 
The bill also provides for research 
and development, TSA’s aviation secu-rity screening operations, the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, and E-Verify, which supports businesses across the United States in hiring legal workers. 
Finally, the bill provides a requested 
$7 billion for the Disaster Relief Fund to assist with recovery costs for com-munities when they are hit by natural disasters. 
What the bill does not fund is the 
President’s Executive actions. The House bill includes several amend-ments that are targeted at reversing the President’s actions and articu-lating priorities for immigration en-forcement. If that is concerning to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, then allow us to proceed to the bill so we can debate these important issues. 
We have returned to regular order in 
this Chamber, and with that comes the responsibility to debate, offer amend-ments, and vote on legislation. That is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S758 February 4, 2015 
what we are asking to do, and that is 
what we are calling on our colleagues to do. That is what the American peo-ple want us to do. That is what we are here to do. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in favor 
of proceeding to H.R. 240 so we can do our work. 
With that, I yield the floor. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, will 
my colleague from North Dakota, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Homeland Security, yield for a ques-tion? 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I will. Mrs. SHAHEEN. I appreciate the 
work my colleague has done on this funding bill, and I think we certainly agree on the funding that is in the bill. That is not what the debate we are having is about. 
I ask the Senator from North Dakota 
if he has heard the comments of Chair-man J
OHNCARTER of the House Appro-
priations Subcommittee on Homeland Security, a Republican from Texas, who said: ‘‘Ultimately, there may be a clean bill.’’ 
If the House is acknowledging that 
ultimately we may have a clean bill to fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity, doesn’t it make sense that we would move forward to get this funding done, and we would make sure there is certainty to address the risks facing this country? 
We can debate immigration. I don’t 
think there is anybody on the Demo-cratic side who doesn’t want to have an immigration debate. We are happy to have it. But we should have that as a separate debate. As the Republican ma-jority knows, they control the debate in the Senate. So they can decide to bring up an immigration bill as soon as we pass funding for the Department of Homeland Security. So I hope, as the House suggests, ultimately there is going to be a clean bill and that we would pass it as soon as possible to pro-vide certainty and then move on to de-bate the other issues facing this coun-try. 
I ask my colleague from North Da-
kota if he has spoken to the chairman of the House Appropriations Homeland Security Subcommittee, and does he share his view that ultimately there may be a clean bill? 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to respond to the question of my counterpart on the Subcommittee on Homeland Security in the Senate, and I want to begin by acknowledging and stating again that I enjoy working with her. We have worked together on other committees and other issues, and I think there will be other issues we will work on together. 
I am pleased to have this discussion 
with her because this is exactly the kind of debate we are asking for. We are asking to proceed to this bill so we can debate and, in fact, offer amend-ments. So what we are saying is— whether it is our colleagues on the House side or whether it is Members of the Senate—let’s follow regular order, have the discussion, have the debate, 
offer amendments, and see where we end up. 
Now, I believe the President’s actions 
exceeded his authority in regard to his Executive order regarding immigra-tion. Let’s have that debate. Let’s go to the bill so we can actually do the work we were sent here to do, where we discuss, debate, and offer amendments. If my esteemed colleague feels there is an amendment she should offer that would change this bill to bring it in line with the opinions of House Mem-bers or other Members of the Senate, then she will have the opportunity to do that, as will her colleagues, as will we. That is the point. 
So the answer to the question is: We 
don’t know where we end up if we don’t get started. So let’s get started. That is what we are saying. Please join with us. Just as in our committee, we will have many committee meetings where we will debate issues and where we will take amendments from our fellow Sen-ators who are on that committee. But we can’t do that if we don’t bring the bill to the committee and get started. That is what we are asking to do on the Senate floor. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I 
point out to my colleague that Senator M
IKULSKI and I have introduced a clean 
bill that addresses funding for the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
The fact is we find ourselves in this 
situation on the appropriations bill be-cause of the riders that were attached by the House of Representatives. Those riders defund immigration directives that were issued by the President last year. 
Yesterday, the senior Senator from 
Texas suggested that Senate Demo-crats don’t want to debate immigra-tion. In fact, we are happy to debate immigration. In fact, this body, in 2013, passed a comprehensive immigration reform bill with a very strong bipar-tisan vote. 
The debate we are having today is 
about whether we are going to fund the Department of Homeland Security. The bill that is before us raises concerns about what is in the original clean bill that funds the Department of Home-land Security. 
As the Senator from North Dakota 
and I were just discussing, Senate Re-publicans control the Senate. If they want to vote on immigration measures, they can bring a bill that would do that to the floor by the end of this week because they control what we consider in the Senate. But the issue that is before us today is whether we are going to fund the Department of Homeland Security. This is an issue that is critical because right now our Nation faces serious national security and terrorism threats. 
This bill is not about the President’s 
Executive action; it is about whether we are going to fund the Department of Homeland Security. Since we have 
heard from so many of our Republican colleagues that they want to discuss immigration and border security, I spent some time yesterday speaking about all of the important investments that a clean, full-year funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security would make in our border security. If we don’t pass a clean funding bill, we will fail to make significant upgrades to technology on the border. We will fail to fund expanded enforcement ac-tivities for immigration officers. If we are serious about border security, we should support a clean full-year bill to fund the Department of Homeland Se-curity. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time 
of the Senator has expired. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. I ask unanimous 
consent to speak for 3 more minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. I thank the Chair. I also think it is instructive at this 
time to note for the R
ECORD that in-
cluded in the Executive actions that Republicans are trying to defund are provisions that increase border secu-rity, prioritize enforcement resources, and ensure accountability in our immi-gration system. The House bill that is before us today defunds—takes away the money—for the new policy of prioritizing criminals and national se-curity threats for removal from the United States. So one of the orders that have been issued by DHS that Re-publicans want to defund directs law 
enforcement officers to place top pri-ority on removing national security threats, convicted felons, gang mem-bers, and illegal entrants apprehended at the border. 
The House bill also defunds increased 
and strategic border security. 
Another one of the memos issued by 
DHS is on the Southern Border and Ap-proaches Campaign, which establishes three joint task forces to reduce the terrorism risks to the Nation, combat transnational criminal organizations, and prevent the illegal flow of people and goods along our border. So that is another part of this legislation our col-leagues want to defund. 
It doesn’t make sense, if we are con-
cerned about border security, that we would want to pass a bill that includes measures to defund these efforts. 
I understand my time has expired. I 
certainly hope everybody understands what the bill before us, which includes those five House riders, would actually do. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I wish 
to take a moment to respond to some of the points made by the Senator from New Hampshire. She indicated defunding provisions, but understand that this relates to Executive action undertaken by the President. The very same prioritization in terms of enforce-ment is funded in the underlying bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S759 February 4, 2015 
for enforcement of immigration law. 
Those prioritizations are there. 
The other point I wish to make is 
that the Senator speaks about funding the Department of Homeland Security and their desire to fund the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. That is ex-actly what this bill does. This bill fully funds the Department of Homeland Se-curity. There really is consensus be-tween the House and the Senate that it does it very well. That is what this bill does. It funds the Department of Home-land Security. 
So they are saying they want to fund 
the Department of Homeland Security. That is what this bill does, and that is why we have to proceed to it in order to accomplish full-year funding for DHS. 
The third point I will make briefly is 
that the Senator referred to a bill that she is sponsoring with the Senator from Maryland to fund DHS—to fund the Department of Homeland Secu-rity—and she wants to proceed to that 
bill. Well, the way to do that is to vote with us to get on the bill before us— H.R. 240—and then they can offer that as an amendment, and we will debate it and we will have the vote. 
So if the Senator from New Hamp-
shire wishes to have the opportunity to debate her legislation and vote on her legislation, then let’s vote to invoke cloture on this motion to proceed, let’s proceed to the bill, and we will allow our colleagues to offer amendments which we can debate and vote on. We are offering the other side the oppor-tunity to do exactly what they have asked to do. 
Most importantly, again, I wish to go 
back to the point I just made. This bill fully funds the Department of Home-land Security for the full year, and we are being blocked from going to the bill, debating the bill, allowing amend-ments on the bill, and getting to the final product for the American people, while working with the House. Remem-ber, we have to produce a product that passes the House, too, to fund the De-partment of Homeland Security for this country. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to the motion to re-consider the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 240. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to reconsider the motion to in-voke cloture on the motion to proceed to H.R. 240. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant 
to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to H.R. 240, making appro-priations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2015. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Richard 
Burr, Jerry Moran, John Thune, John-ny Isakson, Marco Rubio, Roy Blunt, Pat Roberts, Deb Fischer, John Booz-man, David Vitter, Tim Scott, Roger F. Wicker, Richard C. Shelby, Michael B. Enzi, Rand Paul. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 240, an act making ap-propriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, shall be brought to a close, upon reconsideration? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the 
roll. 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 53, 
nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 52 Leg.] 
YEAS—53 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kirk Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul 
Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin 
Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Heller Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murphy Murray Nelson 
Peters Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
TOOMEY ). On this vote, the yeas are 53, 
the nays are 47. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. 
The Senator from Indiana. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein 
for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Indiana. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S BUDGET 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I wish to 
make some remarks about the Presi-dent’s budget, which was presented to us on Monday of this week as his an-nual proposal to Congress. 
Given our country’s enormous fiscal 
challenges and the results of the 2014 midterm election, I think there was hope among many of us that the re-lease of this budget would be an oppor-tunity for the President to work with us. 
There was a lot of talk about work-
ing with Congress, working together. The message from the November 2014 election was that the American people want Congress to get some things done. And by the way, what about the con-tinuing deficit? Are we going to get back to this draconian knife held over our throats, where the budget con-tinues to put us in a position where debt and deficit continue to be the plague which is going to have enor-mous, negative consequences on the fu-ture of this country? 
Given these enormous challenges, 
there was really hope the President with his last 2 years, would see as part of his legacy an opportunity to work together to put us on a sound fiscal path. But much like the coach of the Seahawks on the 1-yard line, the Presi-dent chose to make the wrong call. 
In this case, in my opinion—and I 
think the opinion of many—the right call would have been a plan that actu-ally puts us on a path for a balanced budget, addresses a skyrocketing man-datory spending burden and reforms our outdated Tax Code. These are, 
hopefully, ideas that both Republicans and Democrats could agree on. They would be in our national interest to move forward on. The time is now— with a Democratic President and a Re-publican Congress—to work together to achieve what Ronald Reagan and Tip O’Neill agreed to and what Bill Clinton and Newt Gingrich agreed to on welfare reform and on a number of other major initiatives that had been undertaken in Congress with support from both par-ties. They could be addressed. 
But instead of pursuing a path of 
consensus on these issues, the Presi-dent comes forward with $2.1 trillion in additional tax increases over the next 10 years. Is there any end to the obses-sion the President has for raising taxes on the American people? 
All the debate at the end of the last 
cycle—the previous cycle before the last cycle—was over the fiscal cliff. Let’s raise taxes on the richest people in America and the high earners, and that will address the problem of taxes. But we never could get to the spending issue. 
So if you like government to just 
keep increasing: Send your tax dollars 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S760 February 4, 2015 
to Washington, and we will spend it. 
That seems to be what the President had to say. Rather than looking at the dire consequences of not addressing these long-term problems, the Presi-dent proposes to spend nearly $4 tril-lion in fiscal year 2016, a 7-percent in-crease from fiscal year 2015 and about $1 trillion more than what was spent in 2008. The President wants to eliminate the very budget caps that his adminis-tration proposed and he signed into law in 2011. 
Well, it may be one thing to adjust 
those budget caps, particularly as it impacts our national defense and na-tional security, but if that was done in conjunction with a larger proposal to address this out-of-control mandatory spending, wasteful spending, and un-necessary spending that is taking place here in Washington, that would be one thing to consider. 
But this simply is just more of the 
same, going in the same direction, pro-posing unbalanced budgets each year, and adding more and more to our def-icit and to our debt. 
The President likes to talk about his 
veto pen and, with the release of this budget, we can only conclude that pen only contains red ink. The President has taken a pass on the golden oppor-tunity to move forward and work to-gether. Instead, his budget takes us in the same direction we have been going in the past 6 years without any pro-posal to address it in any kind of seri-ous way. I think it is imperative that we do that. 
Just last week, the Congressional 
Budget Office released its latest eco-nomic report and the findings were, once again, very sobering. This non-partisan report warned that under cur-rent law our ‘‘large and growing federal debt would have serious negative con-sequences, including increasing federal spending for interest payments; re-straining economic growth in the long term; giving policymakers less flexi-bility to respond to unexpected chal-lenges; and eventually heightening the risk of a fiscal crisis.’’ 
The CBO projects that the gross Fed-
eral debt is expected to raise another $10 trillion over the next decade. The report also says that we will spend down almost $800 billion of the Social Security Trust Fund over the next 10 years. 
Ten years from now, it is projected 
that spending on mandatory programs and interest on the debt will consume almost 94 percent of all Federal reve-nues, leaving far fewer funds for other important national priorities, such as strengthening our infrastructure, na-tional defense, medical research, edu-cation, and any number of issues that could be dealt with on a national basis that would affect the future of this country. But it will not be able to be done because we have not taken these steps. Time is running out to make the tough fiscal choices now so future gen-erations will not be saddled with an even higher burden of debt. I regret the President has yet to 
come forward with the serious intent of working with us to deal with one of our country’s most challenging and most pressing problems with creative solu-tions. We will only be able to accom-plish the results we need if we work to-gether, as the President has said. But it takes his engagement if we are going to succeed. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
Mr. WARNER. First, Mr. President, I 
commend my good friend, the Senator from Indiana, for his good work on lay-ing out, with the Senator from Oregon, one approach on reforming the Tax Code and his willingness to look at this issue of our national debt. 
Let me echo, at $18 trillion—he cited 
some statistics—interest rates go up 1 percent. That is more than $120 billion a year off the top. That is more than we spend each year on the issues I am going to speak to—the Department of Homeland Security. 
The only issue I would raise with my 
friend is that we do need that grand bargain. But no one who has looked at this problem hasn’t said: You are not going to solve it without revenues being part of the mix. You have to do entitlement reform. But even with the so-called revenues from the fiscal cliff, let me just point out that we brought the country to the brink of unforeseen financial areas. 
To raise $600 billion, well, in the past 
few years we have had unprecedented one-time revenues from the Federal Reserve north of $400 billion, $200 bil-lion-plus that CBO counts as revenue from paybacks of Fannie and Freddie. We do not have the revenue streams. If we can get back to revenue streams from the late 1990s, revenue as a per-cent of our GDP, when the economy was booming and jobs were being cre-ated and there was bipartisan collabo-ration, I think that, combined with en-titlement reform—to make sure Social Security and Medicare are truly sus-tainable for the next 50 years—there is a path there and I thank the Senator for his work. 
Mr. COATS. If I could ask the Sen-
ator from Virginia to yield for a re-
sponse without yielding the floor, and I will yield right back to him. 
I wish to say that the perception of 
the public is that this is a partisan issue. It is not. The Democratic Sen-ator from Virginia has taken a lead in this effort and committed an extraor-dinary amount of effort—only to come up short. 
I have been privileged to work with 
him and a number of Members from the other side of the aisle together with Republicans, and we see the need to work together on this. We have lacked one thing. We have lacked support from the executive branch. Until we have that, I don’t believe we will be able to take serious steps forward in addressing this problem. 
But that is not something that can 
be defined as one party versus another. Most of us on both sides of this aisle 
have recognized the disastrous poten-tial consequences of our not taking ac-tion. I appreciate the tremendous work the Senator from Virginia has done in leading this effort, and I know we both regret that we haven’t achieved suc-cess. 
I thank the Senator, and I yield 
back. 
Mr. WARNER. I thank the Senator 
for his comments. We might agree or disagree on the role the President has played, but that still doesn’t beg the fact that we need to continue our ef-forts in this body and in the body down the hall. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, the 
subject of our debate today is that it is wholly inappropriate that at this mo-ment in time some in Congress are de-ciding that they are going to hold hos-tage Homeland Security funding unless they get 100 percent of what they want. 
I think immigration reform is a ter-
ribly important issue. I was proud to join in one of the broadest, bipartisan votes in the past few years to pass bi-partisan immigration reform. I was dis-appointed when our friends in the House didn’t take up that legislation and pass it. 
Subsequent to that failure to act on 
the part of the House, the President has acted—and I believe there are even folks here watching these proceedings now who are beneficiaries of those Ex-ecutive actions, some of the DREAM-ers. 
Now if this body wants to redebate 
immigration, that is a fair topic, a fair subject. And I, for one, would welcome that full-throated debate again. But it should not—it should not—be tied to a critical part of national homeland se-curity funding. 
The remarkable thing is this is actu-
ally an area where both parties came to agreement on the size of the budget and the program prioritization. There was an agreement. But instead, extra-neous items were added that now some are saying if we don’t get these items we are willing to roll the dice or poten-tially shut down the most essential parts of our government at a time of enormous international and poten-tially domestic challenge. 
All of us, obviously, can come and 
speak about the unspeakable tragedies we saw reported coming out of the Mid-dle East. We see as well challenges that ISIL presents potentially—not just in that region but to the homeland and in terms of trying to encourage home-grown terrorists. The notion there would be Members of this body or any body who would say it is okay to cut off funding to DHS at this moment in time is remarkable. 
The American people—as someone 
who just went through a refreshing re-minder of what they are looking for through my last election process—do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S761 February 4, 2015 
not want us to legislate in this way. 
They want us to get things done. They want us to actually find common 
ground. And on homeland security we have made the hard choices on where the dollars ought to come from and where they ought to be prioritized. 
But if the loudest voices get their 
way and hold this funding hostage, not only would it make our country more vulnerable to terrorist threats but a DHS shutdown would jeopardize our national security by disrupting other important programs, such as grants to train local law enforcement and to pro-tect our communities. And as many as 240,000 people responsible for frontline security—more than 80 percent of DHS employees—will still have to show up to work—they just won’t get paid for it. Many of them in the Commonwealth of Virginia. 
This is a threat to the homeland, it is 
a threat to our law enforcement, it is a threat in terms of our ability to re-spond to crises with FEMA, and there is threat even without those potential tragedies of the normal course of an American citizen as they pass through airports and other venues. Ultimately, for an agency that has been under some strain, these 240,000 people who are working hard to protect our homeland have to provide for their families. 
This is not the way this body should 
operate. I want to commend the major-ity for trying to say we will bring back an open process. But the notion that we will have a repeat of what we saw when we self-inflicted damage upon this whole economy when we shut down the government a few years ago because of an unwillingness of a few to compromise—if that is repeated now around homeland security, it would be a dreadful mistake. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FEDERAL EMPLOYEE 
ANTHONY REGALBUTO 
Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor to continue a tradition that was begun by my esteemed former colleague, the former Senator from Delaware, Ted Kaufman. Senator Kauf-man would come to this floor from time to time to celebrate members of the Federal workforce who exemplify excellence in public service. In that tradition I want to honor a great Fed-eral employee: CAPT Anthony Regalbuto. 
Captain Regalbuto is a constituent of 
mine from Burke, VA. He currently serves as the Chief of the U.S. Coast Guard’s Office of International and Do-mestic Port Security. But, in fact, Cap-tain Regalbuto has spent his entire adult life in service to the Coast Guard, with 31 years on active duty and more than 12 years as a civilian—a total of 43 years of service. In this role he has been responsible for addressing the se-curity weaknesses facing our Nation’s ports. He has also assisted other coun-tries with improving the safety of their own ports. 
More than 90 percent of the imported 
goods of the United States go through our ports. The security risks facing the 
ports are many, and workers such as Captain Regalbuto help ensure they re-main safe and secure from threats. For our Nation’s ports to remain safe, we must ensure our foreign shipping part-ners follow established international port security requirements. So part of Captain Regalbuto’s job is to make sure foreign countries that want to conduct business using U.S. ports ad-here to these requirements. 
Captain Regalbuto has developed a 
solution—a model code that countries could use as a guide to strengthen their own laws to improve the security of their ports. He also oversaw the cre-ation of the Maritime Security Risk Analysis Model. It helps the Coast Guard analyze and address major port security weaknesses by measuring a variety of factors. This risk analysis model has helped the Coast Guard evaluate more than 30,000 potential targets and 100,000 attack scenarios across the country. 
Furthermore, this data has helped to 
efficiently allocate more than $2.7 bil-lion in grants where they can best help improve port security and get the best bang for the taxpayer dollars. 
CAPT Anthony Regalbuto is just one 
of many Federal employees. He also happens to be a Federal employee who would potentially be affected by De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing, which is the current issue on the floor of the Senate. 
One of the challenges, even as we 
move past this particular debate, is to make sure in these tight budget times—going back to the comments of the Senator from Indiana—that we husband our resources. We are going to have to do more with less. One of the things that is terribly important—as someone who has spent more time in business than I have in politics—if you want your workforce to do more, you find ways both psychically, mone-tarily, and through appropriate review to reward them. 
Too often Members come to this floor 
and sometimes tend to demonize our Federal workforce. Too often over the past few years the Federal workforce is the first to receive the cuts in funding. If we are going to make sure our coun-try remains strong, we want to make sure folks such as Captain Regalbuto keep our ports and keep our homeland safe. We need to recognize their service and, by all means, make sure we don’t put in particular the DHS through an-other ill-fated, politically driven gov-ernment shutdown. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
(The remarks of Mr. H
ATCH per-
taining to the introduction of S. J. Res. 6 are printed in today’s R
ECORD  
under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, the 
House of Representatives has voted to fully fund homeland security, as the President has requested. It sent a bill to the Senate that fully funds all the lawful policies and programs in home-land security. The bill will not deny a penny of funding. In fact, it says, spend the money, but on enforcing the laws of the United States. Don’t spend money undermining the laws of the United States. Don’t spend money in violation of the laws of the United States. Don’t spend money in violation of the established policies of Congress, which rejected the President’s ideas that he is now executing. And don’t spend money in violation of the will of the American people who overwhelm-ingly oppose the President’s unlawful Executive amnesty. 
That is what we are talking about 
today, and my colleagues continue to suggest that somehow Republicans are not funding the Homeland Security De-partment. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
Our colleagues have now voted to 
block going to the bill. If they don’t like some of the provisions that came over from the House, well, let’s get on the bill and let’s have some relevant amendments and let’s vote on it. That is what Congress is about. That is the way we are supposed to do business here. 
But our colleagues have gotten 
spoiled. They think they can block anything and turn around and blame the Republicans for it and that some-how everybody is going to agree with them. 
Look, the American people get this. 
The President is not entitled to spend money to implement a system of immi-gration that Congress, representing the American people, rejected. If our Democratic colleagues are unhappy, then, as I said, they can offer amend-ments. 
I feel it would be a stunning event if 
the Senate removes language from a bill that simply restores the separation of powers and prevents the President from overreaching in violating the Constitution. But if they want to bring up amendments that would allow the President to do this activity, let’s do it, let’s bring it up, and let’s vote on it. Perhaps they might win it. But I think it is untenable constitutionally and it is untenable legally, because it is con-trary to the law and the will of the American people. 
My good friend Senator S
CHUMER is 
one of our able Members of this body. He spoke earlier today and he said: The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S762 February 4, 2015 
right wing of the Republican Party is 
risking a DHS—Department of Home-land Security—shutdown to get their way on immigration. They are saying: Take our hard right stance on immi-gration, or we won’t fund national se-curity. 
That is not so, Senator S
CHUMER . 
Give me a break. Come on. You are blocking the bill. The House has voted to fund homeland security. It is on the floor. We need to pass it, and we will give you an opportunity to offer your amendments if you are not happy with it. It is absolutely not so that they are doing that. 
So how is it being reported? Repub-
licans frequently complain they don’t get fair reporting in the press, but let’s look at this: 
U.S. News and World Report, today: 
‘‘Senate Democrats Block Bill Undoing Immigration Actions.’’ That is the headline, ‘‘Undoing Immigration Ac-tions.’’ Those are President Obama’s unlawful actions. So they are defending his actions, not defending homeland se-curity. 
How about this one, USA Today: 
‘‘Democrats again block efforts to de-rail immigration order.’’ The effort would derail the President’s unlawful Executive amnesty—but it funds home-land security, as the article makes clear. 
Fox News: ‘‘Senate Dems nix debate 
on Homeland Security bill, blocking it, in protest over immigration.’’ 
Who is blocking the bill? Politico: ‘‘Democrats filibuster De-
partment of Homeland Security bill.’’ 
That is exactly what is happening. 
The bill has passed the House. It is on the floor. We are trying to bring it up. We are trying to have debate. We are trying to have amendments. And they are blocking the bill—according to Po-litico, no rightwing publication. 
The Washington Post: ‘‘Senate 
Democrats block DHS spending bill targeting Obama’s immigration ac-tions.’’ 
The Atlantic. This is a good one. For 
those of us who have been around here a long time, and I think for reporters who cover it, this is really humorous, to have our Democratic colleagues, having complained for years about what Republicans do. This is the head-line in the Atlantic: ‘‘The New Demo-cratic Obstructionists.’’ 
Here is the headline in the New York 
Times: ‘‘Senate Democrats Block Re-publicans’ Homeland Security Bill.’’ 
So I would say, colleagues, the Amer-
ican people know better. The media knows better. They know who is block-ing this bill. They know that the Con-gress of the United States—that the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate is not required to fund any program it doesn’t like. 
It is absolutely not required, and it 
has a duty not to fund Presidential ex-penditures that are illegal. The Depart-ment of Homeland Security is provided funds to enforce the laws of the United States. The President right now is tak-ing money that was sent to Homeland 
Security to enforce laws and he is re-directing it and moving it over to a building just across the river in Crystal City, hiring 1,000 persons to process ap-plications of people illegally in the country and to provide them the earned-income tax credit, which is a di-rect check from the United States of America, provide them a Social Secu-rity number, the right to participate in Social Security, legal status in the country, the right to work in the coun-try, and participation in Medicare, when the law of the United States says if someone is here unlawfully, they cannot work. So that is what this is all about. 
I just want to push back. I urge my 
colleagues—at least seven of my Demo-cratic colleagues have said they oppose President Obama’s actions. When do they have a clearer chance to confront that action and demonstrate with con-viction that they meant what they said than on this vote? 
It allows the bill to come forward. It 
allows us to have a vote. It allows any-body in the Senate to offer amend-ments that would be relevant to the bill. I feel strongly about that. 
I see the Senator from New York. I 
think she was in line to speak before I was, and I was able to grab a few min-utes. So I would just say this. Col-leagues, please review your position on this. Let’s move to this bill. Let’s fund Homeland Security. Let’s discuss and have amendments and vote on the President’s Executive order, and the one who wins the votes, so be it. That is the way the Congress of the United States works. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
rise to urge my colleagues to do the right thing and pass a bill that would fully fund the Department of Homeland Security, without the politically driv-en riders that are the focus of this de-bate. 
Protecting our country from ter-
rorist attacks should be our top pri-ority in Congress and we should not be playing games with Homeland Security funding. That is the least our constitu-ents expect of us. I know that for many of my colleagues the question of immi-gration is a very contentious one and an important one worthy of debate. We should have that debate without risk-ing the safety of our families by once again putting an immigration bill on the floor of the Senate. 
But this funding bill for such a vi-
tally important part of our national se-curity is simply not the place for an ideological debate. If we fail to pass and fund the Department of Homeland Security, the consequences for our safety could potentially be dev-astating. Take for example the Urban Areas Security Initiative. This is the program that helps our cities pay for things such as surveillance equipment, secure communications systems, train-
ing for law enforcement personnel, all in order to increase our security and prevent terrorism. These grants ensure that all of the places terrorists have targeted and will continue to target are able to effectively prevent those violent acts from happening. 
New York City is my home State. It 
is the No. 1 terror target in the Nation. It relies on the urban security program to keep its millions of residents and tourists safe. It also relies on our Homeland Security network to stop the plans of would-be terrorists. 
Since 9/11, New York City has thwart-
ed at least 16 terrorist attacks, and it has done so because of the constant support the Department of Homeland Security provides. If we cannot pass this bill, the Urban Areas Security Ini-tiative and the extensive network of security systems in New York City would lose their funding, and every vis-itor to an urban area in this country, including right here in Washington, DC, would be less safe. 
If we cannot pass this bill, not only 
would our security suffer, but the in-spectors at our ports would not be paid, our security personnel would not be paid, and our Border Patrol agents would not be paid. If we don’t pass this bill, then we have failed at our most solemn responsibility, to keep the American people safe. 
I urge all my colleagues to please put 
politics aside, vote to pass a bill free of divisive policy riders and fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the rest of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to pass a clean Homeland Security funding bill for fiscal year 2015. This is an issue of national security, and we cannot allow politics to divert attention from our responsibility as Senators. 
The majority in the House sent the 
Senate a bill with five poison pills that they know will prevent the passage of this legislation. Yesterday and again today, my Senate colleagues and I sent a clear message that these politically divisive immigration provisions have no place in this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to dispense with 
any further delays and allow for an up- or-down vote on the bill as originally drafted. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity funding bill—created in the wake of 9/11, as Senator D
URBIN reminded us 
earlier—is not the place to litigate im-migration policy; rather, those issues are appropriately addressed in a com-prehensive immigration bill, and I hope 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S763 February 4, 2015 
the House will draft and vote on that 
type of legislation soon. 
The recent executions of the Japa-
nese and Jordanian hostages by the terrorist group ISIL and the attacks in Paris, Ottawa, and Australia serve as reminders of the very real threat we face. 
Each day we delay in providing ade-
quate, reliable resources to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, we under-mine the Department’s efforts to de-fend the home front. That is why I am calling on my colleagues to take up and pass a clean bill. 
My colleagues on the Appropriations 
Committee Senator S
HAHEEN and Vice 
Chairwoman M IKULSKI have introduced 
a clean DHS funding bill that reflects the bipartisan agreement reached be-tween the House and Senate appropri-ators. This bill funds a wide range of programs that keep Americans safe and secure. 
For example, the clean version of 
this bill funds a host of counterterror-ism, intelligence, and security func-tions; investments in cyber security defense technologies and personnel, in-vestments to detect and protect against biological threats, research and development of nuclear detection tech-nologies, TSA and Coast Guard oper-ations to keep our skies and our waters safe. The clean version also funds $6 billion in disaster funds to help States, localities, businesses, and individuals rebuild after a natural disaster, staff-ing nearly 24,000 Customs and Border Protection officers who ensure legiti-mate travel of individuals who seek to enter the country, and staffing 20,000 Border Patrol agents who protect the 6,000 miles of our land border and 2,000 miles of coastal waters. 
Department of Homeland Security 
Secretary Johnson has been clear that while the Department operates under the current CR, it cannot fund key homeland security initiatives. 
A short-term CR would prevent the 
Department from awarding new dis-aster preparedness grants that support our local emergency responders. It would delay the hiring of more inves-tigators for cases related to human trafficking and smuggling. It would also prevent the Secret Service from training for the next Presidential elec-tion, and the list goes on. 
We cannot expect DHS to do long- 
term strategic planning with short- term funding measures. The Depart-ment needs reliable funding to operate efficiently and effectively. 
The House majority is unfortunately 
playing politics with our homeland se-
curity because the President has taken an action that every President since the 1950s has taken: He has provided commonsense direction to our immi-gration enforcement efforts. 
The President’s Executive actions on 
immigration are fundamentally aimed at keeping families together, making our communities safer, and using our resources efficiently. It is hard to un-derstand how someone could oppose that. The President’s actions will ensure 
that our immigration enforcement ef-forts are used to secure the border, pre-vent threats to national security, and protect public safety. These should be our top priorities, and I support those efforts, but if Members of the House take issue with them, they should draft and adopt immigration reform, just as the Senate did on a bipartisan basis 18 months ago. 
Our path forward is simple: Pass a 
clean funding bill. If my colleagues want to fix our broken immigration system, then let’s take up a bill, but let’s not use this critical funding bill to play partisan politics. 
The dedicated men and women of the 
Department of Homeland Security de-serve better. The American people de-serve better. Let’s put aside politics and let’s pass a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. A LEXANDER per-
taining to the submission of S. Res. 67 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HENRY CLAY 
CENTER FOR STATESMANSHIP AND THE KENTUCKY DIS-TILLERS’ ASSOCIATION 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, last 
night I had the honor of speaking at a bourbon event hosted by the Henry Clay Center for Statesmanship and the Kentucky Distillers’ Association here in Washington, DC. This event was for Kentuckians and by Kentuckians and featured the so-called ‘‘Bourbon Barrel of Compromise’’ that had been deliv-ered from Ashland, the Henry Clay Es-tate in Lexington, KY. I would ask that my remarks at that event last night be entered into the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[Feb. 3, 2015] 
LEADER MCCONNELL ’SREMARKS AT BOURBON  
EVENT  
Thank you, Robert [Clay, co-chairman of 
the Henry Clay Center for Statesmanship]. 
It’s a pleasure to be here to celebrate the 
spirit of Kentucky—literally. Tonight we honor two of Kentucky’s most important gifts to the nation: the drink that is Bourbon whiskey and the revered statesman Henry Clay. I’m glad to be here to talk about both. 
There are a lot of good Henry Clay stories, 
but let me share one of my favorites—a story that demonstrates Clay’s sense of humor and quick wit. 
On one occasion, a long-winded colleague 
of Clay’s, Alexander Smyth of Virginia, was giving a speech. He turned to Clay in mid- speech and said disdainfully, ‘‘You, sir, speak for the present generation; but I speak for 
posterity.’’ 
Without batting an eye, Clay retorted, 
‘‘Yes, and you seem resolved to speak until the arrival of your audience.’’ 
Taking that wisdom to heart, I will be 
brief. 
I want to thank the Henry Clay Center for 
Statesmanship and the Kentucky Distillers’ Association for hosting this grand event— not only tonight’s affair, but shipping a bar-rel of Bourbon whiskey from Henry Clay’s estate in Ashland to Washington, DC, just as the Great Compromiser reportedly often did some two centuries ago. 
The history of Bourbon whiskey and the 
legend of Henry Clay have long been inter-twined. It is said that whenever Clay went to Washington, he carried a barrel with him, to ‘‘lubricate the wheels of government.’’ 
Clay is also credited with writing the first 
historical recipe for the mint julep and in-troducing it to the public in this very hotel. 
He recorded in his diary his own method 
for making the cocktail. Clay called for ‘‘mellow bourbon, aged in oaken barrels’’ and also instructed that ‘‘the mint leaves, fresh and tender, should be pressed against a coin- silver goblet with the back of a silver spoon.’’ 
The historical record also shows that Clay 
used Bourbon as an aid to legislating. One observer from that era recalls witnessing Clay and fellow Senate great John Calhoun sipping whiskey in the Old Senate Chamber. 
Together they would drain their glasses be-
hind the vice president’s chair—and Clay, with good humor, would say to Calhoun, ‘‘Well, Mr. Senator, I will admit that you have had the better of me today; but I’ll be your match tomorrow.’’ 
Legend also holds that Clay’s oratorical 
skills were often enhanced by his consump-tion of Kentucky’s favorite beverage. Some have said that it is the lime in the water used to make Kentucky Bourbon that lends both Bourbon whiskey and Clay’s oratory their special flare. 
Whatever it may be that gives Bourbon 
whiskey its unique taste, Kentucky is proud to be the birthplace of Bourbon. 
The drink itself is named for Bourbon 
County, where the product first emerged. Kentucky produces 95 percent of the world’s Bourbon supply, and Kentucky’s iconic Bour-bon brands ship more than 30 million gallons of the spirit to 126 countries, making Bour-bon the largest export category among all United States distilled spirits. 
Bourbon also gives much back to Ken-
tucky. It is a vital part of the state’s tour-ism and economy. Many a visitor to the Commonwealth has traced the famous Ken-tucky Bourbon Trail. And the industry is re-sponsible for nearly 10,000 jobs in our state. 
And both Bourbon and Clay have one thing 
in common: They excel at bringing people together in a spirit of compromise. 
I’d like to think that this Kentucky spirit 
of compromise lives on in the Senate today. With the new Senate of the 114th Congress, it’s great to see some real debate on the floor of the Senate once again. 
It’s been great to see both sides able to 
offer amendments once more. 
I know many of the Democratic Senators 
are glad to be able to give more of a voice to their constituents too. I believe they wel-come our vision of a Senate where we’re doing some real legislating. 
A more open Senate presents more oppor-
tunities for legislators with serious ideas to make a mark on the legislative process. It can give members of both parties a real stake in the outcome. And it helps lead, I hope, to greater bipartisan accomplishments down the road. 
Just because we have a Republican Con-
gress and a Democrat in the White House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S764 February 4, 2015 
doesn’t mean we can’t deliver for the Amer-
ican people. On the contrary—divided gov-ernment has frequently been a time to get big things done. That’s something Henry Clay would have well understood and appre-ciated. 
Because principled compromise across 
party lines was very familiar to Henry Clay. 
Three times in the early years of the 
American Republic, the split between North and South threatened to tear the country apart. And three times before the Civil War finally began, Henry Clay kept the nation to-gether, through compromise and negotia-tion. 
Were it not for his leadership, America as 
we know it may not exist today. 
The Henry Clay Center for Statesmanship 
rightly keeps his spirit of compromise alive today through its education programs for high school and college students. The Center teaches Kentucky’s future leaders about Henry Clay and the art of meaningful dia-logue and discourse. 
It makes me proud as a Kentuckian to see 
Henry Clay’s legacy live on, whether it is through the Clay Center, through the U.S. Senate, or through all of us here today. 
It makes me proud as a Kentuckian to see 
the imprint the Bluegrass State has made on the history of this country. Not only Clay, but famous Kentuckians like Abraham Lin-coln. John Sherman Cooper. Alben Barkley. And the recently departed Wendell Ford. 
And it makes me proud as a Kentuckian to 
see how many other Kentucky traditions have made a lasting imprint on our country. Not least of which is the Run for the Roses on the first Saturday of every May. 
So thank you for allowing me to be here 
tonight. And thank you for taking the spirit of Kentucky with you wherever you go. 
Good night. 
f 
LESSONS FROM THE EBOLA 
EPIDEMIC 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, not long 
ago Liberia, Sierra Leone, and Guinea, the World Health Organization, WHO, and the United Nations, and the United States, Great Britain, France, and other countries were frantically trying to bring the Ebola crisis in West Africa under control. 
Thousands of people died due to a dis-
astrous failure by WHO’s Africa re-gional representative, serious mis-calculations by local officials and glob-al health experts, and a myriad of other problems ranging from weak local health systems that were quickly overwhelmed to a lack of accurate in-formation and cultural practices that helped spread the disease rather than contain it. 
But in the past few weeks there has 
been some good news about progress in stopping Ebola. According to WHO, Li-beria, Sierra Leone, and Guinea re-corded their lowest weekly numbers of new cases in months. The United Na-tions special envoy on Ebola stated that the epidemic appears to be slow-ing down, and the Government of Libe-ria has set a target of zero new Ebola cases by the end of February. 
It is heartening to see that the hard 
work by Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea, and the international community are bringing results. But we are not out of the woods yet and there are important lessons to be learned from the mistakes and lost opportunities in the early re-
sponse to this disease outbreak. 
Ebola pushed governments, inter-
national organizations, and the private sector and health care responders into unknown territory, forcing everyone to think and act in new ways. Unfortu-nately, with the exception of the non-governmental organization Doctors Without Borders, we were all too slow to recognize this. The initial response missed key opportunities to prevent the crisis from becoming an epidemic, and as a result thousands of people died who might have avoided infection. The symptoms of the initial victims were not recognized as Ebola, signs that the epidemic was spreading rather than re-ceding, as some believed, were mis-interpreted, and governments and international organizations did not ef-fectively communicate or coordinate with local communities impacted by the virus, nor were the necessary re-sources to combat the disease available in-country early enough. 
As work was done to overcome these 
missteps and challenges, the epidemic spread further across borders, as did rumors, and fear increased, people in the affected areas became increasingly distrustful of those who were trying to help, and already scarce health care workers became harder to recruit. 
The consequences of not containing 
the disease in the early stages have been catastrophic. As of January 28, WHO estimates that 8,795 people have died from the Ebola virus, and accord-ing to UNICEF’s preliminary esti-mates, as of December 29 at least 3,700 children in Guinea, Liberia, and Sierra Leone have lost one or both parents to the disease. The children of those coun-tries have not attended school since mid-2014. While Guinea reopened their schools in mid-January, attendance has remained low. Liberia is preparing to reopen schools in mid-February, and Sierra Leone hopes to reopen its schools by the end of March. 
Unemployment and business closures 
have increased, cross-border trade has plummeted, and there are concerns that food shortages and malnutrition will increase because food stock that would normally be kept for next year is already being eaten. 
According to the World Bank’s De-
cember estimates, the growth in GDP in 2014 for Liberia and Sierra Leone fell by over 60 percent in each country and Guinea’s GDP growth in 2014 is down by 89 percent. 
Much of our investments in the re-
building of Liberia and Sierra Leone since the civil wars there have been ob-literated by Ebola. These countries are back at square one. 
The world’s initial response to the 
Ebola crisis illustrates how unprepared we are for future global health crises which may be far more devastating and fast spreading than Ebola, if that is possible to imagine. 
How can we avoid repeating our mis-
takes? Are we going to provide our own government agencies such as the Cen-ters for Disease Control and Prevention 
and the U.S. Agency for International Development and international organi-zations such as WHO the resources they need? Can we count on them to take the steps to ensure that the right peo-ple are in the right places with the au-thority to make the necessary deci-sions in a timely manner? 
Too often it seems that we have to 
relearn the same lessons each time for different situations and countries. There are already reports, including a January 19 article in the Washington Post that describes newly built Ebola response centers, paid for by the United States Government, that stand empty or have closed because the num-ber of new Ebola cases has dropped sharply. It is far better to be prepared than unprepared, but we need to reas-sess the situation and be sure that we are adjusting our response appro-priately. 
The fiscal year 2015 Consolidated Ap-
propriations Act includes $2.5 billion for the Department of State and USAID response to the Ebola crisis. As ranking member of the appropriations subcommittee that funds those agen-cies, I hope they will ensure that we use these funds to avoid past mistakes, by improving flexibility to respond to the crisis as it changes, relying less on international nongovernmental organi-zations and foreign contractors, and in-creasing support for building local pub-lic health capacity and a sustainable and resilient private sector, increasing awareness and sensitivity to cultural norms of those impacted by the crisis, and improving communication and co-ordination among local communities, local and national governments, and the international community. These are not new ideas but they emerge time and again. 
Finally, we need to be far better pre-
pared for protecting American citizens from contagious diseases that can spread like wildfire from a single health care worker or other infected individual who returns from an af-fected country. Fortunately, only one death from Ebola occurred in the U.S., but it could have been far worse. 
Now is the time to reassess how we 
should respond domestically and inter-nationally to regional epidemics and prepare accordingly. We cannot afford to waste time and resources making the same mistakes and relearning old lessons. 
f 
A RETURN TO DEMOCRACY IN SRI 
LANKA 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for hun-
dreds of millions of people around the globe, including in countries whose governments are allies of the United States, democracy and human rights are aspirations that seem beyond reach. According to a recent report by Freedom House, the state of freedom in the world declined in almost every re-gion over the past year. But while we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S765 February 4, 2015 
should be deeply concerned by this dis-
couraging trend, we should also recog-nize where progress is being made. 
On January 8, the people of Sri 
Lanka stunned a repressive govern-ment that had been rapidly central-izing power and dismantling demo-cratic institutions. President Mahinda Rajapaksa, who sensed his increasing unpopularity, called a snap election 2 years early hoping to take advantage of his fragmented opposition. However, to his surprise and the surprise of many observers, a broad coalition of Sri Lankans voted to oust his adminis-tration and to chart a new course. Rather than balk at forfeiting the chance for an unprecedented third term, President Rajapaksa, under pres-sure from the international commu-nity, stepped down within hours of the election results being published. 
This was welcome news. After suf-
fering decades of on-and-off conflict that is estimated to have cost as many as 100,000 lives, only to have the vio-lence replaced by increasing repression and political and ethnic polarization, the peaceful transfer of power has helped breathe life into the hopes of Sri Lankans for reconciliation and a better future. For that hope to become reality, newly elected President Maithripala Sirisena will need to gain the trust of all Sri Lankans, regardless of their ethnicity or political views. In too many countries democracy has been treated as an election rather than a way of governing, but for it to suc-ceed all citizens must have the ability to participate meaningfully. As Presi-dent Sirisena stated in his inaugural address, what Sri Lanka needs ‘‘is not a King, but a real human being’’. 
Of course, democracy alone will not 
heal Sri Lankan society. No one knows this better than those who lost family, friends, and loved ones in the war with the LTTE, or Tamil Tigers. In the final months of that war, many thousands of civilians died, mostly as a result of shelling by the Sri Lankan military of civilians who had been uprooted by the fighting. The United Nations, the United States, other governments and human rights organizations have long called for thorough, independent inves-tigations and punishment of those re-sponsible for war crimes and crimes against humanity. 
While President Sirisena has pledged 
to launch a domestic inquiry into al-leged war crimes, I agree with those who insist that nothing less than an international investigation, as called for by the U.N. Human Rights Council, will likely suffice to overcome the sus-picion and distrust concerning this issue. It would be far better if the gov-ernment seeks the assistance of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights in developing a credible plan for inves-tigating violations of human rights by both sides in the conflict, and holding those responsible accountable. 
I am encouraged that President 
Sirisena has pledged to return the country to a parliamentary democracy with independent police and judicial 
institutions, and inclusive governance. He has also committed to taking steps to address the cases of those detained under the Prevention of Terrorism Act, PTA, many of whom are political pris-oners like Jeyakumari Balendran. The reviews should be carried out expedi-tiously. While the release of 572 pris-oners at the time of Pope Francis’s visit on January 14 was a positive step, it is the cases of political prisoners de-tained under the PTA that will dem-onstrate the Sirisena government’s commitment to reconciliation. The sooner innocent victims of the Rajapaksa government’s repression are freed, the faster Sri Lanka will be able to recover. 
Over the years I have spoken in this 
Chamber in support of independent in-vestigations of war crimes and justice and reconciliation in Sri Lanka. I have met the relatives of victims of the war. President Sirisena’s election offers the chance for all Sri Lankans to finally recover from that tragic period by re-building their country in a spirit of tol-erance, respect, and common purpose. 
f 
FIXING NO CHILD LEFT BEHIND: 
INNOVATION TO BETTER MEET THE NEEDS OF STUDENTS 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that a copy of my remarks at the Senate Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions Committee hearing yesterday be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FIXING NOCHILD LEFTBEHIND : INNOVATION  
TOBETTER MEET THE NEEDS OF STUDENTS  
This is the 27th hearing in the last six 
years about fixing No Child Left Behind or a related elementary and secondary education issue. I hope we are not far from a conclu-sion—from moving from hearings and discus-sions to marking up a bill. From the begin-ning of our work on No Child Left Behind, we concluded it would be better, rather than start from scratch on a new Elementary and Secondary Education Act, to identify the problems in the law and try to fix them. Generally speaking, we agree on the prob-lems, and on several solutions we are not far from reaching consensus. We still have some work to do on accountability. And by ac-countability, I mean goals, standards, an-nual tests, disaggregated reporting of test results, and defining success or failure for teachers and schools as well as the con-sequences of that success or failure. On some of these things, we pretty much agree, like the need for a new goal. On other things, we still have some work to do, like whether or not to keep the 17 annual federal standard-ized tests. 
This morning we are holding a roundtable 
discussion on ‘‘Fixing No Child Left Behind: Innovation to Better Meet the Needs of Stu-dents.’’ We aim for this to be different than a hearing. Senator Murray and I will each have a short opening statement and then we will introduce our roundtable of partici-pants. Then we’re going to jump right into the conversation, posing two questions to help guide the discussion. 
First, what is your state, district, or 
school doing to implement innovative ap-proaches to improve academic outcomes for 
students, particularly low-income and at- risk students? Second, how can we improve the federal law to encourage more states, districts, and schools to innovate? 
And when I say law, I should also draw at-
tention to the regulations that have followed these laws. For example, every state has to submit a plan to the federal government to receive its share of the $14.5 billion Title I program distributed to states for low-income children. That’s about $1,300 for every child who lives at or below the federal poverty line. Those Title I applications are reviewed by the Department of Education, as well as by outside experts, before you can spend a dime of that money. In addition, 42 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico are operating under waivers from the out-of-date and unworkable regulations in No Child Left Behind. To receive those waivers, states have to submit waiver applications. In Tennessee, that waiver application was 91 pages long with more than 170 pages of attachments. Since 2012, the state has had to submit eight different updates or amendments to the plan. 
In addition to all this, the U.S. Depart-
ment of Education spends another $9–10 bil-lion or so on about 90 different programs that are either authorized or funded under No Child Left Behind, with separate applica-tion and program requirements. These pro-grams include Promise Neighborhoods and 
Investing in Innovation. 
So are we spending this money in a way 
that makes it easier or harder for you to in-novate and achieve better academic out-comes? 
My own view is that the government ought 
to be an enabler and encourager, rather than a mandater, of innovation. It can do this well. For example, last year Congress over-whelmingly supported reauthorizing the Child Care and Development Block Grant program that gives grants to states that allow parents to receive a voucher for the child care of their choice so they can attend school or go to work. 
Seven decades ago the G.I. Bill enabled 
World War II veterans to attend a college of their choice, helping them become the great-est generation. Today, half our college stu-dents have federal grants or loans that fol-low them to the colleges of their choice, ena-bling them to buy the surest ticket to a bet-ter life and job. About 98 percent of the fed-eral dollars that go to higher education fol-low the student to the school they attend. In K–12, the only money that follows students to the school they attend is the school lunch program. 
Now, I’ll turn to Ranking Member Murray 
for her opening statement and then we’ll get the conversation going. 
f 
SCHOOL CHOICE 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that a copy of my remarks at the Brookings Institu-tion earlier today be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SCHOOL CHOICE  
I am delighted to be here, but I should 
warn you: Based on my track record, I’m probably not your most reliable observer on school choice. 
If I take you back to September 1992, I 
gave a speech at Ashland University in Ohio, and I predicted that by the year 2000 ‘‘school choice will not be an issue.’’ 
I suggested that an Ashland student writ-
ing a thesis in 2000 ought to make the sub-ject parental choice of schools, because by then, I said, ‘‘It will be a matter of history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S766 February 4, 2015 
‘‘Your colleagues will wonder along with 
you as you examine this strange era when we granted government monopolies control of the most valuable and important enterprises in town, and so many people fought furiously to keep doors to many of the best schools closed to poor children. 
‘‘They will ask, how could this have ever 
happened in America, at a time when the ideas of freedom, choice and opportunity were sweeping the rest of the world?’’ 
My prediction might not have been right, 
but not because we didn’t try. 
In 1984, I gave a speech at the University of 
the South outlining the ‘‘deep ruts’’ into which American K–12 education had fallen. One of those was the lack of school choice for parents. 
In 1985, the National Governors Associa-
tion (NGA) embarked on a project called ‘‘Time for Results.’’ We divided into seven task forces, each chaired by a governor, to ask seven of the toughest questions you could ask about American education. One of those questions was, ‘‘Why not let parents choose the schools their children attend?’’ The task force working on that question was chaired by the Democratic governor of Colo-rado, Richard Lamm, who said then, ‘‘You know, it is interesting that America is a land of choices. We have 100 breakfast cere-als to choose from, 200 different makes of cars. But in this one educational area . . . we have not done a lot in choice.’’ 
Then in 1992, President Bush proposed his 
‘‘GI Bill for Children,’’ which was a plan to allow states and cities to give $1,000 annual scholarships in new federal dollars to each child of a middle- and low-income family in a participating state or locality. 
Families could spend the scholarships at 
any lawfully operated school—public, private or religious. 
And up to half of the scholarship could be 
spent on other academic programs, like a Saturday math tutoring program or a sum-mer accelerated language course. 
That year, the Carnegie Foundation had 
reported that 28 percent of our nation’s par-ents would like to send their child to a dif-ferent school. 
Today, that number is even higher—it is, 
in fact, more than twice as high. A recent 2013 Luntz Global study found that 64 per-cent of parents said that ‘‘if given the finan-cial opportunity,’’ they would send one or all of their children to a different school. 
The last 23 years have seen some positive 
changes in the ability of parents to choose their children’s schools. 
Today all 50 states and Washington, D.C. 
offer to some students alternatives to the school they would normally be assigned based on their residence. 
Approximately 15 percent of school-age 
children attend a school other than their school of residence through open-enrollment programs. 
Policies in 42 states allow some, or all, par-
ents to send their children to public schools outside their districts. 
Of those 42 states—15 states require dis-
tricts to participate, 23 allow them to par-ticipate, and three require it specifically for low-income students and students in failing schools. 
In 31 states, parents are allowed to choose 
among schools within their district. 
Of those 31 states—16 states require dis-
tricts to participate, 10 allow them to par-ticipate, and 6 require it for low-income stu-dents or students in failing schools 6 states. 
More than 2.5 million—or nearly five per-
cent of all public school children—are en-rolled in more than 6,000 public charter schools in 42 states and D.C. Typically par-ents choose to enroll their children in these schools. In addition, today more than 300,000 chil-
dren are served by 41 private school choice programs across 19 states, D.C., and Douglas County, Colorado. These programs often give students who meet certain criteria—usually based on income, special needs, or academic performance—an opportunity for a voucher, tax credit program, or education savings ac-count to allow them to attend private schools. 
Also, the option for homeschooling is 
available in all states and parents of about three percent of school-age children choose to homeschool. 
Allowing students to choose among schools 
is not a new idea for the federal government. 
Allowing federal dollars to follow students 
has been a successful strategy in American education for 70 years. 
In 1944, the G.I. Bill allowed veterans to 
choose among colleges, public or private. 
Today, about $136 billion in federal grants 
and loans continue to follow students to the college or university of their choice. 
Just last year, Congress reauthorized the 
$2.4 billion Child Care and Development Block Grant program, or CCDBG, which, when combined with other federal and state funding, helps approximately 900,000 families pay for child care of their choice while they work or attend school, mostly through vouchers. 
These are among the most successful and 
popular federal programs—why is it so hard to apply the same sorts of choices to elemen-tary and secondary schools? 
What can the federal government do now 
to expand the opportunity parents have to choose the most appropriate school for their children? 
The first is Scholarships for Kids. This is a 
bill I introduced that would use $24 billion of the federal dollars we spend each year on K– 12 education and allow states to create $2,100 scholarships to follow 11 million low-income children to any public or private school of their parents’ choice. 
Also, the discussion draft I’ve just released 
to fix No Child Left Behind gives states the option of using $14.5 billion in Title I money to follow 11 million low income children to the public school they attend. 
Most people agree that Title I money, 
which is supposed to help low-income kids, gets diverted to different schools because of a formula that targets money to districts based on how much states spend per student. That is largely influenced by teacher sala-ries. 
The simplest way to solve that problem is 
to let that money follow the child to the school they attend. You could do that to just public schools, which has been the tradition with Title I money, or to private schools, which is what I would prefer. 
The second is the CHOICE Act. This is a 
proposal by Senator Tim Scott to allow about $11 billion the federal government now spends for children with disabilities to follow those six million children to the schools their parents believe provide the best serv-ices. 
I think it’s important to note that these 
bills do not require states to do anything— instead they give them the option to have money follow the child. 
The third is the DC Opportunity Scholar-
ship Program. Senator Scott’s CHOICE Act would also expand the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program that began in 2004 and has provided about 6,000 low-income students in Washington, D.C. with the opportunity to receive a scholarship to attend a private school of their parents’ choice. Today, far more parents in the city have applied for the scholarships than have received them. 
The fourth is expanding charter schools. In 
my final year as education secretary under President George H. W. Bush, I wrote every 
school superintendent in America asking them to try this new idea from Minnesota called ‘‘start-from-scratch schools.’’ At the time there were only twelve of them. They were the first charter schools. Today there are more than 6,000. 
Charter schools have had strong bipartisan 
support—including from President Clinton and Secretary Duncan. 
We’ve got in our discussion draft provi-
sions that would streamline and update the existing Charter Schools Program to: 
Provide grants to State entities to start 
new charter schools and to replicate or ex-pand high-quality charter schools. 
Provide grants to entities to enhance cred-
it methods to finance charter school facili-ties. 
Provide grants to charter management or-
ganizations, like KIPP or Rocketship in my home state of Tennessee, to replicate or ex-pand high-quality charter schools. 
Our goal is to grow the federal investment 
in expanding and replicating high-quality charter schools with a demonstrated record of success, and hold charter schools account-able for their performance. 
Other senators also have some good pro-
posals. Senators Paul and Lee both have bills to allow federal dollars from Title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act to follow low-income children to the public or private school of their parents’ choice. Sen-ator Rubio has a bill that creates a new fed-eral tax credit for individual and corporate donations to organizations that provide low- income students with private school scholar-ships. 
As for the future, I think I’ve learned my 
lesson—I’m not about to make a prediction. 
It looks like it will be a while before 
school choice will be a matter of history. 
But the progress so many have made is im-
pressive—there is plenty of opportunity to do more. 
As Ross Perot told me in 1984, ‘‘Changing 
the public schools of Texas was the hardest, meanest, bloodiest thing I’ve ever tried to do.’’ 
Since I’m not going to make a prediction 
then I’ll end with a question—the same one I asked in 1992: If we trust parents to choose child care for their children, and we trust them to help their children choose a college to attend—and both those systems have been so successful—why do we not also trust them to choose the best elementary or high school for their children? 
f 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES 
NAVY SPECIAL WARFARE OPERATOR FIRST  
CLASS WILLIAM MARSTON  
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor the life of William ‘‘Blake’’ Marston, a Navy SEAL from New Hampshire who was tragically killed in the line of duty. 
Blake Marston was an extraordinary 
man who served our Nation with honor, courage, and commitment. His decision to become a Navy SEAL and take risks in training and combat missions alike speaks to his love of country and his dedication to serving his fellow Ameri-cans. His ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty leaves all New Hampshire citi-zens in Blake’s debt. 
Blake grew up in Bedford, NH, where 
he excelled as a student athlete and was known by his coaches for being a hard worker and dedicated team mem-ber. He loved baseball and was an al-pine ski racer. It is clear that Blake 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S767 February 4, 2015 
was special from an early age. From 
his involvement in the church youth group, to his mentorship of young ath-letes, Blake was devoted to helping others. 
At Stonehill College, Blake majored 
in criminal justice and studio arts, and it was during his senior year that he decided that he wanted to become a Navy SEAL—a member of the most elite special forces unit. Blake’s athleticism, leadership, and determina-tion provided him with the physical and mental toughness he needed to en-dure one of the most grueling training experiences in the world in order to be-come a SEAL. And he succeeded. 
Blake’s service to our Nation in-
cluded two tours of duty in Afghani-stan. He never let up on his desire to improve and be the best SEAL he could be. Just as he put in the time in his backyard with his dad honing his base-ball skills, he also worked tirelessly at being the best that he could be as a de-fender of our country. 
Blake died training to conduct the 
kinds of missions that keep Americans safe. We owe our freedom and security to Blake and the men and women like him in our armed services. 
During the Celebration of Life serv-
ice held in Blake’s honor, his family, friends, and classmates described a young man who was kind, compas-sionate, thoughtful, and funny—a gentle giant, yet also a highly trained, elite warrior. In describing his devo-tion to his fellow SEALs, Blake once remarked to his father, ‘‘You know, Dad, I can’t possibly imagine being in any other profession where I have such respect and love for my teammates.’’ 
Blake will be laid to rest in Arling-
ton National Cemetery, a hero sur-rounded by his brothers in arms. 
My thoughts and prayers are with 
Blake’s parents Nancy and Bill, and sister Emily, who have lost a loving son and brother. May God bless Blake and his family. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING MASTER 
SERGEANT JAMES WILLIAM HOLT 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, this 
Saturday, February 7, 2015, members of the Hempstead County community will gather for a memorial service for MSG James William Holt of Hope, AR, who was killed in action in Vietnam in 1968. 
The service will take place on the 
47th anniversary of Master Sergeant Holt’s heroic actions and will coincide with the return of his remains for prop-er burial. 
In the early morning hours of Feb-
ruary 7, 1968, the North Vietnamese Army launched a massive, coordinated tank and infantry assault on the Spe-cial Forces Camp at Lang Vei that cre-ated numerous casualties among the troops defending the base. 
As a Special Forces medic, Master 
Sergeant Holt raced around the com-pound, while under heavy fire, to ad-
minister aid to the wounded and move them to safety. His valiant actions dur-ing the assault did not end there. 
While not a weapons specialist, Mas-
ter Sergeant Holt nonetheless was a professional Special Operations soldier who knew how to fire every weapon in that camp accurately and effectively. He was also a decisive leader who took charge of a silent 106 mm recoilless rifle and brought it to life, destroying three enemy tanks before running out of ammunition. 
Master Sergeant Holt then supplied 
himself with light anti-tank weapons and charged into the face of the enemy, single-handedly attacking the tank formation, and allowing time for his brothers-in-arms to fight their way to safety. When two enemy tanks broke through the perimeter, Master Ser-geant Holt delivered deadly fire on them, scoring a direct hit on one of the armored vehicles. 
The Battle of Lang Vei was a short, 
but costly battle that could have even worse for American forces if it were not for Master Sergeant Holt’s heroics. For his acts of bravery, Master Ser-geant Holt was posthumously awarded the Silver Star for gallantry in action and the Purple Heart. 
I was at the ceremony in 2013 when 
Master Sergeant Holt was post-humously inducted into the Arkansas Military Veterans Hall of Fame and I wish I could be onhand when the com-munity honors him this weekend. These tributes will help ensure Master Sergeant Holt’s remarkable story of bravery and selfless sacrifice forever lives on. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SERGEANT JUSTIN 
MAHANA 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Sgt Justin Mahana for his courageous act to help others. After driving from Las Vegas to Lake Havasu, AZ, to help a coworker whose car had broken down, Sergeant Mahana stopped at a gas station to check that his own car was ready for the trip back to Nevada. While there, Sergeant Mahana witnessed a car crash into a median, leading him to investigate the accident and pull the driver out of the car as it lit into flames. It gives me great pleasure to recognize his bravery and his commitment to others both in this moment and throughout his life. 
Sergeant Mahana, a 17-year veteran, 
joined the U.S. Air Force because he wanted to make a difference in the lives of others. His job entails the maintenance and upkeep of military vehicles that are used by pararescuemen when conducting com-bat search and rescue missions, as well as humanitarian relief operations. Both his commitment to the Air Force, as well as his daily actions, prove his regard for others. 
I extend my deepest gratitude to Ser-
geant Mahana for his courageous con-tributions to the United States of America and to freedom-loving nations 
around the world. His service to his country and his bravery earn him a place among the outstanding men and women who have valiantly defended our Nation. 
His commitment to helping those 
around him, as well as serving the country, demonstrates his unwavering selfless character. His actions rep-resent only the greatest of Nevada’s values, including a sense of community and an obligation to help others. 
As a member of the Senate Veterans’ 
Affairs Committee, I recognize that Congress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals who serve our Nation, but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. I remain committed to uphold-ing this promise for our veterans and servicemembers in Nevada and throughout the Nation. 
During his tenure, Sergeant Mahana 
has demonstrated professionalism, commitment to excellence, and dedica-tion to the highest standards of the Air Force. I am both humbled and honored by his service and am proud to call him a fellow Nevadan. Today, I ask my col-leagues to join me in recognizing Sgt. Justin Mahana for all of his accom-plishments and wish him well in all of his future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING DAVID LEE 
THOMAS, SR. 
∑Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to pay tribute to David Lee Thomas, Sr. of Mobile, AL, who passed away on January 22, 2015. He and I were friends for many years. I first got to know him when I was a young Assist-ant U.S. attorney in Mobile and he was already a proven and respected Federal law officer. He had been hired as the first African-American investigator in the southeast region, with the office of inspector general, U.S. Department of Agriculture. He was investigating fraud by stores and businesses that were buying food stamps for cash or carrying on other unlawful activities. One of the highlights of his career with the OIG was receiving a letter from President Ronald Reagan for solving a fraud case which saved the U.S. Gov-ernment $10 million. During that time, we worked a number of cases together. Several went to trial, and he taught me a great deal about law, trials, and how fraud and abuse occur. 
David retired from the OIG in 1990, 
but that retirement lasted all of 6 months. He began working at the Mo-bile Drug Coalition, and from there he began the second most rewarding ca-reer when he became the assistant di-rector of the Mobile County Commu-nity Corrections Center. In that role, he established the Court Police Depart-ment and helped develop the Mobile County Drug Court Program, which was the first of its kind in Alabama. 
David loved his community and was 
involved in many organizations to make Mobile a better place to live. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S768 February 4, 2015 
was also very active in his church. He 
was a great law enforcement officer, citizen, friend, and devoted father and grandfather. This Nation has many ex-cellent Federal employees and officials. David was one of the best. His record speaks for itself. I extend my sympathy to his friends and family. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION 
OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS DECLARED IN EXECU-TIVE ORDER 13396 ON FEBRUARY 7, 2006, WITH RESPECT TO THE SITUATION IN OR IN RELATION TO CO ˆTE D’IVOIRE—PM 4 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency, unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13396 of February 7, 2006, with re-spect to the situation in or in relation to Coˆte d’Ivoire is to continue in effect 
beyond February 7, 2015. 
The Government of Co ˆte d’Ivoire and 
its people continue to make significant progress in promotion of democratic, social, and economic development. The United States also supports the ad-vancement of impartial justice in Co ˆte 
d’Ivoire as well as the Government of Coˆte d’Ivoire’s efforts to prepare for a 
peaceful, fair, and transparent presi-dential election in 2015, which will be an important milestone in Co ˆte 
d’Ivoire’s progress. We urge all sides to work for the benefit of the country as a whole by rejecting violence and par-ticipating in the electoral process. While the Government of Co ˆte 
d’Ivoire and its people continue to make progress toward peace and pros-perity, the situation in or in relation to Co ˆte d’Ivoire continues to pose an 
unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign pol-icy of the United States. For these rea-sons, I have determined that it is nec-essary to continue the national emer-gency and related measures blocking the property of certain persons contrib-uting to the conflict in Co ˆte d’Ivoire. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , February 4, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:16 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 596. An act to repeal the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 159. An act to stop exploitation 
through trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 181. An act to provide justice for the 
victims of trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 285. An act to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a penalty for know-ingly selling advertising that offers certain commercial sex acts; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 515. An act to protect children from 
exploitation, especially sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of in-tended travel by registered child-sex offend-ers outside the United States to the govern-ment of the country of destination, request-ing foreign governments to notify the United States when a known child-sex offender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
H.R. 596. An act to repeal the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–505. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Forest Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Use By Over-Snow Vehicles (Travel Management Rule)’’ (RIN0596–AD17) received 
in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–506. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Irish Potatoes Grown in Colorado; Relaxation of the Handling Regulation for Area No. 3’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–14–0092; FV14–948–1 IR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–507. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Marketing Order Regulating the Handling of Spearmint Oil Produced in the Far West; Revision of the Salable Quantity and Allotment Percentage for Class 3 (Na-tive) Spearmint Oil for the 2014–2015 Mar-keting Year’’ (Docket No. AMS–FV–13–0087; FV14–985–1B IR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–508. A communication from the Asso-
ciate Administrator of the Fruit and Vege-table Programs, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Oranges and Grapefruit Grown in Lower Rio Grande Valley in Texas; De-creased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS– FV–14–0054; FV14–906–3 FIR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 2, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–509. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Poly(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl), a-(3- carboxy-1-oxosulfopropyl)-w-hydroxy-, (C10- C16) - alkyl ethers, disodium salts; Exemp-tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9920–44) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–510. A communication from the Board 
Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Agency’s proposed fiscal year 2016 budget; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–511. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Commuted Traveltime; Correction’’ (Docket No. APHIS– 2004–0108) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 3, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–512. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Two Hybrids of Unshu Orange From the Republic of Korea Into the Continental United States’’ ((RIN0579–AD87) (Docket No. APHIS–2013–0085)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–513. A communication from the Chair 
of the Military Compensation and Retire-ment Modernization Commission, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, reports entitled ‘‘Re-port of the Military Compensation and Re-tirement Modernization Commission: Legis-lative Proposals,’’ ‘‘Report of the Military 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S769 February 4, 2015 
Compensation and Retirement Moderniza-
tion Commission: Interim Report,’’ and Re-port of the Military Compensation and Re-tirement Modernization Commission: Final Report’’; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–514. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–515. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of major general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–516. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13441 with respect to Leb-anon; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–517. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2014–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 3, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–518. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2014–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–519. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Libya that was originally declared in Execu-tive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–520. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13348 of July 22, 2004, rel-ative to the former Liberian regime of Charles Taylor; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–521. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to transnational criminal organizations that was declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–522. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2014–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 28, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–523. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Secretary for Export Administra-tion, Bureau of Industry and Security, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘U.S.-India Bilateral Understanding: Addi-tional Revisions to the U.S. Export and Re-export Controls Under the Export Adminis-
tration Regulations’’ (RIN0694–AF72) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 28, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-
fairs. 
EC–524. A communication from the Con-
gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Brucellosis Class Free States Certified Brucellosis-Free Herds; Revisions to Testing and Certification Requirements’’ ((RIN0579–AD22) (Docket No. APHIS–2009–0083)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 3, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–525. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Technical Amend-ments: Transfer of Office Functions’’ (RIN1992–AA47) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–526. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Automatic Ice Makers’’ ((RIN1904–AC39) (Docket No. EERE–2010–BT– STD–0037)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–527. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for General Service Fluorescent Lamps and Incandescent Reflector Lamps’’ ((RIN1904–AC39) (Docket No. EERE–2011–BT– STD–0006)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 30, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
EC–528. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Significant New Use Rules on Certain Chemical Substances’’ ((RIN2070–AB27) (FRL No. 9919–68)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–529. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants for Polyvinyl Chloride and Copolymers Production Area Sources Wastewater Limit Withdrawal’’ ((RIN2060– AS45) (FRL No. 9921–80–OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 2, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–530. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants; Idaho and Oregon: Negative Declara-tions’’ (FRL No. 9922–34–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–531. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; New Mexico; Albuquerque/Bernalillo County; Revisions to Emissions Inventory Requirements, and Gen-eral Provisions’’ (FRL No. 9922–25–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–532. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘North Atlantic Coast Comprehensive Study: Resilient Adaptation to Increasing Risk’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–533. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0626)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–534. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; ATR–GIE Avions de Trans-port Regional Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0530)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–535. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0526)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–536. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0582)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–537. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (Pre-viously Eurocopter France)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–1058)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–538. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (20); Amdt. No. 3619’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–539. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S770 February 4, 2015 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to 
law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (75); Amdt. No. 3621’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–540. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (19); Amdt. No. 3620’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–541. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (108); Amdt. No. 3622’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–542. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Aviation Training Device Credit for Pilot Certifi-cation; Withdrawal’’ (RIN2120–AK62) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–543. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Management Systems for Domestic, Flag, and Supplemental Operations Certificate Holders’’ (RIN2120–AJ86) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–544. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion’s Office of Inspector General’s Semi-annual Report to Congress and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation Management’s Response for the period from April 1, 2014, through September 30, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–545. A communication from the Chief 
Financial Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Home-land Security Annual Performance Report for Fiscal Years 2014–2016’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–546. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–590, ‘‘Education Licensure 
Commission Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–547. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–591, ‘‘Wage Theft Prevention Correction and Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–548. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report 
on D.C. Act 20–589, ‘‘Early Learning Quality Improvement Network Temporary Amend-ment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–549. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Government Ethics, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Annual Perform-ance Plan for the Office of Government Eth-ics for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–550. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–80; Small Entity Compliance Guide’’ (FAC 2005–80) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 3, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–551. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Technical Amendments’’ (FAC 2005–80) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 3, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–552. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Ending Trafficking in Persons’’ ((RIN9000–AM55) (FAC 2005–80)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 3, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–553. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Management and Oversight of the Acquisition of Services’’ ((RIN9000–AM84) (FAC 2005–80)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 3, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–554. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Employee Services, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Prevailing Rate Systems: Redefinition of the Fort Wayne- Marion, IN, and Detroit, MI, Appropriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Areas’’ (RIN3206–AN06) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–555. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-
bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–592, ‘‘District Government Certificate of Good Standing Filing Require-ment Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–556. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Buy American Act Report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–557. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 20–501, ‘‘Paint Stewardship Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–558. A communication from the Admin-
istrator, General Services Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-
ative to mileage reimbursement rates for Federal employees who use privately owned vehicles while on official travel; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–559. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary for Management, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 28, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–560. A communication from the Board 
Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s annual re-port concerning its compliance with the Sun-shine Act for calendar year 2014; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–561. A communication from the Senior 
Procurement Executive, Office of Acquisi-tion Policy, General Services Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Acquisition Regulation; Federal Acquisition Circular 2005–80; Introduction’’ (FAC 2005–80) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–562. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (33); Amdt. No. 3624’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–563. A communication from the Chair 
of the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Pan-el’s annual report for 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–564. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department’s Annual Re-port of the Maritime Administration (MARAD) for fiscal year 2013; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–565. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘An-chorage Regulations; Port of New York’’ ((RIN1625–AA01) (Docket No. USCG–2013– 0018)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on January 28, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–566. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; List of Au-thorized Fisheries and Gear’’ (RIN0648–BD67) 
received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–567. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commission, Bureau of Con-sumer Protection, Federal Trade Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Telemarketing Sales Rule Fees’’ (RIN3084–AA98) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Jan-uary 28, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S771 February 4, 2015 
EC–568. A communication from the Trial 
Attorney, Federal Railroad Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Highway-Rail Crossing Inventory Reporting Requirements’’ (RIN2130–AC26) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–569. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Office of the Medicare Ombudsman 2013 Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–570. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘List of Automatic Changes’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–14) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 2, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–571. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Section 5000A Na-tional Average Premium for a Bronze Level of Coverage (2015)’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–15) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–572. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures to Change a Method of Accounting for Federal Income Tax Purposes’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–13) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–573. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Biodiesel and Al-ternative Fuels; Claims for 2014; Excise Tax’’ (Notice 2015–3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–574. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Application for Recognition as a 501(c) (29) Organization’’ ((RIN1545–BK64) (TD 9709)) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 2, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–575. A communication from the Chief of 
the Publications and Regulations Branch, In-ternal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Applicable Federal Rates - February 2015’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–3) re-
ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 2, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
EC–576. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0096); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–577. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0097); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–578. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-
mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2015–0098); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–579. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary for Management, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 28, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–580. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Interior (Indian Af-fairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2013 Report to Congress Pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 450j–1(c) on the Funding Requirements for Contract Sup-port Costs’’; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. 
EC–581. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator of the Office of Di-version Control, Drug Enforcement Agency, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances: Tem-porary Placement of Three Synthetic Cannabinoids into Schedule I’’ (Docket No. DEA–402) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on January 30, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–582. A communication from the Sec-
retary, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Report of the Proceedings of the Judicial Conference of the United States’’ for the September 2014 session; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–583. A communication from the Chief 
Executive Officer, Corporation for National and Community Service, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Corporation’s fiscal year 2016 Congressional Budget Justification; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–584. A communication from the Inspec-
tor General of the Railroad Retirement 
Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Congressional Budget Justification for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–585. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–113); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–586. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–128); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–587. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–123); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–588. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–080); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–589. A communication from the Assist-
ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2015–0004 - 2015–0010); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–590. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to 
law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–130); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER, from the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, without amendment: 
S. 227. A bill to strengthen the Federal 
education research system to make research and evaluations more timely and relevant to State and local needs in order to increase student achievement. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. L EAHY , 
Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. G ARD-
NER, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 356. A bill to improve the provisions re-
lating to the privacy of electronic commu-nications; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. 
C
ORNYN ): 
S. 357. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code to require the public dis-closure by trusts established under section 524(g) of such title, of quarterly reports that contain detailed information regarding the receipt and disposition of claims for injuries based on exposure to asbestos, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. 
R
EID, Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. 
BENNET , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Mr. C OONS , Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. 
STABENOW , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. C ARDIN , 
Ms. H IRONO , Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. 
SCHATZ ): 
S. 358. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to ensure that women members of the Armed Forces and their families have access to the contraception they need in order to promote the health and readiness of all members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. 
R
UBIO): 
S. 359. A bill to amend title I of the Patient 
Protection and Affordable Care Act to im-pose restrictions on the risk corridor pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. 
R
ISCH): 
S. 360. A bill to authorize an additional dis-
trict judgeship for the district of Idaho; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. 
M
CCAIN): 
S. 361. A bill to direct the Secretary of the 
Interior to sell certain Federal lands in Ari-zona, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, and Wy-oming, previously identified as suitable for disposal, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S772 February 4, 2015 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. C ORNYN , 
Mr. C OATS , Mr. S COTT, and Mr. 
RISCH): 
S. 362. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide for investigative leave requirements with respect to Senior Executive Service employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Ms. 
M
IKULSKI , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , and Mr. B OOZMAN ): 
S. 363. A bill to amend the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 to aid gifted and talented and high-ability learners by empowering the Nation’s teachers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHUMER ): 
S. 364. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend tax incentives to certain live theatrical performances, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. 
L
EE): 
S. 365. A bill to improve rangeland condi-
tions and restore grazing levels within the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monu-ment, Utah; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. 
UDALL , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
KING, Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. C ARDIN , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. 
KAINE, Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. S COTT, 
Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. D AINES ): 
S. 366. A bill to require Senate candidates 
to file designations, statements, and reports in electronic form; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. 
U
DALL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mrs. 
BOXER ): 
S. 367. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to require that return in-formation from tax-exempt organizations be made available in a searchable format and to provide the disclosure of the identity of con-tributors to certain tax-exempt organiza-tions; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 368. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to require that the Director of the Bureau of Prisons ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or cor-rectional institution provides a secure stor-age area located outside of the secure perim-eter of the Federal penal or correctional in-stitution for firearms carried by certain em-ployees of the Bureau of Prisons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. B
LUNT ): 
S. 369. A bill to enhance pre- and post- 
adoptive support services; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mrs. 
BOXER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mr. B ROWN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mrs. C APITO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
CASEY , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
Ms. W ARREN , and Ms. C ANTWELL ): 
S. 370. A bill to require breast density re-
porting to physicians and patients by facili-ties that perform mammograms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, 
Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Ms. C ANT-
WELL ): 
S. 371. A bill to remove a limitation on a 
prohibition relating to permits for dis-charges incidental to normal operation of vessels; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Mr. 
C
RAPO , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. T OOMEY ): 
S. 372. A bill to ensure access to certain in-
formation for financial services industry reg-ulators, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , 
and Mr. N ELSON ): 
S. 373. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment of nationally uniform and environ-mentally sound standards governing dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. 
A
YOTTE ): 
S. 374. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-
cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to extend the requirement of the Secretary to furnish hospital care and medical services through non-Department of Veterans Affairs entities to veterans residing in certain loca-tions; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. K IRK, Mr. C ARPER , 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C OONS , 
Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. K ING, 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 375. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a reduced rate of excise tax on beer produced domestically by certain qualifying producers; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. 
LEAHY ): 
S. 376. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude payments re-ceived under the Work Colleges Program from gross income, including payments made from institutional funds; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mr. 
R
OBERTS , Mr. L EAHY , and Ms. C OL-
LINS): 
S. 377. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to increase access to ambulance services under the Medicare pro-gram and to reform payments for such serv-ices under such program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUNT , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. 
PAUL, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
INHOFE , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
LEE, Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. G ARDNER ): 
S. 378. A bill to impose certain limitations 
on consent decrees and settlement agree-ments by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, Mr. L EE, Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. E NZI, 
Mr. S COTT, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. I NHOFE , 
Mr. B LUNT , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
VITTER , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. A LEXANDER , 
Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. B OOZMAN , Ms. AYOTTE , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. K IRK, Mr. 
ROBERTS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. C RUZ, 
Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. R UBIO, 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. 
COCHRAN , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. B URR, 
Mrs. C APITO , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. M CCONNELL , 
Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. C OATS , Mrs. 
ERNST , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C OTTON , Ms. 
COLLINS , Mr. S HELBY , Mr. C ORKER , 
Mr. P AUL, Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. 
SASSE): 
S.J. Res. 6. A joint resolution proposing an 
amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to balancing the budg-et; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE ): 
S.J. Res. 7. A joint resolution proposing an 
amendment to the Constitution of the United States to clarify the authority of Congress and the States to regulate corpora-tions, limited liability companies, and other corporate entities established by the laws of any State, the United States, or any foreign state; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. Res. 65. A resolution supporting efforts 
to bring an end to violence perpetrated by Boko Haram, and urging the Government of Nigeria to conduct transparent, peaceful, and credible elections; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL: 
S. Res. 66. A resolution expressing support 
for the designation of February 12, 2015, as ‘‘Darwin Day’’ and recognizing the impor-tance of science in the betterment of human-ity; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and 
Mr. L
EE): 
S. Res. 67. A resolution amending rule XXII 
of the Standing Rules of the Senate to revise the number of affirmative votes required to end debate on nominations; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN ): 
S. Res. 68. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding the January 24, 2015, attacks carried out by Russian- backed rebels on the civilian population in Mariupol, Ukraine, and the provision of le-thal and non-lethal military assistance to Ukraine; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 149 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 149, 
a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
S. 165 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator 
from Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 165, a bill to extend and enhance prohibitions and limita-tions with respect to the transfer or re-lease of individuals detained at United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S773 February 4, 2015 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo 
Bay, Cuba, and for other purposes. 
S. 168 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
168, a bill to codify and modify regu-latory requirements of Federal agen-cies. 
S. 182 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 182, a bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to prohibit Federal education mandates, and for other purposes. 
S. 209 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 209, a bill to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self- Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
S. 257 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator from 
Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 257, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to physician supervision of therapeutic hospital outpatient serv-ices. 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96- hour physician certification require-ment for inpatient critical access hos-pital services. 
S. 269 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Lou-
isiana (Mr. V ITTER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 269, a bill to expand sanctions imposed with respect to Iran and to impose additional sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 271 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator 
from Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 271, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service- connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for their disability and either retired pay by reason of their years of military serv-ice or Combat-Related Special Com-pensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 289 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 289, a bill to prioritize funding for an expanded and sustained national investment in biomedical re-
search. 
S. 291 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 291, a bill to amend the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to provide for extensions of detention of certain aliens ordered removed, and for other purposes. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) and the 
Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E NZI) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 301, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
S. 316 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) and the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. R UBIO) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 316, a bill to amend the charter school program under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. 
S. 334 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 334, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for automatic continuing resolutions. 
S. 338 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 338, a bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S.J. RES. 1 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S.J. Res. 1, a joint resolu-tion proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States rel-ative to limiting the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve. 
S. RES. 63 
At the request of Mr. K ING, his name 
was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 63, a resolution congratulating the New England Patriots on their victory in Super Bowl XLIX. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , and 
Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 356. A bill to improve the provi-
sions relating to the privacy of elec-tronic communications; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, the Elec-
tronic Communications Privacy Act was first enacted in 1986. I would ask my colleagues, what were you doing in 
1986? Mr. President, 1986 was a long time ago. In 1986 I was in the ninth grade. This was an age when not every-one had a personal computer. My fam-ily didn’t have a computer. Most of the people I knew who had a computer had something like the Commodore VIC–20, which was a very small computer with very little processing power compared to what we have today. But this law, the Electronic Communications Pri-vacy Act—or ECPA, as it is sometimes 
known—was and still is an important law with an increasingly important ob-jective; that is, to ensure that govern-ment agencies respect the Fourth Amendment in accessing an individ-ual’s electronic communications. 
In the nearly three decades since 
ECPA became law, technology has ad-vanced rapidly, dramatically, far be-yond the capacity of this particular law, ECPA, to keep up. The prevalence of email and the low cost of electronic data storage have made what were once robust protections vastly insufficient to ensure that citizens’ rights are pro-tected with respect to their electronic communications, such as email. 
There is no reason we should still be 
operating under a law written in the analog age when we are living in a dig-ital world. This is a little bit like oper-ating with a DOS-based operating sys-tem in the age of much more sophisti-cated software systems that help us interact relatively seamlessly with our computers. That is why Senator L
EAHY  
and I have come together to craft this truly bipartisan piece of legislation which would modernize ECPA and bring constitutional protections against worthless searches and seizures into harmony with the technological realities of the 21st century. 
The Lee-Leahy ECPA Amendments 
Act of 2015 would prohibit electronic communications or remote computing service providers—such as Gmail or Facebook or Twitter, for example— from voluntarily disclosing the con-tents of customer emails or other com-munications. It eliminates the ambig-uous and outdated 180-day rule that some government agencies believe grants them warrantless access to the content of older emails. That is any emails older than the very young age of 180 days old. Instead, all requests for the content of electronic communica-tions would require a search warrant— a search warrant required by the Fourth Amendment, a search warrant based on probable cause—and law en-forcement agencies would be required to notify within 10 days any persons whose email accounts were searched, subject to some logical and narrow ex-ceptions, of course. 
This legislation is also carefully 
crafted so that it would not impede the ability of law enforcement agencies to conduct legitimate investigative ac-tivities consistent with the Fourth Amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S774 February 4, 2015 
I am pleased to say that our bill en-
joys very broad support from the tech-nology industry, from privacy advo-cates, constitutional scholars, and pol-icy groups on both ends of the ideolog-ical spectrum in America. 
The Lee-Leahy ECPA Amendments 
Act of 2015 is truly bipartisan in na-ture. The Senate bill, in addition to Senators L
EAHY and myself as the prin-
cipal sponsors, also has six additional cosponsors. We have Republican Sen-ators C
ORNYN , M ORAN , and G ARDNER  
and Democratic Senators S HAHEEN , 
MERKLEY , and B LUMENTHAL . I hope and 
expect that we will have a lot of addi-tional Senators of both political par-ties who will join us in this effort. The House version of this bill has 228 addi-tional cosponsors—a very critical ma-jority. 
By working together as a Democrat 
from Vermont and a Republican from Utah, we hope all Senators will join with us to pass this meaningful, bipar-tisan legislation that would benefit all Americans. Congress should pass ECPA reform this year, and President Obama should sign these important privacy re-forms into law. 
I will end this discussion as I began. 
What were you doing in 1986? As it re-lates to your interaction with the dig-ital world with computers, I would imagine that even though your life might be in many respects similar to what it was in 1986, it is very different in the way you interact with com-puters, with technology, with the on-line world, which basically no one was even aware of in 1986. Since 1986 the world has changed. We need to change the world to keep up with the times. We need to change the law to hold in place those protections that have been in our Constitution since 1791 to make sure the privacy rights of the American people are respected. 
I encourage each of my colleagues to 
support this bill 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I want to 
talk about privacy because privacy is not a partisan issue. It never has been, and never should be. Remember, 30 years ago I was in the minority. The Republicans were in the majority and controlled the Senate. It was then that I worked with my colleagues and led the effort to write the Electronic Com-munications Privacy Act, ECPA. 
It required a lot of education because 
back then, electronic mail was an emerging technology. The World Wide Web was unimaginable. Electronic data storage was astronomically expensive. No one could have envisioned the way mobile technologies would transform our lives. Yet fortunately many of us in Congress had the foresight to antici-pate that these new electronic commu-nications would also need privacy pro-tections. 
That was 30 years ago. Look at what 
has changed since then. Now three dec-ades later, that law is out of date. So today the Senator from Utah, Mr. L
EE, 
and I are reintroducing the Electronic Communications Privacy Act Amend-ments Act of 2015. We want to bring 
this law into the 21st century. Our leg-islation is very straightforward. It en-sures that the private information that we Americans electronically store in the cloud gets the same protections as the private information we Americans physically store at home. As it did in 1986, I hope the Senate will come to-gether on a bipartisan basis to support these commonsense protections. 
All of us have an expectation that 
the things we store in our house are private. If law enforcement wants ac-cess to them, they have to get the proper search warrants. Today, there seems to be an idea that if they are stored electronically, these rules should not apply. 
I believe they should. The bill Senator L
EEand I intro-
duced today protects Americans’ dig-ital privacy—in their emails and all the other files and photographs they store in the cloud. It promotes cloud computing and other new technologies by building consumer trust. And it also provides law enforcement agencies with the tools they need to ensure pub-lic safety. 
I would remind my colleagues that 
several years ago the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit found that email was fully protected by the Fourth Amendment. It said that ‘‘the Fourth Amendment must keep pace with the inexorable march of technological progress, or its guaran-tees will wither and perish.’’ This bill takes up that challenge. 
Obviously we have technologies 
today that nobody would have dreamed of just a couple of generations ago. But we have a Constitution that has pro-tected this country for well over 200 years, and we hope it will protect it for hundreds of years into the future. We need to make sure our laws keep up with the protections we Americans ex-pect from our Constitution. 
First and most importantly, the bill 
enshrines in statute the fundamental Fourth Amendment warrant require-ment for email, texts, and other elec-tronic data. It requires that the gov-ernment have a criminal search war-rant based on possible cause to obtain the stored content of Americans’ email and other electronic communications from third-party providers. This en-sures that email communications have the same protections as phone calls and private documents stored in your home. 
However, the bill’s warrant require-
ment contains an important exception to address emergency circumstances. It explicitly states that it does not affect current authorities under the Wiretap Act or the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act. And it ensures that law enforcement can continue to inves-tigate corporate wrong-doing by using grand jury subpoenas to obtain emails directly from corporate entities when held on their internal systems. 
The second major component of the 
bill requires law enforcement agencies to promptly notify individuals when 
the government has obtained their emails through their service providers, but permits a delay of that notice to protect the integrity of ongoing inves-tigations—no different from what we do in other law enforcement matters. The bill would also require service pro-viders to notify the government three days before they inform a customer that the provider disclosed their infor-mation to the government. 
This is not a Republican or Demo-
cratic issue, nor is it liberal or conserv-ative. In fact, Senator L
EEand I would 
note that we have a broad coalition of more than 50 privacy, civil liberties, civil rights, and technology industry groups and leaders from across the po-litical spectrum who have endorsed this reform effort. Support spans from the Heritage Foundation and Ameri-cans for Tax Reform, to the Center for Democracy and Technology and the ACLU. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
January 22, 2015, coalition letter in support of the bill. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JANUARY 22, 2015. 
Hon. C HARLES GRASSLEY , 
Chairman, Senate Judiciary Committee. Hon. P
ATRICK J. L EAHY , 
Ranking Member, Senate Judiciary Committee. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING  
MEMBER LEAHY : We, the undersigned compa-
nies and organizations, are writing to urge speedy consideration of Sen. Leahy’s and Sen. Lee’s ECPA Amendments Act that we expect will be introduced in the coming weeks. The bill would update the Electronic 
Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) to pro-vide stronger protection to sensitive per-sonal and proprietary communications stored in ‘‘the cloud.’’ The legislation was considered and adopted by a voice vote in the Committee in the 113th Congress. 
ECPA, which sets standards for govern-
ment access to private communications, is critically important to businesses, govern-ment investigators and ordinary citizens. Though the law was forward-looking when enacted in 1986, technology has advanced dramatically and ECPA has been outpaced. Courts have issued inconsistent interpreta-tions of the law, creating uncertainty for service providers, for law enforcement agen-cies, and for the hundreds of millions of Americans who use the Internet in their per-sonal and professional lives. Moreover, the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals in US v. Warshak has held that a provision of ECPA allowing the government to obtain a person’s email without a warrant is unconstitutional. 
The ECPA Amendments Act would update 
ECPA in one key respect, making it clear that, except in emergencies or under other existing exceptions, the government must obtain a warrant in order to compel a service provider to disclose the content of emails, texts or other private material stored by the service provider on behalf of its users. 
This standard would provide greater pri-
vacy protections and create a more level playing field for technology. It would cure the constitutional defect identified by the Sixth Circuit It would allow law enforcement officials to obtain electronic communica-tions in all appropriate cases while pro-tecting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S775 February 4, 2015 
Americans’ constitutional rights. Notably, 
the Department of Justice and FBI already follow the warrant-for-content rule. It would provide certainty for American businesses developing innovative new services and com-peting in a global marketplace. It would im-plement a core principle supported by Dig-ital Due Process, www.digitaldueprocess.org, a broad coalition of companies, privacy groups, think tanks, academics and other groups.– 
This legislation has seemingly been held 
up by only one issue—an effort to allow civil regulators to demand, without a warrant, the content of customer documents and com-munications directly from third party serv-ice providers. This should not be permitted. Such warrantless access would expand gov-ernment power; government regulators cur-rently cannot compel service providers to disclose their customers’ communications. It would prejudice the innovative services that all stakeholders support, and would create one procedure for data stored locally and a different one for data stored in the cloud. 
Because of all its benefits, there is an ex-
traordinary consensus around ECPA re-form—one unmatched by any other tech-nology and privacy issue. Successful passage of ECPA reform sends a powerful message— Congress can act swiftly on crucial, widely supported, bipartisan legislation. Failure to enact reform sends an equally powerful mes-sage—that privacy protections are lacking in law enforcement access to user information 
and that constitutional values are imperiled in a digital world. 
For all these reasons, we strongly urge all 
members of the Senate Judiciary Committee to support the ECPA Amendments Act. 
Sincerely, 
ACT—The App Association, Adobe, Ama-
zon, American Association of Law Libraries, American Booksellers for Free Expression, American Civil Liberties Union, American Library Association, Americans for Tax Re-form and Digital Liberty, AOL, Apple, Asso-ciation of Research Libraries, Automattic, Autonet Mobile, Brennan Center for Justice, BSA |, The Software Alliance, Center for Fi-
nancial Privacy and Human Rights, Center for Democracy & Technology, Center for Na-tional Security Studies, Cisco, Competitive Enterprise Institute, Computer & Commu-nications Industry Association, Consumer Action, Council for Citizens Against Govern-ment Waste, Data Foundry, Deluxe Corpora-tion, Demand Progress, Direct Marketing Association, Discovery Institute, Distributed Computing Industry Association (DCIA). 
Dropbox, eBay, Electronic Frontier Foun-
dation, Engine, Evernote, Facebook, First Amendment Coalition, Foursquare, FreedomWorks, Future of Privacy Forum, Gen Opp, Golden Frog, Google, Hewlett- Packard, Information Technology Industry Council (ITI), Internet Association, Internet Infrastructure Coalition (I2Coalition), In-tuit, Less Government, Liberty Coalition, LinkedIn, NetChoice, New America’s Open Technology Institute, Newspaper Associa-tion of America, Oracle, Personal, R Street, ServInt, SIIA: Software & Information In-dustry Association, Snapchat, Sonic, Tax-payers Protection Alliance, TechFreedom, TechNet, The Constitution Project, The Fed-eration of Genealogical Societies, Tumblr, Twitter, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Ven-ture Politics, Yahoo. 
Mr. LEAHY. I am also pleased that 
Senators S HAHEEN , M ORAN , C ORNYN , 
MERKLEY , GARDNER , and B LUMENTHAL  
have joined this effort with Senator L
EEand I. I commend them because we 
do have an opportunity this year to make progress on bipartisan, common-sense legislation to protect the privacy of Americans’ email and update our 
laws to keep pace with technology. And I also congratulate our House partners, Representatives Y
ODER and P OLIS, who 
are introducing this legislation today in the House of Representatives with 228 cosponsors from both parties. 
In the last Congress, the Senate Judi-
ciary Committee unanimously sup-ported this bill, Republicans and Demo-crats alike. We have continued the hard work of building a broad bipar-tisan coalition in support of this bill. Now is the time to act swiftly to bring our privacy protections into the digital age. 
I will continue to work with Senator 
L
EE, Senator C ORNYN , Senator M ORAN , 
Senator S HAHEEN , Senator M ERKLEY , 
Senator G ARDNER , and Senator 
BLUMENTHAL on this issue because 
while I am proud to have them as co-sponsors, I am also proud that we are doing the right thing 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
Mrs. B OXER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. 
CAPITO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
CASEY , Ms. H IRONO , Mrs. 
MCCASKILL , Ms. W ARREN , and 
Ms. C ANTWELL ): 
S. 370. A bill to require breast density 
reporting to physicians and patients by facilities that perform mammograms, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, 
even though we have made great strides in the treatment and diagnosis of breast cancer, this disease continues to be the second leading cause of death for women in the United States. 
When women receive their mammog-
raphy report and it comes out normal, they usually move on with their day thinking everything is just fine. This may be the case, but for women with dense breast tissue this ‘‘normal’’ re-port doesn’t capture the whole picture. This is because cancer may still be present and missed on their mammo-gram because it is obscured by dense breast tissue. 
It is vital for women to be told this 
simple, yet potentially life-saving, in-formation about their own health so they can discuss with their doctor if additional screening makes sense for them. That could be the difference be-tween catching breast cancer early and surviving, or waiting until its too late because you were never told your full medical information. 
Even though there is a risk for can-
cer being missed, when women receive their mammogram report there is cur-rently no federal requirement to in-clude notice that they have dense breast tissue. This is the case even though the radiologist makes that de-termination upon reading the mammo-gram 
This bill is a simple solution. It re-
quires that women be informed on the mammogram report, that they already 
receive, if they have dense breast tis-sue, and that they may want to talk with their doctor if they have ques-tions and if they might benefit from additional screening. Withholding this kind of medical information from women just doesn’t make any sense. 
This bill doesn’t change any state 
laws. It sets a minimum Federal stand-ard, so any state that wants to have additional reporting requirements may do so. The bill also requires the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services to focus on research and improved screen-ing for patients with dense breast tis-sue. Early detection is the key to beat-ing cancer. Every patient deserves ac-cess to their own information, espe-cially when it may be what saves their life. 
I want to thank Senator A
YOTTE for 
working with me on this bill. I urge my colleagues to join us, and Senators G
ILLIBRAND , BOXER , HEITKAMP , BALD-
WIN, BROWN , MIKULSKI , STABENOW , CAP-
ITO, SHAHEEN , CASEY , HIRONO , MCCAS-
KILL, and W ARREN in cosponsoring the 
Breast Density and Mammography Re-porting Act. This bill is supported by organizations including the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Net-work, Are You Dense Advocacy, Breast Cancer Fund, and Susan G. Komen. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleagues on this important issue. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. 
COLLINS , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
COCHRAN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
KIRK, Mr. C ARPER , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. 
COONS , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mr. K ING, Mr. L EAHY , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M IKULSKI , 
Mr. M URPHY , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR ): 
S. 375. A bill to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a re-duced rate of excise tax on beer pro-duced domestically by certain quali-fying producers; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to rise today with my friend and colleague, the senior Senator from Maine, Senator C
OLLINS , to re-intro-
duce the Small Brewer Reinvestment & Expanding Workforce Act of 2015, oth-erwise known as the Small BREW Act. Our esteemed former colleague, Sen-ator Kerry, now Secretary of State, in-troduced this bill in the 112th Congress. I was honored to take up the mantel in the 113th Congress. 
The Small BREW Act of 2015 would 
reduce the excise tax on America’s craft brewers. Under current Federal law, brewers producing 2 million or fewer barrels annually pay $7 per barrel on the first 60,000 barrels they brew, and $18 per barrel on every barrel thereafter, one barrel = 31 gallons. The Small BREW Act would create a new excise tax rate structure that helps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S776 February 4, 2015 
start-up and small breweries and re-
flects the evolution of the craft brew-ing industry. The rate for the smallest packaging breweries and brewpubs would be $3.50 per barrel on the first 60,000 barrels. For production between 60,001 and 2 million barrels, the rate would be $16.00 per barrel. Thereafter, the rate would be $18.00 per barrel. Breweries with an annual production of 6 million barrels or less would qualify for these recalibrated tax rates. 
The small brewer threshold and tax 
rate were established in 1976 and have never been updated. Since then, the largest multinational producer of beer has increased its annual production from 45 million barrels to 97 million 
barrels domestically and 325 million barrels globally. To put the matter in perspective, the biggest domestic craft brewer produces 2.7 million barrels of beer annually. Raising the ceiling that defines small breweries from 2 million barrels to 6 million barrels more accu-rately reflects the intent of the origi-nal differentiation between large and small brewers in the U.S. Because of differences in economies of scale, small brewers have higher costs for raw ma-terials, production, packaging, and market entry compared to larger, well- established multi-national competi-tors. Adjusting the excise tax rate would provide small brewers with an additional $67 million each year they could use to start or expand their busi-nesses on a local, regional, or national scale. 
This past November, the Joint Com-
mittee on Taxation, JCT, estimated the bill would cost $253 million through 2019 and $641 million over 10 years. A March 2013 study on the costs and bene-fits of the Small BREW Act bill which then-Harvard University economist John Friedman prepared on behalf of the Brewers Association, BA, indicates that the bill would directly reduce the excise tax revenue the Federal Govern-ment collects by $67.0 million the first year after enactment. But Professor Friedman notes that such a loss would be offset in large part by $49.1 million in new payroll and income taxes col-lected on increased economic activity. Professor Friedman believes that de-mand for craft beer will continue to in-crease and the Federal Government would collect an additional $1.1 million in excise taxes from the increased sales. The net revenue loss, therefore, would be $16.9 million the first year after enactment. The total net revenue loss over 5 years would be $95.9 million. The bill would lead to the creation of 5,230 new jobs in the first 12–18 months after passage and the cost of each new job in foregone revenue would be just $3,300. 
While some people may think this is 
a bill about beer, it is really about jobs. Blue collar jobs and white collar jobs. Small brewers are small business owners in communities in each and every State across the country. Rough-ly 75 percent of Americans now live within 10 miles of a brewery. Nation-ally, small and independent brewers 
employ over 110,000 full- and part-time employees, generate more than $3 bil-lion in wages and benefits, and pay more than $2.3 billion in business, per-sonal and consumption taxes, accord-ing to the BA. As the craft beer indus-try grows so, too, does the demand for American-grown barley and hops and American-made brewing, bottling, can-ning, and other equipment. That de-mand creates more good jobs. 
Maryland is home to 43 craft brewers, 
up from 34 in 2013, with 24 more in the planning stages. The existing breweries and brew-pubs employ roughly 600 peo-ple who were directly involved in pro-ducing craft beer in the State last 
year, and another 700 to 1,400 part-time workers including brew-pub restaurant staff and associated employees. In 2012, the Brewers Association determined that the economic impact of the craft brewing industry on the State was $455 million and that the industry created a total of 5,422 ‘‘full-time equivalent’’, FTE, jobs in Maryland, including indi-rect and induced jobs, paying over $185 million in wages. Based on 2013 produc-tion figures, the Small BREW Act would provide Maryland’s small brew-ers with roughly $570,000 to reinvest in their growing businesses and hire more workers. 
Small brewers have been anchors of 
local communities and America’s econ-omy since the start of our history. In-deed, there is a Mayflower document published in 1622 that explains why the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth Rock which states, ‘‘For we could not now take time for further search or consid-eration: our victuals being much spent, especially our beer.’’ Presidents from George Washington to Barack Obama have been homebrewers. Going back much further, the oldest extant recipe is for beer. And many people would argue that our thirst for beer is what drove man from being a hunter-gath-erer to a crop cultivator since the ear-liest domesticated cereal grains were various types of barley better suited for beer production than making bread. Saint Arnulf of Metz, also known as St. Arnold, who lived from roughly 582 to 640 AD, is known as the ‘‘Patron Saint of Brewers’’ because he recognized that beer, which is boiled first, contains al-cohol and is slightly acidic, was much safer to consume than water. French chemist and microbiologist Louis Pas-teur, 1822–1895, who discovered yeast and propounded the germ theory that is the basis of so much of modern medi-cine, worked for breweries for much of his career. The pH scale, the standard measurement of acidity, was developed by the head of Carlsberg Laboratory’s Chemical Department in 1909. Dr Soren Sorensen, 1868–1939, developed the pH scale during his pioneering research into proteins, amino acids and en-zymes—the basis of today’s protein chemistry. So it is fair to say that civ-ilization and beer go hand-in-hand. 
In addition to making high-quality 
beers, craft brewers such as Maryland’s Flying Dog, Union Craft, Ruddy Duck, 
Baying Hound, Heavy Seas, and The Brewers Art create jobs and reinvest their profits back into their local economies. The Federal Government needs to be investing in industries that invest in America and create real jobs here at home. With more than 3,200 
small and independent breweries and brew-pubs currently operating in the United States—and many more being planned—now is the time to take meaningful action to help them and our economy grow. An article in to-day’s New York Times entitled ‘‘Bet-ting on the Growth of Microbreweries’’ quotes BA economist Dr. Bart Watson as saying, ‘‘Brewery after brewery is looking for ways to grow because when you talk to these companies, the big-gest constraint is capacity. They’re selling beer as fast as they can make it.’’ Let us help them grow. 
I am proud to announce that Sen-
ators B
ALDWIN , B LUMENTHAL , C ANT-
WELL , CARPER , CASEY , COCHRAN , COONS , 
HEINRICH , H IRONO , K ING, K IRK, K LO-
BUCHAR , LEAHY , M ARKEY , M ENENDEZ , 
MERKLEY , MIKULSKI , MURKOWSKI , MUR-
PHY, PORTMAN , SANDERS , SCHUMER , and 
WYDEN have all signed on as original 
co-sponsors of the Small BREW Act, and I encourage the rest of my Senate colleagues to consider joining us in this worthwhile legislative endeavor. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 375 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Brew-
er Reinvestment and Expanding Workforce Act’’ or as the ‘‘Small BREW Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REDUCED RATE OF EXCISE TAX ON BEER 
PRODUCED DOMESTICALLY BY CER-TAIN QUALIFYING PRODUCERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 
5051(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively, and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-
serting the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a brewer 
who produces not more than 6,000,000 barrels of beer during the calendar year, the per bar-rel rate of tax imposed by this section shall be— 
‘‘(i) $3.50 on the first 60,000 qualified barrels 
of production, and 
‘‘(ii) $16 on the first 1,940,000 qualified bar-
rels of production to which clause (i) does not apply. 
‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED BARRELS OF PRODUCTION .— 
For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘qualified barrels of production’ means, with respect to any brewer for any calendar year, the number of barrels of beer which are re-moved in such year for consumption or sale and which have been brewed or produced by such brewer at qualified breweries in the United States.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Subparagraph (C) of section 5051(a)(2) of 
such Code, as redesignated by this section, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S777 February 4, 2015 
(A) by striking ‘‘2,000,000 barrel quantity’’ 
and inserting ‘‘6,000,000 barrel quantity’’, and 
(B) by striking ‘‘60,000 barrel quantity’’ and 
inserting ‘‘60,000 and 1,940,000 barrel quan-tities’’. 
(2) Subparagraph (D) of such section, as so 
redesignated, is amended by striking ‘‘2,000,000 barrels’’ and inserting ‘‘6,000,000 barrels’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to beer re-moved during calendar years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, 
Mr. B LUNT , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. 
HATCH , Mr. P AUL, Mr. C ORNYN , 
Mr. R UBIO, Mr. I NHOFE , Mrs. 
FISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. L EE, 
Mrs. C APITO , and Mr. G ARDNER ): 
S. 378. A bill to impose certain limi-
tations on consent decrees and settle-ment agreements by agencies that re-quire the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce an important piece of regulatory reform legislation. 
A study released this past fall by the 
National Association of Manufacturers estimates that U.S. Federal Govern-ment regulations imposed over $2 tril-lion in compliance costs on American businesses in 2012. This is an amount equal to 12 percent of our Nation’s GDP. 
The study also demonstrated—and 
this should come as no surprise—that the cost of complying with all those regulations falls disproportionately on small businesses. Small manufacturing firms, in particular, grapple with regu-latory compliance costs that are more than three times those felt by the aver-age company in the United States. 
It is no wonder why many American 
businesses are shuttering or moving their entire operation overseas. And how many folks dreamed of starting a small business but ultimately decided against taking the risk because of the overwhelming burden and uncertainty of our regulatory state? 
We have to do better. 
Small businesses are fed up with ex-
cessive Federal regulation, and they are making sure we know about it. A November 2014 survey conducted by the National Federation of Independent Business asked small business owners across the country to rank the ten most pressing problems they face. Overwhelmingly, the top two answers from small business owners were taxes and complying with government red tape. I am happy to say that this Con-gress intends to confront these issues head-on. 
The Federal Government needs to do 
everything possible to promote an en-vironment that will allow private sec-tor employers to create jobs. To ac-complish that, common sense would tell us that the government needs to remove barriers to job creation rather than put up new ones. 
Unfortunately, the Obama adminis-
tration has proven time and again that it would rather push forward with its 
interest-driven regulatory agenda than ease the heavy burden upon our econ-omy and our entrepreneurs. 
To make matters worse, this admin-
istration is pursuing new regulations through litigation tactics that take an end-run around the laws enacted by Congress to ensure transparency and accountability in the regulatory proc-ess. This strategy has come to be known as sue-and-settle, and regu-lators have been using it to speed up rulemaking and to keep the public, in-dustries, and even the States away from the table when regulatory deci-sions are negotiated behind closed doors. 
Sue-and-settle cases typically follow 
a similar pattern. First, an interest group files a lawsuit against a Federal agency, claiming that the agency has failed to take a certain regulatory ac-tion by a statutory deadline. Through the complaint, the interest group seeks to compel the agency to take action by a new, often-rushed deadline. The plaintiff-interest group frequently will be one that shares a common regu-latory and policy agenda with the agency that it sues, such as when an environmental group sues the Environ-mental Protection Agency, EPA. 
Next, the agency and interest group 
enter into friendly negotiations to produce either a settlement agreement or consent decree behind closed doors that commits the agency to satisfying the interest group’s demands. The agreement is then entered by a court, binding executive discretion to under-take a regulatory action. And notice-ably absent from these negotiations are the very parties who will likely be most impacted by the new regulation. 
Sue-and-settle tactics by advocacy 
groups and complicit government agen-cies have severe consequences on trans-parency, public accountability, and ul-timately on the quality of the result-ing public policy. 
Such tactics undermine congres-
sional intent by shutting out affected parties, such as industries and even the States that are charged with imple-menting new regulations. 
The Administrative Procedure Act, 
APA, which has been characterized as the citizens’ ‘‘regulatory bill of rights,’’ was enacted to ensure trans-parency and public accountability in our Federal rulemaking process. A cen-tral aspect of the APA is the notice- and-comment process, which requires agencies to notify the public of pro-posed regulations and to respond to comments submitted by interested par-ties. 
Rulemaking driven by sue-and-settle 
tactics, however, frequently results in reprioritized agency agendas and trun-cated deadlines for regulatory action. This renders the notice-and-comment requirements of the APA a mere for-mality, depriving regulated entities, the States and the public of sufficient time to have any meaningful input on the final rules. The resulting regu-latory action is driven not by the pub-
lic interest, but by special interest pri-orities, and often comes as a complete surprise to those most affected by it. 
Sue-and-settle litigation also helps 
agencies avoid accountability. Instead of having to answer to the public for controversial regulations and policy decisions, agency officials are able to simply point to a court order entering the agreement and maintain that they were required to take action under its terms. 
Further, the abuse of consent decrees 
as a method for taking regulatory ac-tion can have lasting negative impact on the ability of future administra-tions to adapt the Federal regulatory scheme to changing circumstances. Not only does this raise serious concerns about bad public policy; it also puts into question the constitutional im-pact of one administration’s actions binding the hands of its successors. 
Sue-and-settle, and the consequences 
that come with such tactics, is not a new phenomenon. Evidence of sue-and- settle tactics and closed-door rule-making can be found in nearly every administration over the previous few decades. 
But there has been an alarming in-
crease in sue-and-settle tactics under the Obama administration. A study by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce shows that just during President Obama’s first term, 60 Clean Air Act lawsuits against the EPA were resolved through consent decrees or settlement agree-ments, an increase from 28 during President George W. Bush’s second term. 
Since 2009, sue-and-settle cases 
against the EPA have imposed at least $13 billion in annual regulatory costs. 
In November 2010, environmental ad-
vocacy groups filed a complaint against the EPA under the Clean Water Act to compel the agency to revise wastewater regulations. Interestingly, the same day that the complaint was filed, the plaintiff-advocacy groups filed a proposed consent decree already signed by the EPA and requiring prompt regulatory action. As is char-acteristic of sue-and-settle cases, po-tentially affected parties were kept out of the lawsuit and negotiations. Such a scenario should raise serious concerns over how truly adversarial these law-suits really are. 
In another case, environmental advo-
cacy groups filed suit against the EPA to compel the agency to issue new air quality standards for pollutants from coal and oil-fired power plants. The plaintiff-advocacy groups alleged that the EPA had violated its statutory duty to issue new standards. 
An industry group intervened in the 
case to represent utility companies but was ultimately left out of subsequent negotiations between the plaintiffs and the EPA, which resulted in a consent decree. The industry group challenged the consent decree on numerous grounds, including the rulemaking timeframe established under the decree 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S778 February 4, 2015 
which was arguably too short to allow 
the public to participate fully in the rulemaking process. 
Nevertheless, the court approved and 
entered the consent decree, with the judge concluding that ‘‘[s]hould haste make waste, the resulting regulations will be subject to successful chal-lenge . . . If EPA needs more time to 
get it right, it can seek more time.’’ 
The resulting rule, despite its opaque 
promulgation, was estimated by the EPA to cost $9.6 billion annually by 2015. And according to estimates by the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity, the rule promulgated under the consent decree would con-tribute to a loss of 1.44 million jobs in the U.S. between 2013 and 2020. 
The EPA could have done things 
right the first time by crafting a sen-sible, workable rule that protects the environment without causing unneces-sary job losses or higher electricity prices for hard-working American fam-ilies. But as a result of backroom, sue- and-settle tactics, we were left with a controversial regulation that fails to properly take into account the impact on affected parties and that remains the subject of litigation to this day. 
The EPA, it seems, has turned a 
blind eye to the calls for more trans-parency and public accountability in our Federal rulemaking process. In February 2014, EPA’s General Counsel issued a statement declaring: 
The sue and settle rhetoric, strategically 
mislabeled by its proponents, is an often-re-peated but a wholly invented accusation that gets no more true with frequent retelling. 
I think many would take issue with 
that assessment. In fact, the Environ-mental Council of the States, or ECOS—a national non-profit, non-par-tisan association made up of State and territorial environmental agency lead-ers—adopted a resolution entitled ‘‘The Need for Reform and State Participa-tion in EPA’s Consent Decrees which Settle Citizen Suits,’’ stating, among other things: 
[S]tate environmental agencies are not al-
ways notified of citizen suits that allege U.S. EPA’s failure to perform its nondis-cretionary duties, are often not parties to these citizen suits, and are usually not pro-vided with an opportunity to participate in the negotiation of agreements to settle cit-izen suits[.] 
ECOS further resolved that: 
[G]reater transparency of citizen suit set-
tlement agreements is needed for the public to understand the impact of these agree-ments on the administration of environ-mental programs[.] 
I agree. 
Clearly, the EPA has no intention of 
acknowledging the use or consequences of sue-and-settle tactics. And unfortu-nately, I think this sentiment is shared by other executive branch agencies today. 
That is why today I am introducing 
the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015. Senators B
LUNT , HATCH , CRUZ, PAUL, CORNYN , 
RUBIO, INHOFE , FISCHER , FLAKE , LEE, 
CAPITO and G ARDNER are cosponsors of this important bill, and I thank them 
for their support. 
In the House, Representative D OUG 
COLLINS of Georgia is introducing a 
companion bill. 
By enacting reasonable, pro-account-
ability measures, the Sunshine bill aims to address many of the problems I have outlined so far. 
This bill provides for greater trans-
parency by shedding light on sue-and- settle tactics. It requires agencies to publish sue-and-settle complaints and notices of intent-to-sue in a readily ac-cessible manner. 
The bill requires agencies to publish 
proposed consent decrees and settle-ment agreements at least 60 days be-fore they can be filed with a court. This provides a valuable opportunity for affected parties to weigh-in, which will increase public accountability in the rulemaking process. It will also prevent those scenarios where lawsuits are filed on the same day as previously negotiated agreements, a practice that effectively blocks any meaningful par-ticipation by affected parties. 
The bill also makes it easier for af-
fected parties such as States and busi-ness owners to take part in both the lawsuit and settlement negotiations to ensure that their interests are properly represented. It requires the Attorney General or, if appropriate, the head of the defendant-agency, to certify to the court that he or she has personally ap-proved certain proposed consent de-crees or settlement agreements that, for example, convert a discretionary authority of an agency into a non-dis-cretionary duty to act. It requires that courts consider whether the terms of a proposed agreement are contrary to the public interest. 
The bill promotes greater trans-
parency by requiring agencies to pub-licly post and report to Congress infor-mation on sue-and-settle complaints, consent decrees and settlement agree-ments. 
Finally, the bill resolves key con-
stitutional concerns by making it easi-er for succeeding administrations to modify the effect of a prior administra-tion’s consent decrees. It does so by providing for de novo review of motions to modify existing consent decrees due to changed circumstances. 
The Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees 
and Settlements Act will shed light on the problem. It will help rein in back-room rulemaking, encourage the ap-propriate use of consent decrees and settlements, and reinforce the proce-dures laid out decades ago to ensure a transparent and accountable regu-latory process. 
I urge my colleagues to work with 
me and support this important legisla-tion. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: S. 378 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Sunshine for 
Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act— 
(1) the terms ‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘agency ac-
tion’’ have the meanings given those terms under section 551 of title 5, United States Code; 
(2) the term ‘‘covered civil action’’ means a 
civil action— 
(A) seeking to compel agency action; (B) alleging that the agency is unlawfully 
withholding or unreasonably delaying an agency action relating to a regulatory action that would affect the rights of— 
(i) private persons other than the person 
bringing the action; or 
(ii) a State, local, or tribal government; 
and 
(C) brought under— (i) chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code; 
or 
(ii) any other statute authorizing such an 
action; 
(3) the term ‘‘covered consent decree’’ 
means— 
(A) a consent decree entered into in a cov-
ered civil action; and 
(B) any other consent decree that requires 
agency action relating to a regulatory action that affects the rights of— 
(i) private persons other than the person 
bringing the action; or 
(ii) a State, local, or tribal government; (4) the term ‘‘covered consent decree or 
settlement agreement’’ means a covered con-sent decree and a covered settlement agree-ment; and 
(5) the term ‘‘covered settlement agree-
ment’’ means— 
(A) a settlement agreement entered into in 
a covered civil action; and 
(B) any other settlement agreement that 
requires agency action relating to a regu-latory action that affects the rights of— 
(i) private persons other than the person 
bringing the action; or 
(ii) a State, local, or tribal government. 
SEC. 3. CONSENT DECREE AND SETTLEMENT RE-
FORM. 
(a) P LEADINGS AND PRELIMINARY MAT-
TERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In any covered civil ac-
tion, the agency against which the covered civil action is brought shall publish the no-tice of intent to sue and the complaint in a readily accessible manner, including by making the notice of intent to sue and the complaint available online not later than 15 days after receiving service of the notice of intent to sue or complaint, respectively. 
(2) E
NTRY OF A COVERED CONSENT DECREE OR  
SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT .—A party may not 
make a motion for entry of a covered con-sent decree or to dismiss a civil action pur-suant to a covered settlement agreement until after the end of proceedings in accord-ance with paragraph (1) and subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2) of subsection (d) or subsection (d)(3)(A), whichever is later. 
(b) I
NTERVENTION .— 
(1) R EBUTTABLE PRESUMPTION .—In consid-
ering a motion to intervene in a covered civil action or a civil action in which a cov-ered consent decree or settlement agreement has been proposed that is filed by a person who alleges that the agency action in dis-pute would affect the person, the court shall presume, subject to rebuttal, that the inter-ests of the person would not be represented adequately by the existing parties to the ac-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S779 February 4, 2015 
(2) S TATE , LOCAL , AND TRIBAL GOVERN -
MENTS .—In considering a motion to inter-
vene in a covered civil action or a civil ac-tion in which a covered consent decree or settlement agreement has been proposed that is filed by a State, local, or tribal gov-ernment, the court shall take due account of whether the movant— 
(A) administers jointly with an agency 
that is a defendant in the action the statu-tory provisions that give rise to the regu-latory action to which the action relates; or 
(B) administers an authority under State, 
local, or tribal law that would be preempted by the regulatory action to which the action relates. 
(c) S
ETTLEMENT NEGOTIATIONS .—Efforts to 
settle a covered civil action or otherwise reach an agreement on a covered consent de-cree or settlement agreement shall— 
(1) be conducted pursuant to the mediation 
or alternative dispute resolution program of the court or by a district judge other than the presiding judge, magistrate judge, or spe-cial master, as determined appropriate by the presiding judge; and 
(2) include any party that intervenes in the 
action. 
(d) P
UBLICATION OF AND COMMENT ON COV-
ERED CONSENT DECREES OR SETTLEMENT  
AGREEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days be-
fore the date on which a covered consent de-cree or settlement agreement is filed with a court, the agency seeking to enter the cov-ered consent decree or settlement agreement shall publish in the Federal Register and on-line— 
(A) the proposed covered consent decree or 
settlement agreement; and 
(B) a statement providing— (i) the statutory basis for the covered con-
sent decree or settlement agreement; and 
(ii) a description of the terms of the cov-
ered consent decree or settlement agree-ment, including whether it provides for the award of attorneys’ fees or costs and, if so, the basis for including the award. 
(2) P
UBLIC COMMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An agency seeking to 
enter a covered consent decree or settlement agreement shall accept public comment dur-ing the period described in paragraph (1) on any issue relating to the matters alleged in the complaint in the applicable civil action or addressed or affected by the proposed cov-ered consent decree or settlement agree-ment. 
(B) R
ESPONSE TO COMMENTS .—An agency 
shall respond to any comment received under subparagraph (A). 
(C) S
UBMISSIONS TO COURT .—When moving 
that the court enter a proposed covered con-sent decree or settlement agreement or for dismissal pursuant to a proposed covered consent decree or settlement agreement, an agency shall— 
(i) inform the court of the statutory basis 
for the proposed covered consent decree or settlement agreement and its terms; 
(ii) submit to the court a summary of the 
comments received under subparagraph (A) and the response of the agency to the com-ments; 
(iii) submit to the court a certified index of 
the administrative record of the notice and comment proceeding; and 
(iv) make the administrative record de-
scribed in clause (iii) fully accessible to the court. 
(D) I
NCLUSION IN RECORD .—The court shall 
include in the court record for a civil action the certified index of the administrative record submitted by an agency under sub-paragraph (C)(iii) and any documents listed in the index which any party or amicus cu-riae appearing before the court in the action submits to the court. (3) P
UBLIC HEARINGS PERMITTED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—After providing notice in 
the Federal Register and online, an agency may hold a public hearing regarding whether to enter into a proposed covered consent de-cree or settlement agreement. 
(B) R
ECORD .—If an agency holds a public 
hearing under subparagraph (A)— 
(i) the agency shall— (I) submit to the court a summary of the 
proceedings; 
(II) submit to the court a certified index of 
the hearing record; and 
(III) provide access to the hearing record to 
the court; and 
(ii) the full hearing record shall be in-
cluded in the court record. 
(4) M
ANDATORY DEADLINES .—If a proposed 
covered consent decree or settlement agree-ment requires an agency action by a date certain, the agency shall, when moving for entry of the covered consent decree or settle-ment agreement or dismissal based on the covered consent decree or settlement agree-ment, inform the court of— 
(A) any required regulatory action the 
agency has not taken that the covered con-sent decree or settlement agreement does not address; 
(B) how the covered consent decree or set-
tlement agreement, if approved, would affect the discharge of the duties described in sub-paragraph (A); and 
(C) why the effects of the covered consent 
decree or settlement agreement on the man-ner in which the agency discharges its duties is in the public interest. 
(e) S
UBMISSION BY THE GOVERNMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—For any proposed covered 
consent decree or settlement agreement that contains a term described in paragraph (2), the Attorney General or, if the matter is being litigated independently by an agency, the head of the agency shall submit to the court a certification that the Attorney Gen-eral or head of the agency approves the pro-posed covered consent decree or settlement agreement. The Attorney General or head of the agency shall personally sign any certifi-cation submitted under this paragraph. 
(2) T
ERMS .—A term described in this para-
graph is— 
(A) in the case of a covered consent decree, 
a term that— 
(i) converts into a nondiscretionary duty a 
discretionary authority of an agency to pro-pose, promulgate, revise, or amend regula-tions; 
(ii) commits an agency to expend funds 
that have not been appropriated and that have not been budgeted for the regulatory action in question; 
(iii) commits an agency to seek a par-
ticular appropriation or budget authoriza-tion; 
(iv) divests an agency of discretion com-
mitted to the agency by statute or the Con-stitution of the United States, without re-gard to whether the discretion was granted to respond to changing circumstances, to make policy or managerial choices, or to protect the rights of third parties; or 
(v) otherwise affords relief that the court 
could not enter under its own authority upon a final judgment in the civil action; or 
(B) in the case of a covered settlement 
agreement, a term— 
(i) that provides a remedy for a failure by 
the agency to comply with the terms of the covered settlement agreement other than the revival of the civil action resolved by the covered settlement agreement; and 
(ii) that— (I) interferes with the authority of an 
agency to revise, amend, or issue rules under the procedures set forth in chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, or any other statute or Executive order prescribing rulemaking procedures for a rulemaking that is the sub-
ject of the covered settlement agreement; 
(II) commits the agency to expend funds 
that have not been appropriated and that have not been budgeted for the regulatory action in question; or 
(III) for such a covered settlement agree-
ment that commits the agency to exercise in a particular way discretion which was com-mitted to the agency by statute or the Con-stitution of the United States to respond to changing circumstances, to make policy or managerial choices, or to protect the rights of third parties. 
(f) R
EVIEW BY COURT .— 
(1) A MICUS .—A court considering a pro-
posed covered consent decree or settlement agreement shall presume, subject to rebut-tal, that it is proper to allow amicus partici-pation relating to the covered consent decree or settlement agreement by any person who filed public comments or participated in a public hearing on the covered consent decree or settlement agreement under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (d). 
(2) R
EVIEW OF DEADLINES .— 
(A) P ROPOSED COVERED CONSENT DECREES .— 
For a proposed covered consent decree, a court shall not approve the covered consent decree unless the proposed covered consent decree allows sufficient time and incor-porates adequate procedures for the agency to comply with chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, and other applicable statutes that govern rulemaking and, unless contrary to the public interest, the provisions of any Executive order that governs rulemaking. 
(B) P
ROPOSED COVERED SETTLEMENT AGREE -
MENTS .—For a proposed covered settlement 
agreement, a court shall ensure that the cov-ered settlement agreement allows sufficient time and incorporates adequate procedures for the agency to comply with chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, and other appli-cable statutes that govern rulemaking and, unless contrary to the public interest, the provisions of any Executive order that gov-erns rulemaking. 
(g) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Each agency shall 
submit to Congress an annual report that, for the year covered by the report, includes— 
(1) the number, identity, and content of 
covered civil actions brought against and covered consent decree or settlement agree-ments entered against or into by the agency; and 
(2) a description of the statutory basis 
for— 
(A) each covered consent decree or settle-
ment agreement entered against or into by the agency; and 
(B) any award of attorneys fees or costs in 
a civil action resolved by a covered consent decree or settlement agreement entered against or into by the agency. 
SEC. 4. MOTIONS TO MODIFY CONSENT DECREES. 
If an agency moves a court to modify a 
covered consent decree or settlement agree-ment and the basis of the motion is that the terms of the covered consent decree or set-tlement agreement are no longer fully in the public interest due to the obligations of the agency to fulfill other duties or due to changed facts and circumstances, the court shall review the motion and the covered con-sent decree or settlement agreement de novo. 
SEC. 5. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act shall apply to— (1) any covered civil action filed on or after 
the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) any covered consent decree or settle-
ment agreement proposed to a court on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. 
CORNYN , Mr. L EE, Mr. M CCAIN, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S780 February 4, 2015 
Mr. E NZI, Mr. S COTT, Mr. J OHN-
SON, Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B LUNT , 
Mr. M ORAN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
WICKER , Mr. V ITTER , Mr. H ELL-
ER, Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. B OOZMAN , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. K IRK, 
Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
CRUZ, Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. C AS-
SIDY, Mr. R UBIO, Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. P ERDUE , 
Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. L ANKFORD , 
Mr. B URR, Mrs. C APITO , Mr. 
SULLIVAN , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mr. C OATS , Mrs. 
ERNST , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. C OTTON , 
Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. S HELBY , Mr. 
CORKER , Mr. P AUL, Mr. S ES-
SIONS , and Mr. S ASSE): 
S.J. Res. 6. A joint resolution pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States relative to balancing the budget; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I 
am introducing a resolution proposing a constitutional amendment to require that Congress and the President handle the American people’s money more re-sponsibly and balance the Nation’s debt and budget. Like the last two Con-gresses, the entire Republican Con-ference has cosponsored this proposal. 
I know the Constitution sets a high 
threshold for Congress to propose an amendment, but it is critical we do so for three reasons: 
First, piling up more debt year after 
year is imposing greater and greater harm to our economy and to our soci-ety. Last week, Congressional Budget Office Director Douglas Elmendorf tes-tified before the House Budget Com-mittee, noting that the national debt is expected to swell by another $7.6 tril-lion—trillion with a T—over the next 10 years. He said: 
Such large and growing national debt 
would have serious negative consequences, including increasing Federal spending for in-terest payments; restraining economic growth in the long term; giving policy-makers less flexibility to respond to unex-pected challenges; and eventually height-ening the risk of a fiscal crisis. 
He is the Director of the Federal 
budget office and he said that on Janu-ary 21, 2015. Just think about that. And he is a Democrat. He has been a very good budget director, as far as I am concerned, and I have enjoyed looking at his analyses over the years. 
Our Nation is on an unsustainable 
path and we simply cannot wait any longer to make responsible decisions for our future. 
Second, Washington will not keep 
our fiscal house in order unless re-quired to do so by the Constitution. Congress has pretended that good in-tentions alone would keep our check-book balanced. Congress has tried put-ting limits in place by legislation or other rules. Congress has stuck its head in the sand or at other times cried 
that the sky would fall if we really did get our fiscal act together. Over many decades we have demonstrated that nothing short of a constitutional re-quirement will work. 
Third, the American people have the 
right to set rules for how Washington handles their money. The Constitution is a rulebook for government and it be-longs to the American people. Pro-posing an amendment does not add it to the Constitution but only sends it to the States for debate and consider-ation. And while it takes two-thirds of Congress to propose an amendment to the Constitution, it takes three-fourths of the States to ratify it. That high level of national consensus may or may not exist, but the American people de-serve the opportunity to find out. 
On June 7, 1979, nearly 36 years ago, 
I stood on this floor when I introduced Senate Joint Resolution 86, my first balanced budget amendment. In to-day’s dollars the budget deficit that year was $95 billion and the national debt was $2.6 trillion, which was about 30 percent of our gross domestic prod-uct. I said then that only in Wash-ington could this situation be described as anything less than obscene. 
The more things change, the more 
they stay the same. I concede a few things have changed since 1979. For ex-ample, the deficit for the current fiscal year is six times higher than it was in 1979, and the national debt is seven times as large. To put that number in perspective, the national debt is now larger than our entire economy. 
The situation is not only getting 
worse, it is getting worse faster than ever. More than 40 percent of the na-tional debt accumulated since our founding has piled up under President Obama, and he has 2 more years in of-fice. While those things have changed, and changed for the worse, the choice before us remains the same. 
Some of my colleagues might dis-
agree with the CBO Director and think that piling up trillions and trillions of dollars in debt is no big deal; that these are just numbers in the air with no impact on the real world. Perhaps they think our large and growing na-tional debt won’t have any negative consequences, won’t impede economic growth, won’t restrain policymakers’ flexibility to respond to challenges, and won’t heighten the risk of the fis-cal crisis. Some of my colleagues might believe we have no obligation to handle the American people’s money responsibly or perhaps they believe this money belongs to government and not the American people at all. 
Some of my colleagues might insist, 
despite decades of demonstrated fail-ure, that Congress can somehow get its fiscal act together on its own. One defi-nition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting dif-ferent results. 
Some of my colleagues might say the 
American people should not be able to set fiscal rules for the government they elect. Perhaps they think the Federal 
Government should control the Con-stitution, not the other way around. 
I say to my colleagues who think 
those things: I can understand why you would oppose sending this balanced budget amendment to the States for consideration. 
But now a word to my other col-
leagues: If you think this growing mountain of debt is dangerous and must be stopped, if you believe we have exhausted every other means of stop-ping it, and if you say the American people have the right to decide how their government should operate, then I invite you to support this joint reso-lution, S.J. Res. 6. 
The Senate has on four separate oc-
casions voted on a balanced budget amendment since I introduced that proposal in 1979. You can see it on this chart. We actually passed one in 1982 when the national debt was $2.5 tril-lion. But the House, controlled by Democrats at the time, did not take it up. 
The Senate voted on another bal-
anced budget amendment in 1994 when the national debt was $6.9 trillion. It fell a few votes short. 
Three years later, when the national 
debt was $7.9 trillion, we came within a single vote of passage in 1997. 
And in 2011, the fourth from the left 
there on the chart, we voted on the last balanced budget amendment I intro-duced. At that time, the national debt had grown to $15.1 trillion, and it is al-most $3 trillion higher today. 
CBO tells us not only that the na-
tional debt will swell by an additional $7.6 trillion in the next 10 years, but that interest on that debt will be a larger and larger portion of the budget. The low interest rates we see today, after all, will not last forever. 
CBO warns that, on our current path, 
interest costs alone will quadruple from $200 billion today to nearly $800 billion in 10 years. In only 6 years, if we do not change course, spending on interest will surpass either defense or nondefense spending. Every dollar spent to service debt cannot be spent protecting our country or helping our citizens. This is the fiscal equivalent of fiddling while Rome burns. The debt keeps growing, the danger keeps build-ing, while Congress keeps pretending and stalling. 
What if we had sent a balanced budg-
et amendment to the States in the 1970s, 1980s, or even 1990s? How dif-ferent would the budget process be today? 
When I spoke here in June 1979, I of-
fered two additional reasons for adopt-ing a balanced budget amendment. 
First, I said a fixed spending ceiling 
‘‘requires that Congress think in order of budget priorities.’’ 
Second, I said: 
In my mind, a balanced budget or spending 
limitation amendment offers the potential to impose new limits upon the National Gov-ernment, replacing those that have largely been eroded over the years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S781 February 4, 2015 
That is why the American people 
have never been able to use their Con-stitution to set fiscal rules for Wash-ington—because doing so would set limits the national government does not want. But our liberty depends on setting and enforcing such limits. 
I will repeat what I said here in 1979: 
This is certainly not a trivial objective. 
Rather, it goes to the heart of what our sys-tem of government is going to be in the fu-ture. 
That is the choice before us, and be-
fore the American people. 
I have to say that if we look at the 
current budget, it is a fraud the Presi-dent has submitted. It is pathetic. And even with that current budget, saying they are going to save us money, we are about a half trillion dollars in debt—in further debt, I might add. It is piling up in irreducible ways. It is something we have to do something about. We can no longer sit around and pretend that, somehow, Congress is going to take care of it, when Congress doesn’t have the will to take care of it. A balanced budget amendment is an important part of changing that. 
I will speak later on the actual 
amendment and what it says and what it means and how it will work. I believe it is an appropriate way of bringing this country under control and getting us to live within our means. It will take time even if we start today. But we are not starting today. 
This administration cannot get any-
where near what it wants in this budg-et without a huge tax increase. We have had tax increase after tax in-crease after tax increase, and it never makes a dip in the Federal debt. We have to wake up around here and start doing some things right, or this coun-try—the greatest country in the world—will not be able to remain so. But it has to. 
If we look at the rest of the world— 
we are in terrible shape throughout the rest of the world. There is no other country in this world that can lead like ours can—except for evil. There are countries that can really lead, but they would lead for evil. We have got to stop that. And the only way we can is to have a nation that lives within its means, does what is right, and balances its budget. It is going to take years, if we pass this amendment, to balance the budget. If the amendment gets passed and then is supported by three- quarters of the States—38 States—this amendment will do the job. 
Whatever we do, it is going to be 
tough. But that is better than a prof-ligacy that is continuing to go along under all kinds of phony arguments that, when we look back on them, are really phony. They act as though they are really trying to do something about this, while spending us into bankruptcy, and more and more caus-ing us to not be able to live within our means. 
We have got to change this, and I am 
convinced the only way we will is with a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. It is the only way we can 
find enough people in this country who respect the Constitution to cause the result that we live—or at least start living—within our means. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 65—SUP-
PORTING EFFORTS TO BRING AN END TO VIOLENCE PER-PETRATED BY BOKO HARAM, AND URGING THE GOVERNMENT OF NIGERIA TO CONDUCT TRANSPARENT, PEACEFUL, AND CREDIBLE ELECTIONS 
Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
BOOZMAN , and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 65 
Whereas Nigeria is the most populous na-
tion in Africa, with the largest economy; 
Whereas the Governments of the United 
States and Nigeria have had a strong bilat-eral relationship, and Nigeria has been a val-ued partner of the United States since its transition to civilian rule; 
Whereas the Government of Nigeria is cur-
rently confronted with threats to internal security by terrorists, insurgents, and com-munal violence that have caused consider-able population displacement, and at the same time must administer transparent and peaceful elections with a credible outcome; 
Whereas the government and those who as-
pire to hold office in Nigeria must dem-onstrate the political will to address both of these challenges in a responsible way, in-cluding by ensuring full enfranchisement, with particular emphasis on developing a means for enfranchisement for the hundreds of thousands displaced by violence; 
Whereas the members of Jama’atu Ahlis 
Sunna Lidda’awati wal-Jihad, commonly known as Boko Haram, have terrorized the people of Nigeria with increasing violence since 2009, targeting military, government, and civilian sites in Nigeria, including schools, mosques, churches, markets, vil-lages, and agricultural centers, and killing thousands and abducting hundreds of civil-ians in Nigeria and the surrounding coun-tries; 
Whereas the Department of State named 
several individuals linked to Boko Haram, including its leader, Abubakar Shekau, as Specially Designated Global Terrorists in 2012, and designated Boko Haram as a For-eign Terrorist Organization (FTO) in Novem-ber 2013; 
Whereas, in May 2014, the United Nations 
Security Council added Boko Haram to its al Qaeda sanctions list, and on January 19, 2015, the United Nations Security Council issued a presidential statement condemning the re-cent escalation of attacks in northeastern Nigeria and surrounding countries and ex-pressing concern that the situation was un-dermining peace and security in West and Central Africa; 
Whereas the over 200 school girls abducted 
by Boko Haram on April 14, 2014, from the Government Girls Secondary School in the northeastern state of Borno, whose kidnap-ping sparked domestic and international out-rage spawning the Twitter campaign #BringBackOurGirls, are still missing; 
Whereas the militant group is an increas-
ing menace to the countries along Nigeria’s northeastern border, prompting the African 
Union, the Lake Chad Basin Commission, the European Union, and the United Nations Se-curity Council to recognize that there must be a regional response; 
Whereas the United States Government 
has stepped forward to offer assistance through intelligence sharing, bilateral and international sanctioning of Boko Haram leaders, counterterrorism assistance through the Global Security Contingency Fund pro-gram for countries in the region to counter the militant group, and humanitarian serv-ices to populations affected by and vulner-able to Boko Haram violence; 
Whereas Boko Haram emerged partially as 
a response to underdevelopment in north-eastern Nigeria, and inequality, elite impu-nity, and alleged human rights abuses by se-curity forces may be fueling anti-govern-ment sentiment; 
Whereas it is clear that a military ap-
proach alone will not eliminate the threat of Boko Haram, and gross human rights abuses and atrocities by security forces causes inse-curity and mistrust among the civilian popu-lation; 
Whereas it is imperative that the Govern-
ment of Nigeria implement a comprehensive, civilian security focused plan that prioritizes protecting civilians and also ad-dresses legitimate political and economic grievances of citizens in northern Nigeria; 
Whereas Nigeria is scheduled to hold na-
tional elections in February 2015, and the elections appear to be the most closely con-tested in Nigeria since the return to civilian rule; 
Whereas election-related violence has oc-
curred in Nigeria in successive elections, in-cluding in 2011, when nearly 800 people died in clashes following the presidential elec-tion; 
Whereas President Goodluck Ebele 
Azikiwe Jonathan, General Muhammadu Buhari, and other presidential candidates pledged to reverse this trend by signing the ‘‘Abuja Accord’’ on January 14, 2015, in which they committed themselves and their cam-paigns to refraining from public statements that incite violence, to running issue-based campaigns that do not seek to divide citizens along religious or ethnic lines, and to sup-
porting the impartial conduct of the elec-toral commission and the security services; 
Whereas Secretary of State John Kerry 
visited Nigeria on January 25, 2015, to em-phasize the importance of ensuring the up-coming elections are peaceful, nonviolent, and credible; 
Whereas tensions in the country remain 
high, and either electoral fraud or violence could undermine the credibility of the up-coming election; 
Whereas the people of Nigeria aspire for a 
fair, competently executed, and secure elec-toral process, as well as an outcome that can be accepted peacefully by all citizens; and 
Whereas it is in the best interest of the 
United States to maintain close ties with a politically stable, democratic and economi-cally sound Nigeria: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns Boko Haram for its violent 
attacks, particularly the indiscriminate tar-geting of civilians, especially women and girls, and the use of children as fighters and suicide bombers; 
(2) stands with— (A) the people of Nigeria in their right to 
live free from fear or intimidation by state or nonstate actors, regardless of their eth-nic, religious, or regional affiliation; 
(B) the people of Cameroon, Chad, and 
Niger who are increasingly at risk of becom-ing victims of Boko Haram’s violence; and 
(C) the international community in its ef-
forts to defeat Boko Haram; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S782 February 4, 2015 
(3) supports the Abuja Accord, and calls on 
candidates, party officials, and adherents of all political movements to comply with the code of conduct spelled out therein, by re-fraining from any rhetoric or action that seeks to demonize or delegitimize opponents, sow division among Nigerians, or otherwise inflame tensions; 
(4) condemns any and all abuses of civil-
ians by security forces of the Government of Nigeria; 
(5) urges the Government of Nigeria— (A) to conduct timely, credible, trans-
parent, and peaceful elections; 
(B) to refrain from using security services 
for political purposes in connection with the elections; 
(C) to prioritize the safety and security of 
Nigerians vulnerable to Boko Haram at-tacks; 
(D) to implement a comprehensive, civilian 
security focused response to defeat Boko Haram that addresses political and economic grievances of citizens in the north; 
(E) to improve the capacity and conduct of 
Nigeria’s security forces, including respect for human rights, and take steps to hold ac-countable through a transparent process those members of the security forces respon-sible for abuses; 
(F) to recognize that security forces are in-
tended to protect the safety and security of all citizens equally; and 
(G) to cooperate with regional and inter-
national partners to defeat Boko Haram; 
(6) urges all Nigerians to engage in the 
electoral process, to insist on full enfran-chisement, and to reject inflammatory or di-visive rhetoric or actions; and 
(7) reaffirms that the people of the United 
States will continue to stand with the people of Nigeria in support of peace and democ-racy. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I am 
here today to speak to the troubling situation in Nigeria, one of our strong-est allies in Africa since its transition from military dictatorship to civilian rule over a decade ago. 
Nigeria is currently facing two grave 
threats to its stability. First, the coun-try is preparing to vote next month in the most closely contested presidential 
election in recent history, but there is a very real danger of prolonged vio-lence across Nigeria and mass casual-ties if the election results are not deemed credible. 
Second, in the last 2 months, Boko 
Haram, infamous for kidnapping over 200 schoolgirls in Chibok in 2014, has stepped up its murderous scorched- earth campaign, killing thousands of innocent civilians, gaining control over an increasing amount of territory in the northeastern portion of the coun-try, and threatening to disrupt elec-tions. 
It is in the face of these dual chal-
lenges, that I, along with Senators I
SAKSON , S HAHEEN , B OOZMAN and 
COONS , have submitted a resolution 
which calls on Nigerian leaders to step- up to the plate and show real leader-ship in prioritizing the safety and secu-rity of Nigerians in the elections and doing everything possible to combat Boko Haram. 
For over 5 years, Boko Haram has 
shocked the conscience of the world and terrorized Nigerian citizens of all religions and ethnic groups. It has tar-
geted schools, mosques, churches, mar-kets, villages and agricultural centers 
with a wave of kidnappings, killings and suicide bombs. Boko Haram terror-ists have abducted hundreds, including the Chibok girls, who to this day re-main missing; and has killed thou-sands—by some accounts over 6,000 last year alone and, since 2009, more than a million have been displaced. 
In January, Boko Haram staged a 4 
day assault on the northeastern town of Baga, abducting civilians, and forc-ing thousands to flee. Eyewitnesses claim as many as 2000 dead, though the government disputes this number. Sat-ellite photographs show disturbing im-ages of towns burned and razed. What began as a localized insurgency that targeted the military and government has grown into a sub-regional menace. Boko Haram has metastasized, effec-tively denying the government control over a significant swathe of territory in the three most affected states of northeast Nigeria, and undertaking bold incursions into neighboring coun-tries. The Nigerian government’s re-sponse has been ineffective at best. At worst, the actions of the security forces, who have been accused of alarming excesses, may have exacer-bated the problem. These are things the Nigerian government must ac-knowledge and address if they want to end the reign of Boko Haram in com-munities most affected by the terrorist group. 
The international community, the 
African Union, European Union, the Lake Chad Basin Commission, and United Nations Security Council—have all recognized that there must be a re-gional response to Boko Haram. On January 26, AU Commission Chair-woman Dlamini Zuma said that Boko Haram is a threat to the whole con-tinent. Just days ago, the AU Peace and Security Council approved a 7500 strong regional force to combat the group. Recent U.S. efforts to provide assistance have been unilaterally rebuffed. Clearly, the international community is concerned and engaged. What is not so clear is the commitment of the Nigerian government to a thoughtful strategy of engagement. 
During my meeting with President 
Jonathan at last year’s African Lead-ers’ Summit, I urged him to implement a comprehensive approach to address the Boko Haram insurgency—one that addresses both the security threat as well as the legitimate grievances of local communities. At the end of the day, Nigerian officials must come to terms with the fact that a military so-lution alone will not solve the problem. To date, the government does not ap-pear to have formulated a comprehen-sive strategy, and as a result, the in-surgency continues to gain momentum. 
Against this backdrop of government 
inaction and Boko Haram’s unspeak-able terrorism raging in the north, presidential elections are scheduled for 
February 14. For the first time since Nigeria transitioned from military rule to democracy in 1999, a unified opposi-tion party will challenge the ruling People’s Democratic Party, PDP. This election will test the strength of an electoral process that has been marred by violence. In 2011, more than 800 peo-ple were killed in clashes that followed what international observers deemed to be the most free, fair, and best-ad-ministered elections to date. 
Despite the history of electoral vio-
lence, the Nigerian Government has yet to implement reforms rec-ommended by the Independent Na-tional Electoral Commission, INEC. INEC itself has taken a number of steps to improve the legitimacy of the voting process, including conducting widespread voter registration programs and introducing biometric voter identi-fication cards. INEC is engaged in a valiant effort to distribute permanent voter cards in time for next month’s elections, and we should continue to support such efforts until the job is done to protect the legitimacy and in-tegrity of the elections. 
National Security Advisor Sambo 
Dasuki has said the voter card dis-tribution is too slow, and recently sug-gested that the elections be postponed. I think this suggestion has understand-ably raised suspicion and skepticism as to his motives and those of the PDP given that the race between President Jonathan and his challenger, Muhammadu Buhari, is by all accounts close to a dead heat. It is true, how-ever, that increasing violence in three northern states threatens to disenfran-chise a significant number of voters. And it is unclear how those who have been internally displaced will be given the opportunity to vote. In my view, there must be an effort to develop a consensus about how these twin chal-
lenges should be addressed or Nigerians may well dispute the results. 
The two leading presidential can-
didates have made a public commit-ment to non-violence during the elec-tions. They should be commended for their verbal assurances, and they should be held responsible if they re-nege. As Secretary Kerry said in Lagos at the end of last month, ‘‘the inter-national community is paying very close attention to this election.’’ 
Nigeria has the largest economy and 
is the most populous country in Africa. So goes, Nigeria, so goes West Africa. We cannot, from a strategic stand-point, afford for it to fail. That is why the international community must continue to urge Nigerian political leaders to listen to all voices, regard-less of ethnic, religious, or regional af-filiation, and to safeguard the right of the Nigerian people to shape their own destiny. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S783 February 4, 2015 
SENATE RESOLUTION 66—EX-
PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF FEBRUARY 12, 2015, AS ‘‘DARWIN DAY’’ AND RECOGNIZING THE IMPORTANCE OF SCIENCE IN THE BETTER-MENT OF HUMANITY 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL submitted the 
following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. R ES. 66 
Whereas Charles Darwin developed the the-
ory of evolution by the mechanism of nat-ural selection, which, together with the monumental amount of scientific evidence Charles Darwin compiled to support the the-ory, provides humanity with a logical and in-tellectually compelling explanation for the diversity of life on Earth; 
Whereas the validity of the theory of evo-
lution by natural selection developed by Charles Darwin is further strongly supported by the modern understanding of the science of genetics; 
Whereas it has been the human curiosity 
and ingenuity exemplified by Charles Darwin that has promoted new scientific discoveries that have helped humanity solve many prob-lems and improve living conditions; 
Whereas the advancement of science must 
be protected from those unconcerned with the adverse impacts of global warming and climate change; 
Whereas the teaching of creationism in 
some public schools compromises the sci-entific and academic integrity of the edu-cation systems of the United States; 
Whereas Charles Darwin is a worthy sym-
bol of scientific advancement on which to focus and around which to build a global celebration of science and humanity in-tended to promote a common bond among all the people of the Earth; and 
Whereas February 12, 2015, is the anniver-
sary of the birth of Charles Darwin in 1809 and would be an appropriate date to des-ignate as ‘‘Darwin Day’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the designation of ‘‘Darwin 
Day’’; and 
(2) recognizes Charles Darwin as a worthy 
symbol on which to celebrate the achieve-ments of reason, science, and the advance-ment of human knowledge. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 67—AMEND-
ING RULE XXII OF THE STAND-ING RULES OF THE SENATE TO REVISE THE NUMBER OF AF-FIRMATIVE VOTES REQUIRED TO END DEBATE ON NOMINATIONS 
Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and 
Mr. L
EE) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 67 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. CLOTURE RULE. 
The second undesignated subparagraph of 
paragraph 2 of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate is amended by striking ‘‘And if that question’’ and all that follows through ‘‘disposed of.’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘If the question is decided in the af-firmative in the case of a nomination on the Executive Calendar by a majority of the Sen-ators duly chosen and sworn; in the case of a measure or motion to amend the Senate rules by two-thirds of the Senators present and voting; and in the case of any other measure, motion, or matter, by three-fifths 
of the Senators duly chosen and sworn, then the foregoing measure, motion or matter pending before the Senate, or the unfinished business, upon which the question was de-cided in the affirmative shall be the unfin-ished business to the exclusion of all other business until disposed of.’’. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
am especially pleased to see that the Senator from Utah is presiding this afternoon because I come to the floor today to offer a resolution which is his inspiration, really, and on which I am pleased to be working with him. 
Simply put, this is a resolution to es-
tablish a majority vote on Presidential nominations. This would establish by rule the Senate tradition of approving Presidential nominations by a simple majority vote. The rules change we propose would establish by rule this tradition of approving Presidential nominations of Cabinet Members and judges by a simple majority vote, 
which existed from the time Thomas Jefferson wrote the rules in 1789 until 2003, when Democrats began filibus-tering Federal Circuit Court of Appeals nominees. 
Most importantly, it would change 
the rules in the right way, through a two-thirds vote, which is what the ex-isting rules of the Senate provide. Un-fortunately, on November 21, 2013, Democrats broke the Senate rules without even attempting to get the 67 votes required to change the rules, which caused former Senator Carl Levin, a Democrat from Michigan, to say at the time, quoting former Sen-ator Arthur Vandenberg of Michigan, that ‘‘if a majority of the Senate can change its rules at any time, there are no rules.’’ We are the Nation’s rule-making body. If we cannot follow our own rules, how can we expect the American people to show respect for and follow the rules we help to create? 
The proposal Senator L
EEand I have 
made will be considered by the Senate Committee on Rules and Administra-tion, according to the Senator from Missouri, Senator B
LUNT , the chairman 
of the Rules Committee. It would ulti-mately require a two-thirds vote of the Senate to change the Senate rules. This all has to do with the so-called nuclear option. 
If I might say an additional word 
about the so-called nuclear option, I came to the Senate in 2003, which was when our Democratic friends decided they would use cloture, which requires 60 votes to cut off debate, as a way of denying a Presidential nomination on a Federal circuit judge. It had never in the history of the Senate been used be-fore in that way. Cloture had been used twice, I believe, based on my research, to deny a sub-Cabinet member a posi-tion in the 1990s, but that was the first time it had ever been used on any such position with the exception of Abe Fortas. 
It is important, given all the misin-
formation that has been spread about the nuclear option, to know what the facts are. The tradition has always been in the Senate that Presidential 
nominations deserved an up-or-down, 51-majority vote. That has basically been the tradition. Even with the most controversial nominations, such as that of Clarence Thomas, the Supreme Court Justice—I believe the vote was 52 to 48—there never was a suggestion that someone might use cloture to re-quire it to be 60 votes. Cloture didn’t apply to nominations until 1949, so it was never used between the time Jef-ferson wrote the rules at the beginning of the Senate and 1949. 
It was first used in 1968, but not real-
ly. President Johnson was trying to save face for Abe Fortas, his friend who was a Supreme Court Justice. He had nominated him for Chief Justice. A problem came out, and President John-son engineered a 45-to-43 cloture vote, which Fortas ‘‘won.’’ 
That is really the only exception in 
the whole history of the Senate until 2003, when the Senate said it is going to take 60 votes to confirm a Presi-dential nomination for a judge rather than the traditional 51. 
I have talked to several of my col-
leagues on the other side about this issue. They are fairly straightforward about why they did it. They thought President George W. Bush’s nominees were ‘‘too conservative.’’ 
I knew some of those judges—Judge 
Pickering of Mississippi, for example. He put his children into a public school in Mississippi in the 1960s, and he was being accused of being a segregationist when he was actually leading the charge in his State of Mississippi to de-segregate the public schools. 
William Pryor of Alabama was a law 
clerk for Judge John Minor Wisdom. I know the distinguished Senator from Utah, who was a Supreme Court law clerk, knows of Judge Wisdom. He was regarded by everyone as one of the fin-est Federal circuit judges in the coun-try. He had the greatest respect for William Pryor. He would have been shocked to hear what was said about him at the time. 
It was a shocking thing to me to ar-
rive in the Senate in 2003 and find my friends on the other side of the aisle for the first time in Senate history saying it would take 60 votes to confirm Presi-dent Bush’s judges. I strongly objected to that. I even suggested that if a few Senators on this side and a few Sen-ators on that side would work together, we could break the stalemate. A Gang of 14 was created. It did break the stalemate, but as a result, five judges nominated by George W. Bush were not confirmed because the other side de-cided they didn’t like their philo-sophical views. So instead of a 51-vote margin, they required 60, and so they weren’t confirmed. 
This is the tally in the history of the 
Senate. The number of Supreme Court nominees in the history of our country who have ever had their nomination denied by filibuster, by a cloture vote, is zero, with the exception of the Fortas nomination, if you want to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S784 February 4, 2015 
count that. Not a single one. Supreme 
Court nominations are among the most controversial nominations ever before the Senate. 
The number of Cabinet members who 
have ever had their nominations denied by a filibuster, by requiring 60 votes in the history of the Senate—zero. Not one. Not an Obama nominee. Not a Clinton nominee. Not a Bush nominee. Zero. Not one. 
Let’s go to district judges. There has 
been a lot of talk about district judges and how difficult it was for President Obama to have district judges con-firmed. There is no truth to that what-soever. I was in the Senate; I know that. I will give an example. There was an effort to deny a seat to a judge from the State of Rhode Island by 60 votes, a judge whom I didn’t support, but I and a group of other Republicans made sure we did not use cloture to deny a seat to a President’s district judge nominee for the first time in history, and so we did not. 
So the number of Federal district 
judges in the history of the United States who have ever had their nomi-nation denied by a filibuster, by the 60- vote cloture rule, is zero. 
So Supreme Court Justices, except 
for Fortas, Cabinet members, district judges—zero. Filibusters have not been widely used in the history of this Sen-ate to deny a President his nomina-tion. However, there are other prob-lems that nominations have. 
I was nominated once. I came to be 
nominated to be the Secretary of the Department of Education. A Senator from Ohio, Senator Metzenbaum, put a so-called secret hold on my nomination and held me up for 3 months, but then when I came to the floor, I was con-firmed. We have abolished those kinds of secret holds. We have made changes in the rules to make it easier for the President’s nominees to be confirmed. 
There have been seven sub-Cabinet 
members, including John Bolton— three Republicans and four Demo-crats—who have had their nominations rejected because of a cloture vote, all since 1994. So no Cabinet members, no Supreme Court Justices, no district judges, seven sub-Cabinet members. 
What is the score on circuit judges? 
This is what brought up the fuss in 2003 when the Democrats filibustered 10 nominations because they were too conservative. As I mentioned earlier, five were confirmed and five were re-jected as part of the compromise. Since that time, Republicans have rejected two Democrats. So the score is the Democrats have rejected five Federal Circuit judges and Republicans re-jected two. Republicans actually re-jected three others, but that led to the events of November 21, 2013, when the Democrats broke the rules to change the rules. 
It would be as if in a Super Bowl or 
in a playoff game, let’s say, Seattle gained 9 yards and they needed 10, so they changed the rules because they were the home team and said that is a first down. No one would have any re-
spect for the game if they did that, and no one will have any respect for the Senate if we keep doing that, which is the point Senator L
EEand I would like 
to make because the tradition of the Senate has always been to give to a President the prerogative of allowing his nominations to be confirmed by 51 votes or a simple majority of Senators duly chosen and sworn. We propose to change the rule to reflect the tradition of the Senate. 
Some say: Well, why don’t you do to 
them what they did to you? 
I don’t think that is a very good way 
to live your life. I mean, if the Demo-crats did the wrong thing, if they brought the Senate to its knees, if they made the Senate into a place that doesn’t follow its own rules, then we should do that to them? No. I think what we should do is replace bad be-havior with good behavior, and good behavior means we adopt changes to the rules in the way the rules require, which is, in effect, 67 votes or two- thirds of the Senators present and vot-ing. 
So we will be offering our resolution, 
as we do today. We will be offering it in the Senate Rules Committee. We hope the Senate Rules Committee will ap-prove it and report it to the floor. We hope Senator M
CCONNELL will find 
time on the floor to bring it up. We hope that 67 of our colleagues will agree with it. We will show the country that we know how to follow our own rules and that we know how to take the tradition of the Senate, which has been there since Thomas Jefferson wrote the rules, with very few excep-tions, to make sure that Presidential nominees are entitled to an up-or-down vote by a majority of the Senate. That has been the rule, that has been the tradition, and that should be the rule, and the rules should be changed in the way that rules are supposed to be changed. 
There is one other issue I wish to 
mention without going into any length about it. What happened in the Senate on November 21, 2013, was the lowest point in the Senate that I have seen. The majority decided that because it didn’t have the votes to put three judges—liberal judges—on the DC Court of Appeals, it would break the rules to change the rules, and it just put them there anyway. It pretended that the reason it did that was because President Obama couldn’t get his nominees confirmed. 
Well, on every Senator’s desk is an 
Executive Calendar. Everyone who can be confirmed has been reported by a committee to the floor and is listed on the Executive Calendar. There is only one way to get on this calendar—there was only one way on November 21, 2013, and that was for a Democratic major-ity in a committee to report a nominee to the floor of the Senate. That was the only way you could get there. Repub-licans couldn’t do it; only the Demo-crats could. So on November 21, 2013 the calendar was filled only with peo-
ple the Democratic majority had ap-proved of. 
There was only one way for anyone 
to get off the Executive Calendar and onto the floor of the Senate to be con-firmed, and that was for the Demo-cratic leader, the majority leader, to move to do that. We can’t object to that. We have to vote on it. There is no motion to proceed with a nomination; he can bring it up anytime he wants to. 
The charge was made that there was 
a big backlog of people on this cal-endar. Well, here are the facts, and anyone who doubts it can look at the Executive Calendar for November 21, 2013, and they will see what the back-log was. There were 78 regular order nominations on November 21, 2013. Fifty-four of those nominees had been on the calendar less than 3 weeks. Six-teen had been on the calendar between 3 and 9 weeks. Eight had been on the calendar for more than 9 weeks. 
There was an informal agreement be-
tween the floor staffs that 40 of the uncontroversial nominees on this cal-endar—40 of the 78—could be confirmed before the Senate left at the end of the week. 
Let me use a specific example—dis-
trict judges. We hear a lot about dis-trict judges. We had changed the rules at the request of the majority leader to make it easier to confirm district judges. We basically said that there could only be 2 hours of debate on a district judge and the majority could give back 1 of those hours. 
On the date the Democrats said there 
was a big backlog, there were 13 dis-trict judges on the calendar. Those were the only ones who could have been brought up by the majority lead-er. One had been waiting for more than 9 weeks. Four had been waiting for be-tween 3 and 9 weeks. Eight had been waiting for less than 3 weeks. But the important point is that we could have confirmed them all over the weekend. All the majority leader had to do was to move the nomination of each of the 13, wait an intervening day, and then if they did that on Thursday, the inter-vening day would be Friday, and then we would come back on Monday and we would have 1 hour of debate for each of those nominations. So there was no ex-cuse. There was no backlog. 
The Washington Post and the Con-
gressional Research Service said that President Obama’s nominees were mov-ing through the Senate at about the same speed that President Clinton and President George W. Bush’s nominees had been at that time in their terms. That is what the Congressional Re-search Service and the Washington Post said. 
The calendar speaks the truth about 
the absence of a backlog. And I was in-volved three times in working to change the rules to make it easier to do Presidential nominations. It was nothing more than a power grab. So our friends should just admit that and admit that it was the wrong thing to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S785 February 4, 2015 
do for the Senate. A lot of Senators 
weren’t here then. 
The resolution Senator L EEand I 
have proposed gives the Senate a chance to abandon bad behavior and 
begin to adopt good behavior, to take a tradition of the Senate that has been followed almost without exception since 1789 and make it the order of the day and to do it the way the Senate rules say it should be done—with 67 votes. 
In closing, let me simply say that I 
appreciate the fact that I am able to work on this with Senator L
EE. This 
legislation developed really from a con-versation and a suggestion he made to me on the floor of this Senate. I thought about it, and I said: I think you may be right about that. We worked together, and because of his background in the law and his experi-ence in the Supreme Court, his leader-ship on this issue has been invaluable. 
I thank the Senator for his sugges-
tions, I thank him for his leadership, and I look forward to working with him when it comes before the Senate Rules Committee. I hope we can per-suade our fellow Senators in a bipar-tisan way that a good way to begin this year would be to begin to change the rules the right way and to reject the bad behavior and bad habits of the last session of Congress. 
I yield the floor. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak briefly in support of this resolu-tion. First of all, I wish to thank my distinguished colleague, the senior Senator from Tennessee, for his leader-ship in introducing this legislation. The Senator from Tennessee has shown great leadership on this issue. With his mastery of the Senate rules, his famili-arity with the procedures of the Sen-ate, the Senate’s history, and his love for the Senate as an institution, the sponsor of this measure understands and appreciates the importance of maintaining order in the Senate. It is to this issue I would like to speak briefly. 
When the Senate made this change in 
November of 2013, what happened was all of a sudden we had a split—a split that occurred between on the one hand the wording of the rule itself that gov-erns cloture, on the other hand the precedent by which the Senate pur-ports to be governed. So separate and apart from what the history tells us— from how often the Senate either has or hasn’t used cloture on the Executive Calendar—there is this separate dis-tinction that has now arisen. 
The cloture rule says it takes three- 
fifths—a vote of three-fifths of the Sen-ators—to bring end to debate on a par-ticular matter. The rule itself makes no distinction between the Executive Calendar and the legislative calendar. It makes no distinction between ordi-nary legislative business where we are legislating and making law on the one hand and on the other we are meeting to decide whether to confirm a Presi-dential nominee. The rule doesn’t dis-tinguish, but the precedent now does. When our colleagues on other side of 
the aisle voted in November 2013, ap-pealing the ruling of the Chair, they re-versed the precedent. They acted con-trary to the language of the rule itself. This creates a certain amount of uncer-tainty, and that uncertainty I think needs to be resolved. We don’t want to operate in an environment in which we have the rule saying one thing and the Senate precedent saying another thing. 
So it was out of a certain amount of 
practical necessity that we looked to this as an alternative. In order to bring Senate practice back into harmony with the rules of the Senate, the best way we could come up with to do that would be to change the language of the rule. 
Of course to change the language of 
the rule it takes 67 votes. While we are not certain what is going to happen, this is perhaps the only thing we could think of that could possibly get 67 votes—67 Senators saying yes, we can do that. 
So it is very important that we have 
rules that are clear—rules that will apply regardless of who is in the White House, regardless of which party hap-pens to control the majority of the seats in this body. If, after all, we are making the rules that would govern the country, if, after all, we are being asked to confirm Presidential nomi-nees to high positions, we need to be following our own rules. 
We have to remember also that one 
of the things we have prided ourselves on, one of the things that has distin-guished the Senate from other legisla-tive bodies—we call ourselves the world’s greatest deliberative legisla-tive body—is because from the very be-ginning this has been the kind of place where in theory we will continue to de-bate things as long as basically any one Member wants to continue to de-bate. Cloture is an exception to that. Cloture allows for three-fifths of the Senators present to decide it is time to bring the debate to an end, even if a minority of Senators want to continue. But it requires a supermajority. 
There are many reasons to do this, 
but one of the reasons I think is impor-tant to point out is because it protects the right of each Senator to continue to offer improvements, to point out flaws and offer potential improvements to legislation—the amendment process. The amendment process is itself of course different in the context of legis-lation than it is in the context of a Presidential nominee. 
I am personally not aware of any 
means by which one can amend a nomi-nee. I am not aware of any process by which one can confirm a Presidential nominee’s right hand but not his left. 
I support this change. I think this 
change is important for this body and for the continuity of the Senate rules and I am grateful to the senior Senator from Tennessee for his efforts in this regard, which I wholeheartedly sup-port. SENATE RESOLUTION 68—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE JANU-ARY 24, 2015, ATTACKS CARRIED OUT BY RUSSIAN-BACKED REBELS ON THE CIVILIAN POPU-LATION IN MARIUPOL, UKRAINE, AND THE PROVISION OF LETHAL AND NON-LETHAL MILITARY AS-
SISTANCE TO UKRAINE 
Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 68 
Whereas Russian-backed rebels continue to 
expand their campaign in Ukraine, which has already claimed more than 5,000 lives and generated an estimated 1,500,000 refugees and internally displaced persons; 
Whereas, on January 23, 2015, Russian 
rebels pulled out of peace talks with Western leaders; 
Whereas, on January 24, 2015, the Ukrain-
ian port city of Mariupol received rocket fire from territory in the Donetsk region con-trolled by rebels; 
Whereas, on January 24, 2015, Alexander 
Zakharchenko, leader of the Russian-backed rebel Donetsk People’s Republic, publicly announced that his troops had launched an offensive against Mariupol; 
Whereas Mariupol is strategically located 
on the Sea of Azov and is a sea link between Russian-occupied Crimea and Russia, and could be used to form part of a land bridge between Crimea and Russia; 
Whereas the indiscriminate attack on 
Mariupol killed 30 people, including 2 chil-dren, and wounded 102 in markets, homes, and schools; 
Whereas any group that fires rockets 
knowingly into a civilian population is com-mitting war crimes and is in violation of international humanitarian law; 
Whereas, even after the Russian Federa-
tion and the Russian-backed rebels signed a ceasefire agreement called the Minsk Pro-tocol in September 2014, NATO’s Supreme Allied Commander, General Philip Breedlove, reported in November 2014 the movement of ‘‘Russian troops, Russian artil-lery, Russian air defense systems, and Rus-sian combat troops’’ into Ukraine; 
Whereas, on January 24, 2015, NATO Sec-
retary General Jens Stoltenberg stated, ‘‘For several months we have seen the presence of Russian forces in eastern Ukraine, as well as a substantial increase in Russian heavy equipment such as tanks, artillery, and ad-vanced air defense systems. Russian troops in eastern Ukraine are supporting offensive operations with command and control sys-tems, air defense systems with advanced sur-face-to-air missiles, unmanned aerial sys-tems, advanced multiple rocket launcher systems, and electronic warfare systems.’’; 
Whereas, on January 25, 2015, after Rus-
sian-backed rebels attacked Mariupol, Euro-pean Council President Donald Tusk wrote, ‘‘Once again appeasement encourages the ag-gressor to greater acts of violence; time to step up our policy based on cold facts, not il-lusions.’’; 
Whereas, on November 19, 2014, at a Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate confirmation hearing, Deputy National Secu-rity Adviser Anthony Blinken stated that the provision of defensive lethal assistance to the Government of Ukraine ‘‘remains on the table. It’s something we’re looking at.’’; 
Whereas the Ukraine Freedom Support Act 
(Public Law 113-272), which was passed by Congress unanimously and signed into law by the President on December 18, 2014, states 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S786 February 4, 2015 
that it is the policy of the United States to 
further assist the Government of Ukraine in restoring its sovereignty and its territorial integrity to deter the Government of the Russian Federation from further desta-bilizing and invading Ukraine and other independent countries in Central and East-ern Europe, the Caucasus, and Central Asia; and 
Whereas the Ukraine Freedom Support Act 
authorizes $350,000,000 in fiscal years 2015– 2017 for the President to provide the Govern-ment of Ukraine with defense articles, de-fense services, and military training for the purpose of countering offensive weapons and reestablishing the sovereignty and terri-torial integrity of Ukraine, including anti- tank and anti-armor weapons; crew weapons and ammunition; counter-artillery radars; fire control and guidance equipment; surveil-lance drones; and secure command and com-munications equipment: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns the attack on Mariupol by 
Russian-backed rebels; 
(2) urges the President to provide lethal 
and non-lethal military assistance to Ukraine as unanimously supported by Con-gress in the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (Public Law 113-272); 
(3) calls on the United States, its European 
allies, and the international community to continue to apply economic and other forms of pressure on the Russian Federation, espe-cially in the form of sanctions, if the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation continues to refuse to cease its aggression in Ukraine; 
(4) calls on the Government of the Russian 
Federation to immediately end its support for the rebels in eastern Ukraine, allow Ukraine to regain control of its internation-ally-recognized borders, and withdraw its military presence in eastern Ukraine; and 
(5) expresses solidarity with the people of 
Ukraine regarding the humanitarian crisis in their country and the destruction caused by the military, financial, and ideological sup-port of the Government of the Russian Fed-eration for the rebels in eastern Ukraine. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 249. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 249. Ms. COLLINS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 240, making appro-priations for the Department of Home-land Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
TITLE I 
DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT AND 
OPERATIONS 
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY AND EXECUTIVE  
MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Secretary of Homeland Security, as author-ized by section 102 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112), and executive man-agement of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, as authorized by law, $132,573,000: Pro-
vided , That not to exceed $45,000 shall be for 
official reception and representation ex-penses: Provided further , That all official 
costs associated with the use of government aircraft by Department of Homeland Secu-rity personnel to support official travel of the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary shall be paid from amounts made available for the Immediate Office of the Secretary and the Immediate Office of the Deputy Sec-retary: Provided further , That not later than 
30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committees on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, a com-prehensive plan for implementation of the biometric entry and exit data system re-quired under section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), including the estimated costs for implementation. 
O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  
MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Under Secretary for Management, as author-ized by sections 701 through 705 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 through 345), $187,503,000, of which not to ex-ceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided , That of 
the total amount made available under this heading, $4,493,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, solely for the alter-ation and improvement of facilities, tenant improvements, and relocation costs to con-solidate Department headquarters oper-ations at the Nebraska Avenue Complex; and $6,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016, for the Human Resources In-formation Technology program: Provided fur-
ther, That the Under Secretary for Manage-
ment shall include in the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016, submitted pur-suant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a Comprehensive Acquisition Status Report, which shall include the infor-mation required under the heading ‘‘Office of the Under Secretary for Management’’ under title I of division D of the Consolidated Ap-
propriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74), and shall submit quarterly updates to such report not later than 45 days after the com-pletion of each quarter. 
O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Chief Financial Officer, as authorized by sec-tion 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), $52,020,000: Provided , That the 
Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, at the time the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 is submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Future Years Homeland Security Program, as authorized by section 874 of Public Law 107–296 (6 U.S.C. 454). 
O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Chief Information Officer, as authorized by section 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), and Department-wide technology investments, $288,122,000; of which $99,028,000 shall be available for sala-ries and expenses; and of which $189,094,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016, shall be available for development and acqui-sition of information technology equipment, software, services, and related activities for the Department of Homeland Security. A
NALYSIS AND OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for intelligence 
analysis and operations coordination activi-ties, as authorized by title II of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), $255,804,000; of which not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; and of which $102,479,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016. 
O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For necessary expenses of the Office of In-
spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $118,617,000; of which not to ex-ceed $300,000 may be used for certain con-fidential operational expenses, including the payment of informants, to be expended at the direction of the Inspector General. 
TITLE II 
SECURITY, ENFORCEMENT, AND 
INVESTIGATIONS 
U
NITED STATES CUSTOMS AND BORDER  
PROTECTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for enforcement of 
laws relating to border security, immigra-tion, customs, agricultural inspections and regulatory activities related to plant and animal imports, and transportation of unac-companied minor aliens; purchase and lease 
of up to 7,500 (6,500 for replacement only) po-lice-type vehicles; and contracting with indi-viduals for personal services abroad; $8,459,657,000; of which $3,274,000 shall be de-rived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for administrative expenses related to the collection of the Harbor Maintenance Fee pursuant to section 9505(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9505(c)(3)) and notwithstanding section 1511(e)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 551(e)(1)); of which $30,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2016, solely for the purpose of hiring, training, and equipping United States Customs and Border Protection officers at ports of entry; of which not to exceed $34,425 shall be for offi-cial reception and representation expenses; of which such sums as become available in the Customs User Fee Account, except sums subject to section 13031(f)(3) of the Consoli-dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(3)), shall be derived from that account; of which not to exceed $150,000 shall be available for payment for rental space in connection with preclearance oper-ations; and of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to in-formants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided , That for fiscal year 2015, 
the overtime limitation prescribed in section 5(c)(1) of the Act of February 13, 1911 (19 U.S.C. 267(c)(1)) shall be $35,000; and notwith-standing any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to compensate any employee of United States Customs and Border Protec-tion for overtime, from whatever source, in an amount that exceeds such limitation, ex-cept in individual cases determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the des-ignee of the Secretary, to be necessary for national security purposes, to prevent exces-sive costs, or in cases of immigration emer-gencies: Provided further , That the Border 
Patrol shall maintain an active duty pres-ence of not less than 21,370 full-time equiva-lent agents protecting the borders of the United States in the fiscal year. 
AUTOMATION MODERNIZATION  
For necessary expenses for United States 
Customs and Border Protection for operation and improvement of automated systems, in-cluding salaries and expenses, $808,169,000; of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S787 February 4, 2015 
which $446,075,000 shall remain available 
until September 30, 2017; and of which not less than $140,970,000 shall be for the develop-ment of the Automated Commercial Envi-ronment. 
BORDER SECURITY FENCING , INFRASTRUCTURE , 
AND TECHNOLOGY  
For expenses for border security fencing, 
infrastructure, and technology, $382,466,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
AIR AND MARINE OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for the operations, 
maintenance, and procurement of marine vessels, aircraft, unmanned aircraft systems, the Air and Marine Operations Center, and other related equipment of the air and ma-rine program, including salaries and ex-penses, operational training, and mission-re-lated travel, the operations of which include the following: the interdiction of narcotics and other goods; the provision of support to Federal, State, and local agencies in the en-forcement or administration of laws enforced by the Department of Homeland Security; and, at the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the provision of assist-ance to Federal, State, and local agencies in other law enforcement and emergency hu-manitarian efforts; $750,469,000; of which $299,800,000 shall be available for salaries and expenses; and of which $450,669,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2017: Pro-
vided , That no aircraft or other related 
equipment, with the exception of aircraft that are one of a kind and have been identi-fied as excess to United States Customs and Border Protection requirements and aircraft that have been damaged beyond repair, shall be transferred to any other Federal agency, department, or office outside of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security during fiscal year 2015 without prior notice to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives: Provided fur-
ther, That funding made available under this 
heading shall be available for customs ex-penses when necessary to maintain or to temporarily increase operations in Puerto Rico: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, on any changes to the 5-year strategic plan for the air and marine program required under the heading ‘‘Air and Marine Interdic-tion, Operations, and Maintenance’’ in Pub-lic Law 112–74. 
CONSTRUCTION AND FACILITIES MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses to plan, acquire, 
construct, renovate, equip, furnish, operate, manage, and maintain buildings, facilities, and related infrastructure necessary for the administration and enforcement of the laws relating to customs, immigration, and bor-der security, $288,821,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
U
NITED STATES IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS  
ENFORCEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for enforcement of 
immigration and customs laws, detention and removals, and investigations, including intellectual property rights and overseas vetted units operations; and purchase and lease of up to 3,790 (2,350 for replacement only) police-type vehicles; $5,932,756,000; of which not to exceed $10,000,000 shall be avail-able until expended for conducting special operations under section 3131 of the Customs Enforcement Act of 1986 (19 U.S.C. 2081); of which not to exceed $11,475 shall be for offi-cial reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of 
the Secretary of Homeland Security; of which not less than $305,000 shall be for pro-motion of public awareness of the child por-nography tipline and activities to counter child exploitation; of which not less than $5,400,000 shall be used to facilitate agree-ments consistent with section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)); of which not to exceed $40,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, is for maintenance, construction, and lease hold improvements at owned and leased fa-cilities; and of which not to exceed $11,216,000 shall be available to fund or reimburse other Federal agencies for the costs associated with the care, maintenance, and repatriation of smuggled aliens unlawfully present in the United States: Provided , That none of the 
funds made available under this heading shall be available to compensate any em-ployee for overtime in an annual amount in excess of $35,000, except that the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive that amount as nec-essary for national security purposes and in cases of immigration emergencies: Provided 
further , That of the total amount provided, 
$15,770,000 shall be for activities to enforce laws against forced child labor, of which not to exceed $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That of the 
total amount available, not less than $1,600,000,000 shall be available to identify aliens convicted of a crime who may be de-portable, and to remove them from the United States once they are judged deport-able: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall prioritize the iden-tification and removal of aliens convicted of a crime by the severity of that crime: Pro-
vided further , That funding made available 
under this heading shall maintain a level of not less than 34,000 detention beds through September 30, 2015: Provided further , That of 
the total amount provided, not less than $3,431,444,000 is for detention, enforcement, and removal operations, including transpor-tation of unaccompanied minor aliens: Pro-
vided further , That of the amount provided 
for Custody Operations in the previous pro-viso, $45,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further , That of 
the total amount provided for the Visa Secu-rity Program and international investiga-tions, $43,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided further , That not 
less than $15,000,000 shall be available for in-vestigation of intellectual property rights violations, including operation of the Na-tional Intellectual Property Rights Coordi-
nation Center: Provided further , That none of 
the funds provided under this heading may be used to continue a delegation of law en-forcement authority authorized under sec-tion 287(g) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)) if the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General de-termines that the terms of the agreement governing the delegation of authority have been materially violated: Provided further , 
That none of the funds provided under this heading may be used to continue any con-tract for the provision of detention services if the two most recent overall performance evaluations received by the contracted facil-ity are less than ‘‘adequate’’ or the equiva-lent median score in any subsequent per-formance evaluation system: Provided fur-
ther, That nothing under this heading shall 
prevent United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement from exercising those au-thorities provided under immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))) during priority operations per-taining to aliens convicted of a crime: Pro-
vided further , That without regard to the lim-itation as to time and condition of section 
503(d) of this Act, the Secretary may propose to reprogram and transfer funds within and into this appropriation necessary to ensure the detention of aliens prioritized for re-moval. 
AUTOMATION MODERNIZATION  
For expenses of immigration and customs 
enforcement automated systems, $26,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
T
RANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
AVIATION SECURITY  
For necessary expenses of the Transpor-
tation Security Administration related to providing civil aviation security services pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Public Law 107–71; 115 Stat. 597; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note), $5,639,095,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2016; of which not to exceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Pro-
vided , That any award to deploy explosives 
detection systems shall be based on risk, the airport’s current reliance on other screening solutions, lobby congestion resulting in in-creased security concerns, high injury rates, airport readiness, and increased cost effec-tiveness: Provided further , That security serv-
ice fees authorized under section 44940 of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collec-tions and shall be available only for aviation security: Provided further , That the sum ap-
propriated under this heading from the gen-eral fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dol-lar basis as such offsetting collections are re-ceived during fiscal year 2015 so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $3,574,095,000: Provided further , That the fees 
deposited under this heading in fiscal year 2013 and sequestered pursuant to section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), that are currently unavailable for obligation, are hereby permanently cancelled: Provided fur-
ther, That notwithstanding section 44923 of 
title 49, United States Code, for fiscal year 2015, any funds in the Aviation Security Cap-ital Fund established by section 44923(h) of title 49, United States Code, may be used for the procurement and installation of explo-sives detection systems or for the issuance of other transaction agreements for the pur-pose of funding projects described in section 44923(a) of such title: Provided further , That 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, mobile explosives detection equipment pur-chased and deployed using funds made avail-able under this heading may be moved and redeployed to meet evolving passenger and baggage screening security priorities at air-ports: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available in this Act may be used for any recruiting or hiring of personnel into the Transportation Security Administration that would cause the agency to exceed a staffing level of 45,000 full-time equivalent screeners: Provided further , That the pre-
ceding proviso shall not apply to personnel hired as part-time employees: Provided fur-
ther, That not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a detailed report on— 
(1) the Department of Homeland Security 
efforts and resources being devoted to de-velop more advanced integrated passenger screening technologies for the most effective security of passengers and baggage at the lowest possible operating and acquisition costs, including projected funding levels for each fiscal year for the next 5 years or until project completion, whichever is earlier; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S788 February 4, 2015 
(2) how the Transportation Security Ad-
ministration is deploying its existing pas-senger and baggage screener workforce in the most cost effective manner; and 
(3) labor savings from the deployment of 
improved technologies for passenger and baggage screening and how those savings are being used to offset security costs or rein-vested to address security vulnerabilities: 
Provided further , That not later than April 15, 
2015, the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a semiannual report updating information on a strategy to increase the number of air pas-sengers eligible for expedited screening, in-cluding: 
(1) specific benchmarks and performance 
measures to increase participation in Pre- Check by air carriers, airports, and pas-sengers; 
(2) options to facilitate direct application 
for enrollment in Pre-Check through the Transportation Security Administration’s Web site, airports, and other enrollment lo-cations; 
(3) use of third parties to pre-screen pas-
sengers for expedited screening; 
(4) inclusion of populations already vetted 
by the Transportation Security Administra-tion and other trusted populations as eligible for expedited screening; 
(5) resource implications of expedited pas-
senger screening resulting from the use of risk-based security methods; and 
(6) the total number and percentage of pas-
sengers using Pre-Check lanes who: 
(A) have enrolled in Pre-Check since 
Transportation Security Administration en-rollment centers were established; 
(B) enrolled using the Transportation Se-
curity Administration’s Pre-Check applica-tion Web site; 
(C) were enrolled as frequent flyers of a 
participating airline; 
(D) utilized Pre-Check as a result of their 
enrollment in a Trusted Traveler program of United States Customs and Border Protec-tion; 
(E) were selectively identified to partici-
pate in expedited screening through the use of Managed Inclusion in fiscal year 2014; and 
(F) are enrolled in all other Pre-Check cat-
egories: 
Provided further , That Members of the United 
States House of Representatives and United States Senate, including the leadership; the heads of Federal agencies and commissions, including the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, Under Secretaries, and Assistant Secretaries of the Department of Homeland Security; the United States Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, Assistant Attorneys Gen-eral, and the United States Attorneys; and senior members of the Executive Office of the President, including the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall not be exempt from Federal passenger and bag-gage screening. 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY  
For necessary expenses of the Transpor-
tation Security Administration related to surface transportation security activities, $123,749,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016. 
INTELLIGENCE AND VETTING  
For necessary expenses for the develop-
ment and implementation of intelligence and vetting activities, $219,166,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016. 
TRANSPORTATION SECURITY SUPPORT  
For necessary expenses of the Transpor-
tation Security Administration related to transportation security support pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Public Law 107–71; 115 Stat. 597; 49 
U.S.C. 40101 note), $917,226,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided , 
That not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives— 
(1) a report providing evidence dem-
onstrating that behavioral indicators can be used to identify passengers who may pose a threat to aviation security and the plans that will be put into place to collect addi-tional performance data; and 
(2) a report addressing each of the rec-
ommendations outlined in the report enti-tled ‘‘TSA Needs Additional Information Be-fore Procuring Next-Generation Systems’’, published by the Government Accountability Office on March 31, 2014, and describing the steps the Transportation Security Adminis-tration is taking to implement acquisition best practices, increase industry engage-ment, and improve transparency with regard to technology acquisition programs: 
Provided further , That of the funds provided 
under this heading, $25,000,000 shall be with-held from obligation for Headquarters Ad-ministration until the submission of the re-ports required by paragraphs (1) and (2) of the preceding proviso. 
C
OAST GUARD  
OPERATING EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for the operation 
and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for; purchase or lease of not to exceed 25 passenger motor vehicles, which shall be for replacement only; pur-chase or lease of small boats for contingent and emergent requirements (at a unit cost of no more than $700,000) and repairs and serv-ice-life replacements, not to exceed a total of $31,000,000; purchase or lease of boats nec-essary for overseas deployments and activi-ties; minor shore construction projects not exceeding $1,000,000 in total cost on any loca-tion; payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 (42 U.S.C. 402 note; 96 Stat. 1920); and recreation and welfare; 
$7,043,318,000, of which $553,000,000 shall be for defense-related activities, of which $213,000,000 is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 and shall be available only if the President subsequently so des-ignates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress; of which $24,500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the pur-poses of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)); and of which not to exceed $15,300 shall be for official re-ception and representation expenses: Pro-
vided , That none of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be for expenses incurred for recreational vessels under section 12114 of title 46, United States Code, except to the ex-tent fees are collected from owners of yachts and credited to this appropriation: Provided 
further , That to the extent fees are insuffi-
cient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documentation under such section 12114, and there is a backlog of recreational vessel ap-plications, then personnel performing non- recreational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform docu-mentation under section 12114: Provided fur-
ther, That of the funds provided under this 
heading, $85,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation for Coast Guard Headquarters Di-rectorates until a future-years capital in-vestment plan for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, as specified under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Construction, and Im-
provements’’ of this Act, is submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives: Provided 
further , That funds made available under this 
heading for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism may be allo-cated by program, project, and activity, not-withstanding section 503 of this Act: Provided 
further , That , without regard to the limita-
tion as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, after June 30, up to $10,000,000 may be reprogrammed to or from Military Pay and Allowances in accordance with subsections (a), (b), and (c) of section 503. 
ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND  
RESTORATION  
For necessary expenses to carry out the 
environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, $13,197,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
RESERVE TRAINING  
For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard 
Reserve, as authorized by law; operations and maintenance of the Coast Guard reserve program; personnel and training costs; and equipment and services; $114,572,000. 
ACQUISITION , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  
For necessary expenses of acquisition, con-
struction, renovation, and improvement of aids to navigation, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto; and maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equip-ment; as authorized by law; $1,225,223,000; of which $20,000,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)); and of which the following amounts shall be available until September 30, 2019 (except as subsequently specified): $6,000,000 for mili-tary family housing; $824,347,000 to acquire, effect major repairs to, renovate, or improve vessels, small boats, and related equipment; $180,000,000 to acquire, effect major repairs to, renovate, or improve aircraft or increase aviation capability; $59,300,000 for other ac-quisition programs; $40,580,000 for shore fa-cilities and aids to navigation, including fa-cilities at Department of Defense installa-tions used by the Coast Guard; and $114,996,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2015, for personnel compensation and benefits and related costs: Provided , That 
the funds provided by this Act shall be im-mediately available and allotted to contract for the production of the eighth National Se-curity Cutter notwithstanding the avail-ability of funds for post-production costs: Provided further , That the Commandant of 
the Coast Guard shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, at the time the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 is sub-mitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future-years capital investment plan for the Coast Guard that identifies for each requested capital asset— 
(1) the proposed appropriations included in 
that budget; 
(2) the total estimated cost of completion, 
including and clearly delineating the costs of associated major acquisition systems infra-structure and transition to operations; 
(3) projected funding levels for each fiscal 
year for the next 5 fiscal years or until ac-quisition program baseline or project com-pletion, whichever is earlier; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S789 February 4, 2015 
(4) an estimated completion date at the 
projected funding levels; and 
(5) a current acquisition program baseline 
for each capital asset, as applicable, that— 
(A) includes the total acquisition cost of 
each asset, subdivided by fiscal year and in-cluding a detailed description of the purpose of the proposed funding levels for each fiscal year, including for each fiscal year funds re-quested for design, pre-acquisition activities, production, structural modifications, missionization, post-delivery, and transition to operations costs; 
(B) includes a detailed project schedule 
through completion, subdivided by fiscal year, that details— 
(i) quantities planned for each fiscal year; 
and 
(ii) major acquisition and project events, 
including development of operational re-quirements, contracting actions, design re-views, production, delivery, test and evalua-tion, and transition to operations, including necessary training, shore infrastructure, and logistics; 
(C) notes and explains any deviations in 
cost, performance parameters, schedule, or estimated date of completion from the origi-nal acquisition program baseline and the most recent baseline approved by the De-partment of Homeland Security’s Acquisi-tion Review Board, if applicable; 
(D) aligns the acquisition of each asset to 
mission requirements by defining existing capabilities of comparable legacy assets, identifying known capability gaps between such existing capabilities and stated mission requirements, and explaining how the acqui-sition of each asset will address such known capability gaps; 
(E) defines life-cycle costs for each asset 
and the date of the estimate on which such costs are based, including all associated costs of major acquisitions systems infra-structure and transition to operations, delin-eated by purpose and fiscal year for the pro-jected service life of the asset; 
(F) includes the earned value management 
system summary schedule performance index and cost performance index for each asset, if applicable; and 
(G) includes a phase-out and decommis-
sioning schedule delineated by fiscal year for each existing legacy asset that each asset is intended to replace or recapitalize: 
Provided further , That the Commandant of 
the Coast Guard shall ensure that amounts specified in the future-years capital invest-ment plan are consistent, to the maximum extent practicable, with proposed appropria-tions necessary to support the programs, projects, and activities of the Coast Guard in the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016, submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code: Pro-
vided further , That any inconsistencies be-
tween the capital investment plan and pro-posed appropriations shall be identified and justified: Provided further , That the Director 
of the Office of Management and Budget shall not delay the submission of the capital investment plan referred to by the preceding provisos: Provided further , That the Director 
of the Office of Management and Budget shall have no more than a single period of 10 consecutive business days to review the cap-ital investment plan prior to submission: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall notify the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives one day after the capital in-vestment plan is submitted to the Office of Management and Budget for review and the Director of the Office of Management and 
Budget shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives when such review is com-pleted: Provided further , That subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 6402 of Public Law 110–28 shall hereafter apply with respect to the amounts made available under this heading. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, AND 
EVALUATION  
For necessary expenses for applied sci-
entific research, development, test, and eval-uation; and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equip-ment; as authorized by law; $17,892,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017, of which $500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollu-tion Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)): Pro-
vided , That there may be credited to and 
used for the purposes of this appropriation funds received from State and local govern-ments, other public authorities, private sources, and foreign countries for expenses incurred for research, development, testing, and evaluation. 
RETIRED PAY  
For retired pay, including the payment of 
obligations otherwise chargeable to lapsed appropriations for this purpose, payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Pro-tection and Survivor Benefits Plans, pay-ment for career status bonuses, concurrent receipts, and combat-related special com-pensation under the National Defense Au-thorization Act, and payments for medical care of retired personnel and their depend-ents under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, $1,450,626,000, to remain avail-able until expended. 
U
NITED STATES SECRET SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the United 
States Secret Service, including purchase of not to exceed 652 vehicles for police-type use for replacement only; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of motorcycles made in the United States; hire of aircraft; services of expert witnesses at such rates as may be determined by the Director of the United States Secret Service; rental of build-ings in the District of Columbia, and fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Govern-ment ownership or control, as may be nec-essary to perform protective functions; pay-ment of per diem or subsistence allowances to employees in cases in which a protective assignment on the actual day or days of the visit of a protectee requires an employee to work 16 hours per day or to remain overnight at a post of duty; conduct of and participa-tion in firearms matches; presentation of awards; travel of United States Secret Serv-ice employees on protective missions with-out regard to the limitations on such ex-penditures in this or any other Act if ap-proval is obtained in advance from the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives; research and development; grants to conduct behavioral research in support of protective research and operations; and payment in advance for commercial accommodations as may be nec-essary to perform protective functions; $1,615,860,000; of which not to exceed $19,125 shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be to provide technical assistance and equipment to foreign law enforcement orga-nizations in counterfeit investigations; of which $2,366,000 shall be for forensic and re-
lated support of investigations of missing and exploited children; of which $6,000,000 shall be for a grant for activities related to investigations of missing and exploited chil-dren and shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016; and of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be for activities related to training in electronic crimes investigations and forensics: Provided , That $18,000,000 for 
protective travel shall remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided further , 
That $4,500,000 for National Special Security Events shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016: Provided further , That the 
United States Secret Service is authorized to obligate funds in anticipation of reimburse-ments from Federal agencies and entities, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, for personnel receiving training spon-sored by the James J. Rowley Training Cen-ter, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budg-etary resources available under this heading at the end of the fiscal year: Provided further , 
That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to com-pensate any employee for overtime in an an-nual amount in excess of $35,000, except that the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive that amount as necessary for national security purposes: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous ap-propriations Acts may be made available for the protection of the head of a Federal agen-cy other than the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity: Provided further , That the Director of 
the United States Secret Service may enter into an agreement to provide such protection on a fully reimbursable basis: Provided fur-
ther, That none of the funds made available 
to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous appropriations Acts may be obligated for the purpose of opening a new permanent domestic or overseas office or lo-cation unless the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives are notified 15 days in advance of such obligation: Provided further , That not 
later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Director of the United States Secret Service shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a report providing evidence that the United States Secret Service has sufficiently reviewed its professional standards of conduct; and has issued new guidance and procedures for the conduct of employees when engaged in over-seas operations and protective missions, con-sistent with the critical missions of, and the unique position of public trust occupied by, the United States Secret Service: Provided 
further , That of the funds provided under this 
heading, $10,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation for Headquarters, Management and Administration until such report is sub-mitted: Provided further , That for purposes of 
section 503(b) of this Act, $15,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less, may be transferred between Protection of Persons and Facilities and Domestic Field Operations. 
ACQUISITION , CONSTRUCTION , IMPROVEMENTS , 
AND RELATED EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for acquisition, 
construction, repair, alteration, and im-provement of physical and technological in-frastructure, $49,935,000; of which $5,380,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for acquisition, construction, im-provement, and maintenance of the James J. Rowley Training Center; and of which $44,555,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, shall be for Information Inte-gration and Technology Transformation pro-gram execution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S790 February 4, 2015 
TITLE III 
PROTECTION, PREPAREDNESS, 
RESPONSE, AND RECOVERY 
NATIONAL PROTECTION AND PROGRAMS  
DIRECTORATE  
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
For salaries and expenses of the Office of 
the Under Secretary for the National Protec-tion and Programs Directorate, support for operations, and information technology, $61,651,000: Provided , That not to exceed $3,825 
shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses: Provided further , That the 
President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016, submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, shall be detailed by office, and by program, project, and activ-ity level, for the National Protection and Programs Directorate. 
INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION AND  
INFORMATION SECURITY  
For necessary expenses for infrastructure 
protection and information security pro-grams and activities, as authorized by title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), $1,188,679,000, of which $225,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016: Provided , That if, due to 
delays in contract actions, the National Pro-tection and Programs Directorate will not fully obligate funds for Federal Network Se-curity or for Network Security Deployment program, project, and activities as provided in the accompanying statement and section 548 of this Act, such funds may be applied to Next Generation Networks program, project, and activities, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. 
FEDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE  
The revenues and collections of security 
fees credited to this account shall be avail-able until expended for necessary expenses related to the protection of federally owned and leased buildings and for the operations of the Federal Protective Service: Provided , 
That the Director of the Federal Protective Service shall submit at the time the Presi-dent’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 is submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a strategic human capital plan that aligns fee collections to personnel requirements based on a current threat assessment. 
OFFICE OF BIOMETRIC IDENTITY MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses for the Office of Bi-
ometric Identity Management, as authorized by section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), $252,056,000: Provided , That of 
the total amount made available under this heading, $122,150,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
O
FFICE OF HEALTH AFFAIRS  
For necessary expenses of the Office of 
Health Affairs, $129,358,000; of which $26,148,000 is for salaries and expenses and $86,891,000 is for BioWatch operations: Pro-
vided , That of the amount made available 
under this heading, $16,319,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, for bio-surveillance, chemical defense, medical and health planning and coordination, and work-force health protection: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency, $934,396,000, including activities authorized by the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), the Cerro Grande Fire Assistance Act of 2000 (division C, title I, 114 
Stat. 583), the Earthquake Hazards Reduc-tion Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2061 et seq.), sections 107 and 303 of the 
National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 404, 405), Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), the National Dam Safety Pro-gram Act (33 U.S.C. 467 et seq.), the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.), the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53), the Federal Fire Prevention and Con-trol Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.), the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Re-form Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–295; 120 Stat. 1394), the Biggert-Waters Flood Insur-ance Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–141, 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood In-surance Affordability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–89): Provided , That not to exceed $2,250 
shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses: Provided further , That of the 
total amount made available under this heading, $35,180,000 shall be for the Urban Search and Rescue Response System, of which none is available for Federal Emer-gency Management Agency administrative costs: Provided further , That of the total 
amount made available under this heading, $30,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016, for capital improvements and other expenses related to continuity of operations at the Mount Weather Emergency Operations Center: Provided further , That of 
the total amount made available, $3,400,000 shall be for the Office of National Capital Region Coordination: Provided further , That 
of the total amount made available under this heading, not less than $4,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2016, for expenses related to modernization of auto-mated systems. 
STATE AND LOCAL PROGRAMS  
For grants, contracts, cooperative agree-
ments, and other activities, $1,500,000,000, which shall be allocated as follows: 
(1) $467,000,000 shall be for the State Home-
land Security Grant Program under section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605), of which not less than $55,000,000 shall be for Operation Stonegarden: Provided , 
That notwithstanding subsection (c)(4) of such section 2004, for fiscal year 2015, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall make available to local and tribal governments amounts provided to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico under this paragraph in accord-ance with subsection (c)(1) of such section 2004. 
(2) $600,000,000 shall be for the Urban Area 
Security Initiative under section 2003 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604), of which not less than $13,000,000 shall be for organizations (as described under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such code) determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be at high risk of a terrorist attack. 
(3) $100,000,000 shall be for Public Transpor-
tation Security Assistance, Railroad Secu-rity Assistance, and Over-the-Road Bus Se-curity Assistance under sections 1406, 1513, and 1532 of the Implementing Recommenda-tions of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53; 6 U.S.C. 1135, 1163, and 1182), of which not less than $10,000,000 shall be for Amtrak security and $3,000,000 shall be for Over-the-Road Bus Security: Provided , 
That such public transportation security as-sistance shall be provided directly to public transportation agencies. 
(4) $100,000,000 shall be for Port Security 
Grants in accordance with 46 U.S.C. 70107. 
(5) $233,000,000 shall be to sustain current 
operations for training, exercises, technical assistance, and other programs, of which 
$162,991,000 shall be for training of State, local, and tribal emergency response pro-viders: 
Provided , That for grants under paragraphs 
(1) through (4), applications for grants shall be made available to eligible applicants not later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, that eligible applicants shall submit applications not later than 80 days after the grant announcement, and the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall act within 65 days 
after the receipt of an application: Provided 
further , That notwithstanding section 
2008(a)(11) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609(a)(11)) or any other provi-sion of law, a grantee may not use more than 5 percent of the amount of a grant made available under this heading for expenses di-rectly related to administration of the grant: Provided further , That for grants under para-
graphs (1) and (2), the installation of commu-nications towers is not considered construc-tion of a building or other physical facility: Provided further , That grantees shall provide 
reports on their use of funds, as determined necessary by the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity: Provided further , That notwith-
standing section 509 of this Act, the Admin-istrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency may use the funds provided in paragraph (5) to acquire real property for the purpose of establishing or appropriately ex-tending the security buffer zones around Federal Emergency Management Agency training facilities. 
FIREFIGHTER ASSISTANCE GRANTS  
For grants for programs authorized by the 
Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.), $680,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2016, of which $340,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 33 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 2229) and $340,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 34 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 2229a). 
EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT PERFORMANCE  
GRANTS  
For emergency management performance 
grants, as authorized by the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), and Reorga-nization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $350,000,000. 
RADIOLOGICAL EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS  
PROGRAM  
The aggregate charges assessed during fis-
cal year 2015, as authorized in title III of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Hous-ing and Urban Development, and Inde-pendent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (42 U.S.C. 5196e), shall not be less than 100 percent of the amounts anticipated by the Department of Homeland Security necessary for its radiological emergency preparedness program for the next fiscal year: Provided , 
That the methodology for assessment and collection of fees shall be fair and equitable and shall reflect costs of providing such serv-ices, including administrative costs of col-lecting such fees: Provided further , That fees 
received under this heading shall be depos-ited in this account as offsetting collections and will become available for authorized pur-poses on October 1, 2015, and remain avail-able until expended. 
UNITED STATES FIRE ADMINISTRATION  
For necessary expenses of the United 
States Fire Administration and for other purposes, as authorized by the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.) and the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.), $44,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S791 February 4, 2015 
DISASTER RELIEF FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses in carrying out the 
Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $7,033,464,494, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $24,000,000 shall be trans-ferred to the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Office of Inspector General for audits and investigations related to disasters: Pro-
vided , That the Administrator of the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency shall sub-mit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives the following reports, including a specific de-scription of the methodology and the source data used in developing such reports: 
(1) an estimate of the following amounts 
shall be submitted for the budget year at the time that the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 is submitted pursuant to sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code: 
(A) the unobligated balance of funds to be 
carried over from the prior fiscal year to the budget year; 
(B) the unobligated balance of funds to be 
carried over from the budget year to the budget year plus 1; 
(C) the amount of obligations for non-cata-
strophic events for the budget year; 
(D) the amount of obligations for the budg-
et year for catastrophic events delineated by event and by State; 
(E) the total amount that has been pre-
viously obligated or will be required for cat-astrophic events delineated by event and by State for all prior years, the current year, the budget year, the budget year plus 1, the budget year plus 2, and the budget year plus 3 and beyond; 
(F) the amount of previously obligated 
funds that will be recovered for the budget year; 
(G) the amount that will be required for 
obligations for emergencies, as described in section 102(1) of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(1)), major disasters, as de-scribed in section 102(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(2)), fire manage-ment assistance grants, as described in sec-tion 420 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5187), surge activities, and disaster readiness and support activities; and 
(H) the amount required for activities not 
covered under section 251(b)(2)(D)(iii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(D)(iii); Public Law 99–177); 
(2) an estimate or actual amounts, if avail-
able, of the following for the current fiscal year shall be submitted not later than the fifth day of each month, and shall be pub-lished by the Administrator on the Agency’s Web site not later than the fifth day of each month: 
(A) a summary of the amount of appropria-
tions made available by source, the transfers executed, the previously allocated funds re-covered, and the commitments, allocations, and obligations made; 
(B) a table of disaster relief activity delin-
eated by month, including— 
(i) the beginning and ending balances; (ii) the total obligations to include 
amounts obligated for fire assistance, emer-gencies, surge, and disaster support activi-ties; 
(iii) the obligations for catastrophic events 
delineated by event and by State; and 
(iv) the amount of previously obligated 
funds that are recovered; 
(C) a summary of allocations, obligations, 
and expenditures for catastrophic events de-lineated by event; (D) in addition, for a disaster declaration 
related to Hurricane Sandy, the cost of the following categories of spending: public as-sistance, individual assistance, mitigation, administrative, operations, and any other relevant category (including emergency measures and disaster resources); and 
(E) the date on which funds appropriated 
will be exhausted: 
Provided further , That the Administrator 
shall publish on the Agency’s Web site not later than 5 days after an award of a public assistance grant under section 406 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172) the spe-cifics of the grant award: Provided further , 
That for any mission assignment or mission assignment task order to another Federal de-partment or agency regarding a major dis-aster, not later than 5 days after the issuance of the mission assignment or task order, the Administrator shall publish on the Agency’s website the following: the name of the impacted State and the disaster declara-tion for such State, the assigned agency, the assistance requested, a description of the dis-aster, the total cost estimate, and the amount obligated: Provided further , That not 
later than 10 days after the last day of each month until the mission assignment or task order is completed and closed out, the Ad-ministrator shall update any changes to the total cost estimate and the amount obli-gated: Provided further , That of the amount 
provided under this heading, $6,437,792,622 shall be for major disasters declared pursu-ant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided further , That the 
amount in the preceding proviso is des-ignated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
FLOOD HAZARD MAPPING AND RISK ANALYSIS  
PROGRAM  
For necessary expenses, including adminis-
trative costs, under section 1360 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4101), and under sections 100215, 100216, 100226, 100230, and 100246 of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012, (Public Law 112–141, 126 Stat. 916), $100,000,000, and such additional sums as may be provided by State and local governments or other polit-ical subdivisions for cost-shared mapping ac-tivities under section 1360(f)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4101(f)(2)), to remain available until expended. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE FUND  
For activities under the National Flood In-
surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (subtitle A of title II of division F of Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood In-surance Affordability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–89; 128 Stat. 1020), $179,294,000, which shall remain available until September 30, 2016, and shall be derived from offsetting amounts collected under section 1308(d) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(d)); which is available for salaries and expenses associated with flood mitigation and flood insurance operations; and flood-plain management and additional amounts for flood mapping: Provided , That of such 
amount, $23,759,000 shall be available for sal-aries and expenses associated with flood mitigation and flood insurance operations and $155,535,000 shall be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Pro-
vided further , That any additional fees col-
lected pursuant to section 1308(d) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(d)) shall be credited as an offsetting col-
lection to this account, to be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Provided further , That in fiscal year 2015, no 
funds shall be available from the National Flood Insurance Fund under section 1310 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4017) in excess of: 
(1) $136,000,000 for operating expenses; (2) $1,139,000,000 for commissions and taxes 
of agents; 
(3) such sums as are necessary for interest 
on Treasury borrowings; and 
(4) $150,000,000, which shall remain avail-
able until expended, for flood mitigation ac-tions and for flood mitigation assistance under section 1366 of the National Flood In-
surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104c), notwith-standing sections 1366(e) and 1310(a)(7) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4104c(e), 4017): 
Provided further , That the amounts collected 
under section 102 of the Flood Disaster Pro-tection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a) and sec-tion 1366(e) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 shall be deposited in the National Flood Insurance Fund to supplement other amounts specified as available for section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, notwithstanding section 102(f)(8), sec-tion 1366(e), and paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 1367(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4012a(f)(8), 4104c(e), 4104d(b)(1)–(3)): Provided 
further , That total administrative costs shall 
not exceed 4 percent of the total appropria-tion: Provided further , That $5,000,000 is avail-
able to carry out section 24 of the Home-owner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 4033). 
NATIONAL PREDISASTER MITIGATION FUND  
For the predisaster mitigation grant pro-
gram under section 203 of the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133), $25,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
EMERGENCY FOOD AND SHELTER  
To carry out the emergency food and shel-
ter program pursuant to title III of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11331 et seq.), $120,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided , 
That total administrative costs shall not ex-ceed 3.5 percent of the total amount made available under this heading. 
TITLE IV 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, 
AND SERVICES 
U
NITED STATES CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION  
SERVICES  
For necessary expenses for citizenship and 
immigration services, $124,435,000 for the E- Verify Program, as described in section 403(a) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note), to assist United States employers with maintaining a legal work-force: Provided , That , notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, funds otherwise made available to United States Citizenship and Immigration Services may be used to ac-quire, operate, equip, and dispose of up to 5 vehicles, for replacement only, for areas where the Administrator of General Services does not provide vehicles for lease: Provided 
further , That the Director of United States 
Citizenship and Immigration Services may authorize employees who are assigned to those areas to use such vehicles to travel be-tween the employees’ residences and places of employment. 
F
EDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT TRAINING  
CENTER  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Federal Law 
Enforcement Training Center, including ma-terials and support costs of Federal law en-forcement basic training; the purchase of not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S792 February 4, 2015 
to exceed 117 vehicles for police-type use and 
hire of passenger motor vehicles; expenses for student athletic and related activities; the conduct of and participation in firearms matches and presentation of awards; public awareness and enhancement of community support of law enforcement training; room and board for student interns; a flat monthly reimbursement to employees authorized to use personal mobile phones for official du-ties; and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; $230,497,000; of which up to $54,154,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, for materials and support costs of Federal law enforcement basic training; of which $300,000 shall remain available until expended to be distributed to Federal law enforcement agen-cies for expenses incurred participating in training accreditation; and of which not to exceed $7,180 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided , That 
the Center is authorized to obligate funds in anticipation of reimbursements from agen-cies receiving training sponsored by the Cen-ter, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budg-etary resources available at the end of the fiscal year: Provided further , That section 
1202(a) of Public Law 107–206 (42 U.S.C. 3771 note), as amended under this heading in divi-sion F of Public Law 113–76, is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’: Provided fur-
ther, That the Director of the Federal Law 
Enforcement Training Center shall schedule basic or advanced law enforcement training, or both, at all four training facilities under the control of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center to ensure that such training facilities are operated at the highest capac-ity throughout the fiscal year: Provided fur-
ther, That the Federal Law Enforcement 
Training Accreditation Board, including rep-resentatives from the Federal law enforce-ment community and non-Federal accredita-tion experts involved in law enforcement training, shall lead the Federal law enforce-ment training accreditation process to con-tinue the implementation of measuring and assessing the quality and effectiveness of Federal law enforcement training programs, facilities, and instructors. 
ACQUISITIONS , CONSTRUCTION , IMPROVEMENTS , 
AND RELATED EXPENSES  
For acquisition of necessary additional 
real property and facilities, construction, and ongoing maintenance, facility improve-ments, and related expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, $27,841,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided , That the Center is 
authorized to accept reimbursement to this appropriation from government agencies re-questing the construction of special use fa-cilities. 
S
CIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
For salaries and expenses of the Office of 
the Under Secretary for Science and Tech-nology and for management and administra-tion of programs and activities, as author-ized by title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), $129,993,000: Provided , That not to exceed $7,650 shall be 
for official reception and representation ex-penses. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , ACQUISITION , AND 
OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for science and 
technology research, including advanced re-search projects, development, test and eval-uation, acquisition, and operations as au-thorized by title III of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), and the purchase or lease of not to exceed 5 vehicles, $973,915,000; of which $538,926,000 shall remain 
available until September 30, 2017; and of which $434,989,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, solely for operation and construction of laboratory facilities: Provided , That of the funds provided for the 
operation and construction of laboratory fa-cilities under this heading, $300,000,000 shall be for construction of the National Bio- and Agro-defense Facility. 
D
OMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE  
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
For salaries and expenses of the Domestic 
Nuclear Detection Office, as authorized by title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.), for management and administration of programs and activi-ties, $37,339,000: Provided , That not to exceed 
$2,250 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , AND OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for radiological and 
nuclear research, development, testing, eval-uation, and operations, $197,900,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017. 
SYSTEMS ACQUISITION  
For necessary expenses for the Domestic 
Nuclear Detection Office acquisition and de-ployment of radiological detection systems in accordance with the global nuclear detec-tion architecture, $72,603,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
TITLE V 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-
tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. 
S
EC. 502. Subject to the requirements of 
section 503 of this Act, the unexpended bal-ances of prior appropriations provided for ac-tivities in this Act may be transferred to ap-propriation accounts for such activities es-tablished pursuant to this Act, may be merged with funds in the applicable estab-lished accounts, and thereafter may be ac-counted for as one fund for the same time pe-riod as originally enacted. 
S
EC. 503. (a) None of the funds provided by 
this Act, provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies in or transferred to the Department of Homeland Security that re-main available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2015, or provided from any ac-counts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: 
(1) creates a new program, project, or ac-
tivity; 
(2) eliminates a program, project, office, or 
activity; 
(3) increases funds for any program, 
project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; 
(4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-
cific activity by either of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate or the House of Representatives for a different purpose; or 
(5) contracts out any function or activity 
for which funding levels were requested for Federal full-time equivalents in the object classification tables contained in the fiscal year 2015 Budget Appendix for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, as modified by the report accompanying this Act, unless the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are noti-fied 15 days in advance of such reprogram-ming of funds. 
(b) None of the funds provided by this Act, 
provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies in or transferred to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security that remain 
available for obligation or expenditure in fis-cal year 2015, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees or proceeds avail-able to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure for programs, projects, or activities through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that: 
(1) augments existing programs, projects, 
or activities; 
(2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any 
existing program, project, or activity; 
(3) reduces by 10 percent the numbers of 
personnel approved by the Congress; or 
(4) results from any general savings from a 
reduction in personnel that would result in a change in existing programs, projects, or ac-tivities as approved by the Congress, unless the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified 15 days in advance of such re-programming of funds. 
(c) Not to exceed 5 percent of any appro-
priation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity by this Act or provided by previous ap-propriations Acts may be transferred be-tween such appropriations, but no such ap-propriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 percent by such transfers: Provided , That any 
transfer under this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under sub-section (b) and shall not be available for ob-ligation unless the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified 15 days in ad-vance of such transfer. 
(d) Notwithstanding subsections (a), (b), 
and (c) of this section, no funds shall be re-programmed within or transferred between appropriations based upon an initial notifi-
cation provided after June 30, except in ex-traordinary circumstances that imminently threaten the safety of human life or the pro-tection of property. 
(e) The notification thresholds and proce-
dures set forth in this section shall apply to any use of deobligated balances of funds pro-vided in previous Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Acts. 
S
EC. 504. The Department of Homeland Se-
curity Working Capital Fund, established pursuant to section 403 of Public Law 103–356 (31 U.S.C. 501 note), shall continue oper-ations as a permanent working capital fund for fiscal year 2015: Provided , That none of 
the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Homeland Security may be used to make payments to the Working Capital Fund, except for the ac-tivities and amounts allowed in the Presi-dent’s fiscal year 2015 budget: Provided fur-
ther, That funds provided to the Working 
Capital Fund shall be available for obliga-tion until expended to carry out the purposes of the Working Capital Fund: Provided fur-
ther, That all departmental components shall 
be charged only for direct usage of each Working Capital Fund service: Provided fur-
ther, That funds provided to the Working 
Capital Fund shall be used only for purposes consistent with the contributing component: Provided further , That the Working Capital 
Fund shall be paid in advance or reimbursed at rates which will return the full cost of each service: Provided further , That the Com-
mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives shall be notified of any activity added to or removed from the fund: Provided further , That the Chief Finan-
cial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit a quarterly execution report with activity level detail, not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S793 February 4, 2015 
SEC. 505. Except as otherwise specifically 
provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2015, as recorded in the financial records at the time of a reprogram-
ming request, but not later than June 30, 2016, from appropriations for salaries and ex-penses for fiscal year 2015 in this Act shall remain available through September 30, 2016, in the account and for the purposes for which the appropriations were provided: Provided , 
That prior to the obligation of such funds, a request shall be submitted to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives for approval in ac-cordance with section 503 of this Act. 
S
EC. 506. Funds made available by this Act 
for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2015 until the enactment of an Act au-thorizing intelligence activities for fiscal year 2015. 
S
EC. 507. (a) Except as provided in sub-
sections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— 
(1) make or award a grant allocation, 
grant, contract, other transaction agree-ment, or task or delivery order on a Depart-ment of Homeland Security multiple award contract, or to issue a letter of intent total-ing in excess of $1,000,000; 
(2) award a task or delivery order requiring 
an obligation of funds in an amount greater than $10,000,000 from multi-year Department of Homeland Security funds; 
(3) make a sole-source grant award; or (4) announce publicly the intention to 
make or award items under paragraph (1), (2), or (3) including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation. 
(b) The Secretary of Homeland Security 
may waive the prohibition under subsection (a) if the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives at least 3 full busi-ness days in advance of making an award or issuing a letter as described in that sub-section. 
(c) If the Secretary of Homeland Security 
determines that compliance with this sec-tion would pose a substantial risk to human life, health, or safety, an award may be made without notification, and the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 5 full business days after such an award is made or letter issued. 
(d) A notification under this section— 
(1) may not involve funds that are not 
available for obligation; and 
(2) shall include the amount of the award; 
the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated; the type of con-tract; and the account from which the funds are being drawn. 
(e) The Administrator of the Federal Emer-
gency Management Agency shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives 5 full busi-ness days in advance of announcing publicly the intention of making an award under ‘‘State and Local Programs’’. 
S
EC. 508. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, no agency shall purchase, con-struct, or lease any additional facilities, ex-cept within or contiguous to existing loca-tions, to be used for the purpose of con-ducting Federal law enforcement training without the advance approval of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Cen-ter is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training that cannot be accommodated in existing Center facilities. S
EC. 509. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used for expenses for any construction, re-pair, alteration, or acquisition project for which a prospectus otherwise required under chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus. 
S
EC. 510. (a) Sections 520, 522, and 530 of the 
Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2008 (division E of Public Law 110–161; 121 Stat. 2073 and 2074) shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such sections ap-plied to funds made available in that Act. 
(b) The third proviso of section 537 of the 
Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2006 (6 U.S.C. 114), shall not apply with respect to funds made available in this Act. 
S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used in contravention of the applicable provisions of the Buy Amer-ican Act. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 
S
EC. 512. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to amend the oath of allegiance required by section 337 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1448). 
S
EC. 513. Not later than 30 days after the 
last day of each month, the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a monthly budget and staff-ing report for that month that includes total obligations of the Department for that month for the fiscal year at the appropria-tion and program, project, and activity lev-els, by the source year of the appropriation. Total obligations for staffing shall also be provided by subcategory of on-board and funded full-time equivalent staffing levels, respectively, and the report shall specify the number of, and total obligations for, con-tract employees for each office of the De-partment. 
S
EC. 514. Except as provided in section 
44945 of title 49, United States Code, funds appropriated or transferred to Transpor-tation Security Administration ‘‘Aviation Security’’, ‘‘Administration’’, and ‘‘Trans-portation Security Support’’ for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 that are recovered or deobligated shall be available only for the procurement or installation of explosives de-tection systems, air cargo, baggage, and checkpoint screening systems, subject to no-tification: Provided , That semiannual reports 
shall be submitted to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives on any funds that are recov-ered or deobligated. 
S
EC. 515. None of the funds appropriated by 
this Act may be used to process or approve a competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for services provided by employees (including employees serving on a temporary or term basis) of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services of the Department of Homeland Security who are known as Immigration Information Officers, 
Contact Representatives, Investigative As-sistants, or Immigration Services Officers. 
S
EC. 516. Any funds appropriated to ‘‘Coast 
Guard, Acquisition, Construction, and Im-provements’’ for fiscal years 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2006 for the 110–123 foot patrol boat conversion that are recovered, collected, or otherwise received as the result of negotia-tion, mediation, or litigation, shall be avail-able until expended for the Fast Response Cutter program. 
S
EC. 517. The functions of the Federal Law 
Enforcement Training Center instructor staff shall be classified as inherently govern-
mental for the purpose of the Federal Activi-ties Inventory Reform Act of 1998 (31 U.S.C. 501 note). 
S
EC. 518. (a) The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall submit a report not later than October 15, 2015, to the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Se-curity listing all grants and contracts awarded by any means other than full and open competition during fiscal year 2015. 
(b) The Inspector General shall review the 
report required by subsection (a) to assess Departmental compliance with applicable laws and regulations and report the results 
of that review to the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than February 15, 2016. 
S
EC. 519. None of the funds provided by this 
or previous appropriations Acts shall be used to fund any position designated as a Prin-cipal Federal Official (or the successor there-to) for any Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) declared disasters or emer-gencies unless— 
(1) the responsibilities of the Principal 
Federal Official do not include operational functions related to incident management, including coordination of operations, and are consistent with the requirements of section 509(c) and sections 503(c)(3) and 503(c)(4)(A) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 319(c) and 313(c)(3) and 313(c)(4)(A)) and sec-tion 302 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5143); 
(2) not later than 10 business days after the 
latter of the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security appoints the Principal Federal Official and the date on which the President issues a declaration under section 401 or section 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 and 5191, respectively), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit a notification of the appointment of the Principal Federal Official and a description of the responsibilities of such Official and how such responsibilities are consistent with paragraph (1) to the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate; and 
(3) not later than 60 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide a report specifying timeframes and milestones regarding the update of oper-ations, planning and policy documents, and training and exercise protocols, to ensure consistency with paragraph (1) of this sec-tion. 
S
EC. 520. None of the funds provided or oth-
erwise made available in this Act shall be available to carry out section 872 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 452). 
S
EC. 521. Funds made available in this Act 
may be used to alter operations within the Civil Engineering Program of the Coast Guard nationwide, including civil engineer-ing units, facilities design and construction centers, maintenance and logistics com-mands, and the Coast Guard Academy, ex-cept that none of the funds provided in this Act may be used to reduce operations within any Civil Engineering Unit unless specifi-cally authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 
S
EC. 522. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services to grant an immigration benefit unless the re-sults of background checks required by law to be completed prior to the granting of the benefit have been received by United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S794 February 4, 2015 
Citizenship and Immigration Services, and 
the results do not preclude the granting of the benefit. 
S
EC. 523. Section 831 of the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Until 
September 30, 2014,’’ and inserting ‘‘Until September 30, 2015,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2014,’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015,’’. 
S
EC. 524. The Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity shall require that all contracts of the 
Department of Homeland Security that pro-vide award fees link such fees to successful acquisition outcomes (which outcomes shall be specified in terms of cost, schedule, and performance). 
S
EC. 525. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act shall be used to ap-prove a waiver of the navigation and vessel- inspection laws pursuant to 46 U.S.C. 501(b) for the transportation of crude oil distrib-uted from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve until the Secretary of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Secretaries of the Departments of Energy and Transpor-tation and representatives from the United States flag maritime industry, takes ade-quate measures to ensure the use of United States flag vessels: Provided , That the Sec-
retary shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives within 2 business days of any request for waivers of navigation and vessel-inspection laws pursuant to 46 U.S.C. 501(b). 
S
EC. 526. None of the funds made available 
in this Act for United States Customs and Border Protection may be used to prevent an individual not in the business of importing a prescription drug (within the meaning of sec-tion 801(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act) from importing a prescription drug from Canada that complies with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act: Pro-
vided , That this section shall apply only to 
individuals transporting on their person a personal-use quantity of the prescription drug, not to exceed a 90-day supply: Provided 
further , That the prescription drug may not 
be— 
(1) a controlled substance, as defined in 
section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802); or 
(2) a biological product, as defined in sec-
tion 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262). 
S
EC. 527. None of the funds in this Act shall 
be used to reduce the United States Coast Guard’s Operations Systems Center mission or its government-employed or contract staff levels. 
S
EC. 528. The Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives of any proposed transfers of funds available under section 9703.1(g)(4)(B) of title 31, United States Code (as added by Public Law 102–393) from the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund to any agency within the Department of Homeland Security: Provided , That none of 
the funds identified for such a transfer may be obligated until the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives approve the proposed trans-fers. 
S
EC. 529. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used for planning, test-ing, piloting, or developing a national identi-fication card. S
EC. 530. None of the funds appropriated by 
this Act may be used to conduct, or to imple-ment the results of, a competition under Of-fice of Management and Budget Circular A– 76 for activities performed with respect to the Coast Guard National Vessel Documenta-tion Center. 
S
EC. 531. (a) Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Act, except as provided in subsection (b), and 30 days after the date on which the President determines whether to 
declare a major disaster because of an event and any appeal is completed, the Adminis-trator shall publish on the Web site of the Federal Emergency Management Agency a report regarding that decision that shall summarize damage assessment information used to determine whether to declare a major disaster. 
(b) The Administrator may redact from a 
report under subsection (a) any data that the Administrator determines would com-promise national security. 
(c) In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the 
Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency; and 
(2) the term ‘‘major disaster’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122). 
S
EC. 532. Any official that is required by 
this Act to report or to certify to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives may not dele-gate such authority to perform that act un-less specifically authorized herein. 
S
EC. 533. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or with-in the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
(1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-
ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, 
at the United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of De-fense. 
S
EC. 534. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used for first-class travel by the employees of agencies funded by this Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 
S
EC. 535. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to employ workers described in section 274A(h)(3) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)(3)). 
S
EC. 536. (a) Any company that collects or 
retains personal information directly from any individual who participates in the Reg-istered Traveler or successor program of the Transportation Security Administration shall hereafter safeguard and dispose of such information in accordance with the require-ments in— 
(1) the National Institute for Standards 
and Technology Special Publication 800–30, entitled ‘‘Risk Management Guide for Infor-mation Technology Systems’’; 
(2) the National Institute for Standards 
and Technology Special Publication 800–53, Revision 3, entitled ‘‘Recommended Security Controls for Federal Information Systems and Organizations’’; and 
(3) any supplemental standards established 
by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’). 
(b) The airport authority or air carrier op-
erator that sponsors the company under the Registered Traveler program shall hereafter be known as the ‘‘Sponsoring Entity’’. 
(c) The Administrator shall hereafter re-
quire any company covered by subsection (a) to provide, not later than 30 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, to the Spon-soring Entity written certification that the procedures used by the company to safeguard and dispose of information are in compliance with the requirements under subsection (a). Such certification shall include a description of the procedures used by the company to comply with such requirements. 
S
EC. 537. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this Act, none of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory per-formance or performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. 
S
EC. 538. In developing any process to 
screen aviation passengers and crews for transportation or national security purposes, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall en-sure that all such processes take into consid-eration such passengers’ and crews’ privacy and civil liberties consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance. 
S
EC. 539. (a) Notwithstanding section 
1356(n) of title 8, United States Code, of the funds deposited into the Immigration Exami-nations Fee Account, $10,000,000 may be allo-cated by United States Citizenship and Im-migration Services in fiscal year 2015 for the purpose of providing an immigrant integra-tion grants program. 
(b) None of the funds made available to 
United States Citizenship and Immigration Services for grants for immigrant integra-tion may be used to provide services to aliens who have not been lawfully admitted for permanent residence. 
S
EC. 540. For an additional amount for the 
‘‘Office of the Under Secretary for Manage-ment’’, $48,600,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses to plan, ac-quire, design, construct, renovate, reme-diate, equip, furnish, improve infrastructure, and occupy buildings and facilities for the department headquarters consolidation project and associated mission support con-solidation: Provided , That the Committees on 
Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives shall receive an expendi-ture plan not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Act detailing the allocation of these funds. 
S
EC. 541. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to enter into any Federal contract un-less such contract is entered into in accord-ance with the requirements of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code, or chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless such contract is otherwise authorized by statute to be en-tered into without regard to the above ref-erenced statutes. 
S
EC. 542. (a) For an additional amount for 
financial systems modernization, $34,072,000 
to remain available until September 30, 2016. 
(b) Funds made available in subsection (a) 
for financial systems modernization may be transferred by the Secretary of Homeland Security between appropriations for the same purpose, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. 
(c) No transfer described in subsection (b) 
shall occur until 15 days after the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of such transfer. 
S
EC. 543. Notwithstanding the 10 percent 
limitation contained in section 503(c) of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security may transfer to the fund established by 8 U.S.C. 1101 note, up to $20,000,000 from appro-priations available to the Department of Homeland Security: Provided , That the Sec-
retary shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S795 February 4, 2015 
Representatives 5 days in advance of such 
transfer. 
SEC. 544. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, if the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity determines that specific United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment Service Processing Centers or other United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement owned detention facilities no longer meet the mission need, the Secretary is authorized to dispose of individual Service Processing Centers or other United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement owned detention facilities by directing the Administrator of General Services to sell all real and related personal property which support Service Processing Centers or other United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement owned detention facilities, subject to such terms and conditions as necessary to protect Government interests and meet pro-gram requirements: Provided , That the pro-
ceeds, net of the costs of sale incurred by the General Services Administration and United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, shall be deposited as offsetting collec-tions into a separate account that shall be available, subject to appropriation, until ex-pended for other real property capital asset needs of existing United States Immigration 
and Customs Enforcement assets, excluding daily operations and maintenance costs, as the Secretary deems appropriate: Provided 
further , That any sale or collocation of feder-
ally owned detention facilities shall not re-sult in the maintenance of fewer than 34,000 detention beds: Provided further , That the 
Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives shall be notified 15 days prior to the announcement of any proposed sale or collocation. 
S
EC. 545. The Commissioner of United 
States Customs and Border Protection and the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity for United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement shall, with respect to fis-cal years 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018, submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, at the time that the President’s budget pro-posal for fiscal year 2016 is submitted pursu-ant to the requirements of section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the information required in the multi-year investment and management plans required, respectively, under the headings ‘‘U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, Salaries and Expenses’’ under title II of division D of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74); ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, Border Security Fencing, Infrastruc-ture, and Technology’’ under such title; and section 568 of such Act. 
S
EC. 546. The Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity shall ensure enforcement of all immi-gration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))). 
S
EC. 547. (a) Of the amounts made available 
by this Act for ‘‘National Protection and Programs Directorate, Infrastructure Pro-tection and Information Security’’, $140,525,000 for the Federal Network Security program, project, and activity shall be used to deploy on Federal systems technology to improve the information security of agency information systems covered by section 3543(a) of title 44, United States Code: Pro-
vided , That funds made available under this 
section shall be used to assist and support Government-wide and agency-specific efforts to provide adequate, risk-based, and cost-ef-fective cybersecurity to address escalating and rapidly evolving threats to information security, including the acquisition and oper-ation of a continuous monitoring and diagnostics program, in collaboration with departments and agencies, that includes equipment, software, and Department of 
Homeland Security supplied services: Pro-
vided further , That continuous monitoring 
and diagnostics software procured by the funds made available by this section shall not transmit to the Department of Homeland Security any personally identifiable infor-mation or content of network communica-tions of other agencies’ users: Provided fur-
ther, That such software shall be installed, 
maintained, and operated in accordance with all applicable privacy laws and agency-spe-cific policies regarding network content. 
(b) Funds made available under this sec-
tion may not be used to supplant funds pro-vided for any such system within an agency budget. 
(c) Not later than July 1, 2015, the heads of 
all Federal agencies shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives expendi-ture plans for necessary cybersecurity im-provements to address known vulnerabilities to information systems described in sub-section (a). 
(d) Not later than October 1, 2015, and 
semiannually thereafter, the head of each Federal agency shall submit to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget a re-port on the execution of the expenditure plan for that agency required by subsection (c): Provided , That the Director of the Office of 
Management and Budget shall summarize such execution reports and annually submit such summaries to Congress in conjunction with the annual progress report on imple-mentation of the E-Government Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–347), as required by section 3606 of title 44, United States Code. 
(e) This section shall not apply to the leg-
islative and judicial branches of the Federal Government and shall apply to all Federal agencies within the executive branch except for the Department of Defense, the Central Intelligence Agency, and the Office of the Di-rector of National Intelligence. 
S
EC. 548. (a) None of the funds made avail-
able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. 
(b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit 
the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
S
EC. 549. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used by a Federal law en-forcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. 
S
EC. 550. None of the funds provided in this 
or any other Act may be obligated to imple-ment the National Preparedness Grant Pro-gram or any other successor grant programs unless explicitly authorized by Congress. 
S
EC. 551. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to provide funding for the position of Public Advocate, or a suc-cessor position, within United States Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement. 
S
EC. 552. (a) Section 559 of division F of 
Public Law 113–76 is amended as follows: 
(1) Subsection (f)(2)(B) is amended by add-
ing at the end: ‘‘Such transfer shall not be required for personal property, including fur-niture, fixtures, and equipment.’’; and 
(2) Subsection (e)(3)(b) is amended by in-
serting after ‘‘payment of overtime’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘and the salaries, training and bene-fits of individuals employed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to support U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection officers in per-forming law enforcement functions at ports 
of entry, including primary and secondary processing of passengers’’. 
(b) Section 560(g) of division D of Public 
Law 113–6 is amended by inserting after ‘‘payment of overtime’’ the following: ‘‘and the salaries, training and benefits of individ-uals employed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to support U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection officers in performing law en-forcement functions at ports of entry, in-cluding primary and secondary processing of passengers’’. 
(c) The Commissioner of United States 
Customs and Border Protection may modify a reimbursable fee agreement in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act to include costs specified in this section. 
S
EC. 553. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to pay for the travel to or attendance of more than 50 employees 
of a single component of the Department of Homeland Security, who are stationed in the United States, at a single international con-ference unless the Secretary of Homeland Security, or a designee, determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives within at least 10 days of that deter-mination and the basis for that determina-tion: Provided , That for purposes of this sec-
tion the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representa-tives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international orga-nizations, or nongovernmental organiza-tions. 
S
EC. 554. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to reimburse any Federal department or agency for its partici-pation in a National Special Security Event. 
S
EC. 555. With the exception of countries 
with preclearance facilities in service prior to 2013, none of the funds made available in this Act may be used for new United States Customs and Border Protection air preclearance agreements entering into force after February 1, 2014, unless— 
(1) the Secretary of Homeland Security, in 
consultation with the Secretary of State, has certified to Congress that air preclearance operations at the airport pro-vide a homeland or national security benefit to the United States; 
(2) United States passenger air carriers are 
not precluded from operating at existing preclearance locations; and 
(3) a United States passenger air carrier is 
operating at all airports contemplated for establishment of new air preclearance oper-ations. 
S
EC. 556. None of the funds made available 
by this or any other Act may be used by the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration to implement, admin-ister, or enforce, in abrogation of the respon-sibility described in section 44903(n)(1) of title 49, United States Code, any requirement that airport operators provide airport-fi-nanced staffing to monitor exit points from the sterile area of any airport at which the Transportation Security Administration pro-vided such monitoring as of December 1, 2013. 
S
EC. 557. In making grants under the head-
ing ‘‘Firefighter Assistance Grants’’, the Secretary may grant waivers from the re-quirements in subsections (a)(1)(A), (a)(1)(B), (a)(1)(E), (c)(1), (c)(2), and (c)(4) of section 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a). 
S
EC. 558. (a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning on the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall not— 
(1) establish, collect, or otherwise impose 
any new border crossing fee on individuals crossing the Southern border or the North-ern border at a land port of entry; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S796 February 4, 2015 
(2) conduct any study relating to the impo-
sition of a border crossing fee. 
(b) B ORDER CROSSING FEEDEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘border crossing fee’’ means a fee that every pedestrian, cyclist, and driver and passenger of a private motor vehicle is required to pay for the privilege of crossing the Southern border or the North-ern border at a land port of entry. 
S
EC. 559. The administrative law judge an-
nuitants participating in the Senior Admin-istrative Law Judge Program managed by the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement under section 3323 of title 5, United States Code, shall be available on a tem-porary reemployment basis to conduct arbi-trations of disputes arising from delivery of assistance under the Federal Emergency Management Agency Public Assistance Pro-gram. 
S
EC. 560. As authorized by section 601(b) of 
the United States-Colombia Trade Pro-motion Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–42) fees collected from pas-sengers arriving from Canada, Mexico, or an adjacent island pursuant to section 13031(a)(5) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(5)) shall be available until expended. 
S
EC. 561. None of the funds appropriated by 
this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel who pre-pare or submit appropriations language as part of the President’s budget submission to the Congress of the United States for pro-grams under the jurisdiction of the Appro-priations Subcommittees on the Department of Homeland Security that assumes revenues or reflects a reduction from the previous year due to user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submis-sion of the budget unless such budget sub-mission identifies which additional spending reductions should occur in the event the user fees proposals are not enacted prior to the date of the convening of a committee of con-ference for the fiscal year 2016 appropriations Act. 
S
EC. 562. (a) The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall submit to the Congress, not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act and annually thereafter, be-ginning at the time the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2017 is submitted pur-suant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a comprehensive report on the purchase and usage of weapons, subdivided by weapon type. The report shall include— 
(1) the quantity of weapons in inventory at 
the end of the preceding calendar year, and the amount of weapons, subdivided by weap-on type, included in the budget request for each relevant component or agency in the Department of Homeland Security; 
(2) a description of how such quantity and 
purchase aligns to each component or agen-cy’s mission requirements for certification, qualification, training, and operations; and 
(3) details on all contracting practices ap-
plied by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, including comparative details regarding other contracting options with respect to cost and availability. 
(b) The reports required by subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in an appropriate format in order to ensure the safety of law enforce-ment personnel. 
S
EC. 563. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used for the environ-mental remediation of the Coast Guard’s LORAN support in Wildwood/Lower Town-ship, New Jersey. 
S
EC. 564. None of the funds made available 
to the Department of Homeland Security by this or any other Act may be obligated for any structural pay reform that affects more than 100 full-time equivalent employee posi-tions or costs more than $5,000,000 in a single year before the end of the 30-day period be-
ginning on the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to Congress a notification that includes— 
(1) the number of full-time equivalent em-
ployee positions affected by such change; 
(2) funding required for such change for the 
current year and through the Future Years Homeland Security Program; 
(3) justification for such change; and (4) an analysis of compensation alter-
natives to such change that were considered by the Department. 
S
EC. 565. (a) Any agency receiving funds 
made available in this Act, shall, subject to 
subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives in this Act, upon the deter-mination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. 
(b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-
port if— 
(1) the public posting of the report com-
promises homeland or national security; or 
(2) the report contains proprietary infor-
mation. 
(c) The head of the agency posting such re-
port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days except as otherwise specified in law. 
S
EC. 566. Section 605 of division E of Public 
Law 110–161 (6 U.S.C. 1404) is hereby repealed. 
SEC. 567. The Administrator of the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency may trans-fer up to $95,000,000 in unobligated balances made available for the appropriations ac-count for ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency, Disaster Assistance Direct Loan Program’’ under section 2(a) of the Commu-nity Disaster Loan Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–88; 119 Stat. 2061) or under chapter 5 of title I of division B of the Consolidated Secu-rity, Disaster Assistance, and Continuing Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law (110– 329; 122 Stat. 3592) to the appropriations ac-count for ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency, Disaster Relief Fund’’. Amounts transferred to such account under this sec-tion shall be available for any authorized purpose of such account. 
S
EC. 568. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, Gerardo Ismael Hernandez, a Transportation Security Officer employed by the Transportation Security Administration who died as the direct result of an injury sustained in the line of duty on November 1, 2013, at the Los Angeles International Air-port, shall be deemed to have been a public safety officer for the purposes of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Street Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.). 
S
EC. 569. The Office of Management and 
Budget and the Department of Homeland Se-curity shall ensure the congressional budget justifications accompanying the President’s budget proposal for the Department of Homeland Security, submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, include estimates of the number of un-accompanied alien children anticipated to be apprehended in the budget year and the num-ber of agent or officer hours required to proc-ess, manage, and care for such children: Pro-
vided , That such materials shall also include 
estimates of all other associated costs for each relevant Departmental component, in-cluding but not limited to personnel; equip-ment; supplies; facilities; managerial, tech-nical, and advisory services; medical treat-ment; and all costs associated with trans-porting such children from one Depart-mental component to another or from a De-partmental component to another Federal agency. S
EC. 570. Notwithstanding section 404 or 420 
of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c and 5187), until September 30, 2015, the Presi-dent may provide hazard mitigation assist-ance in accordance with such section 404 in any area in which assistance was provided under such section 420. 
S
EC. 571. That without regard to the limi-
tation as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, the Secretary may propose to reprogram within and transfer funds into ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Sala-ries and Expenses’’ and ‘‘U.S. Immigration 
and Customs Enforcement, Salaries and Ex-penses’’ as necessary to ensure the care and transportation of unaccompanied alien chil-dren. 
S
EC. 572. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, grants awarded to States along the Southwest Border of the United States under sections 2003 or 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604 and 605) using funds provided under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency, State and Local Programs’’ in division F of Public Law 113–76 or division D of Public Law 113–6 may be used by recipients or sub- recipients for costs, or reimbursement of costs, related to providing humanitarian re-lief to unaccompanied alien children and alien adults accompanied by an alien minor where they are encountered after entering the United States, provided that such costs were incurred during the award period of per-formance. 
(RESCISSIONS)  
SEC. 573. Of the funds appropriated to the 
Department of Homeland Security, the fol-lowing funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the spec-ified amounts: Provided , That no amounts 
may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent reso-lution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–177): 
(1) $5,000,000 from unobligated prior year 
balances from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Border Security, Fencing, Infra-structure, and Technology’’; 
(2) $8,000,000 from Public Law 113–76 under 
the heading ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, Air and Marine Operations’’ in divi-sion F of such Act; 
(3) $10,000,000 from unobligated prior year 
balances from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Construction and Facilities Man-agement’’; 
(4) $15,300,000 from ‘‘Transportation Secu-
rity Administration, Aviation Security’’ ac-count 70x0550; 
(5) $187,000,000 from Public Law 113–76 
under the heading ‘‘Transportation Security Administration, Aviation Security’’; 
(6) $2,550,000 from Public Law 112–10 under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’; 
(7) $12,095,000 from Public Law 112–74 under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’; 
(8) $16,349,000 from Public Law 113–6 under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’; 
(9) $30,643,000 from Public Law 113–76 under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’; 
(10) $24,000,000 from ‘‘Federal Emergency 
Management Agency, National Predisaster Mitigation Fund’’ account 70x0716; and 
(11) $16,627,000 from ‘‘Science and Tech-
nology, Research, Development, Acquisition, and Operations’’ account 70x0800. 
(RESCISSION)  
SEC. 574. From the unobligated balances 
made available in the Department of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S797 February 4, 2015 
Treasury Forfeiture Fund established by sec-
tion 9703 of title 31, United States Code, (added by section 638 of Public Law 102–393), $175,000,000 shall be rescinded. 
(RESCISSIONS)  
SEC. 575. Of the funds transferred to the 
Department of Homeland Security when it was created in 2003, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following ac-counts and programs in the specified amounts: 
(1) $1,317,018 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Bor-
der Protection, Salaries and Expenses’’; 
(2) $57,998 from ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, 
Construction, and Improvements’’; 
(3) $17,597 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Man-
agement Agency, Office of Domestic Pre-paredness’’; and 
(4) $82,926 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Man-
agement Agency, National Predisaster Miti-gation Fund’’. 
S
EC. 576. The following unobligated bal-
ances made available to the Department of Homeland Security pursuant to section 505 of the Department of Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76) are rescinded: 
(1) $463,404 from ‘‘Office of the Secretary 
and Executive Management’’; 
(2) $47,023 from ‘‘Office of the Under Sec-
retary for Management’’; 
(3) $29,852 from ‘‘Office of the Chief Finan-
cial Officer’’; 
(4) $16,346 from ‘‘Office of the Chief Infor-
mation Officer’’; 
(5) $816,384 from ‘‘Analysis and Oper-
ations’’; 
(6) $158,931 from ‘‘Office of Inspector Gen-
eral’’; 
(7) $635,153 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, Salaries and Expenses’’; 
(8) $65,195 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, Automation Modernization’’; 
(9) $96,177 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, Air and Marine Operations’’; 
(10) $2,368,902 from ‘‘U.S. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement, Salaries and Ex-penses’’; 
(11) $600,000 from ‘‘Transportation Security 
Administration, Federal Air Marshals’’; 
(12) $3,096,521 from ‘‘Coast Guard, Oper-
ating Expenses’’; 
(13) $208,654 from ‘‘Coast Guard, Reserve 
Training’’; 
(14) $1,722,319 from ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisi-
tion, Construction, and Improvements’’; 
(15) $1,256,900 from ‘‘United States Secret 
Service, Salaries and Expenses’’; 
(16) $107,432 from ‘‘National Protection and 
Programs Directorate, Management and Ad-ministration’’; 
(17) $679,212 from ‘‘National Protection and 
Programs Directorate, Infrastructure Pro-tection and Information Security’’; 
(18) $26,169 from ‘‘Office of Biometric Iden-
tity Management’’; 
(19) $37,201 from ‘‘Office of Health Affairs’’; (20) $818,184 from ‘‘Federal Emergency 
Management Agency, Salaries and Ex-penses’’; 
(21) $447,280 from ‘‘Federal Emergency 
Management Agency, State and Local Pro-grams’’; 
(22) $98,841 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Man-
agement Agency, United States Fire Admin-istration’’; 
(23) $448,073 from ‘‘United States Citizen-
ship and Immigration Services’’; 
(24) $519,503 from ‘‘Federal Law Enforce-
ment Training Center, Salaries and Ex-penses’’; 
(25) $500,005 from ‘‘Science and Technology, 
Management and Administration’’; and 
(26) $68,910 from ‘‘Domestic Nuclear Detec-
tion Office, Management and Administra-tion’’. (RESCISSION)  
SEC. 577. Of the unobligated balances made 
available to ‘‘Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, Disaster Relief Fund’’, $375,000,000 shall be rescinded: Provided , That 
no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further , 
That no amounts may be rescinded from the amounts that were designated by the Con-gress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
S
EC. 578. The explanatory statement re-
garding this Act, printed in the House of Representatives section of the Congressional Record, on or about January 13, 2015, by the Chairman of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House, shall have the same effect with respect to the allocation of funds and implementation of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. 
S
EC. 579. (a) No funds, resources, or fees 
made available to the Secretary of Homeland Security, or to any other official of a Federal agency, by this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year, including any deposits into the ‘‘Immigration Examinations Fee Account’’ established under section 286(m) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)), may be used to implement, admin-ister, enforce, or carry out (including through the issuance of any regulations) any of the policy changes set forth in the fol-lowing memoranda (or any substantially similar policy changes issued or taken on or after January 9, 2015, whether set forth in memorandum, Executive order, regulation, directive, or by other action): 
(1) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Southern Bor-der and Approaches Campaign’’ dated No-vember 20, 2014. 
(2) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies for the Apprehension, Detention and Removal of Un-documented Immigrants’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(3) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Secure Com-munities’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(4) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to In-dividuals Who Came to the United States as Children and with Respect to Certain Indi-viduals Who Are the Parents of U.S. Citizens or Permanent Residents’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(5) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Expansion of the Provisional Waiver Program’’ dated No-vember 20, 2014. 
(6) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies Sup-porting U.S. High-Skilled Businesses and Workers’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(7) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Families of U.S. Armed Forces Members and Enlistees’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(8) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Directive to Provide Consistency Regarding Advance Pa-role’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(9) The memorandum from the Secretary of 
Homeland Security entitled ‘‘Policies to Promote and Increase Access to U.S. Citizen-ship’’ dated November 20, 2014. 
(10) The memorandum from the President 
entitled ‘‘Modernizing and Streamlining the U.S. Immigrant Visa System for the 21st Century’’ dated November 21, 2014. (11) The memorandum from the President 
entitled ‘‘Creating Welcoming Communities and Fully Integrating Immigrants and Refu-gees’’ dated November 21, 2014. 
(b) The memoranda referred to in sub-
section (a) (or any substantially similar pol-icy changes issued or taken on or after Janu-ary 9, 2015, whether set forth in memo-randum, Executive order, regulation, direc-tive, or by other action) have no statutory or constitutional basis and therefore have no legal effect. 
(c) No funds or fees made available to the 
Secretary of Homeland Security, or to any other official of a Federal agency, by this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year, in-cluding any deposits into the ‘‘Immigration Examinations Fee Account’’ established under section 286(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)), may be used to grant any Federal benefit to any alien pursuant to any of the policy changes set forth in the memoranda referred to in subsection (a) (or any substantially similar policy changes issued or taken on or after January 9, 2015, whether set forth in memo-randum, Executive order, regulation, direc-tive, or by other action). 
(d) The budgetary effects of this section 
shall not be entered on either PAYGO score-card maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
(e) Notwithstanding Rule 3 of the Budget 
Scorekeeping Guidelines set forth in the joint explanatory statement of the com-mittee of conference accompanying Con-ference Report 105–217 and section 250(c)(8) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the budgetary effects of this section shall not be estimated— 
(1) for purposes of section 251 of the such 
Act; and 
(2) for purposes of paragraph 4(C) of section 
3 of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. 
S
EC. 580. (a) No funds or fees made avail-
able to the Secretary of Homeland Security by this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to implement, administer, enforce, or carry out (including through the issuance of any regulations) any policy relat-ing to the apprehension, detention, or re-moval of aliens that does not treat any alien convicted of any offense involving domestic violence, sexual abuse, child molestation, or child exploitation as within the categories of aliens subject to the Department of Home-land Security’s highest civil immigration en-forcement priorities. 
(b) The budgetary effects of this section 
shall not be entered on either PAYGO score-card maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
(c) Notwithstanding Rule 3 of the Budget 
Scorekeeping Guidelines set forth in the joint explanatory statement of the com-mittee of conference accompanying Con-ference Report 105–217 and section 250(c)(8) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the budgetary effects of this section shall not be estimated— 
(1) for purposes of section 251 of the such 
Act; and 
(2) for purposes of paragraph 4(C) of section 
3 of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. 
S
EC. 581. (a) The Congress finds that— 
(1) under the Patient Protection and Af-
fordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), many individuals and businesses are required to purchase health insurance coverage for themselves and their employees; 
(2) individuals who were unlawfully present 
in the United States who have been granted 
deferred action under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program undertaken by the Executive Branch and who then receive work authorization are exempt from these requirements; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S798 February 4, 2015 
(3) many United States employers hiring 
United States citizens or individuals legally present in the United States are required to either offer those persons affordable health insurance or pay a penalty of approximately $3,000 per employee per year; and 
(4) an employer does not have to provide 
insurance, or in many instances pay a pen-alty, if they hire individuals who were not lawfully present but who have been granted deferred action under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program and work au-thorization. 
(b) It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) this disparate treatment has the unac-
ceptable effect of discouraging the hiring of United States citizens and those in a lawful immigration status in the United States; and 
(2) the Executive Branch should refrain 
from pursuing policies, such as granting de-ferred action under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program and work au-thorization to unlawfully present individ-uals, that disadvantage the hiring of United States citizens and those in a lawful immi-gration status in the United States. 
S
EC. 582. It is the sense of the Congress 
that the Director of United States Citizen-ship and Immigration Services (USCIS) should— 
(1) stop putting the interests of aliens who 
are unlawfully present in the United States ahead of the interests of aliens who are fol-lowing proper immigration laws and proce-dures by adjudicating petitions and applica-tions for immigration benefits submitted by aliens unlawfully present in the United States. When USCIS adjudicators and re-sources are used to adjudicate petitions and applications for aliens who are unlawfully present, the time it takes to process peti-tions and applications submitted by other aliens is significantly increased and a back-log is created. In addition, it is unfair to use the fees paid by other aliens to cover the costs of adjudicating petitions and applica-tions for aliens unlawfully present in the United States; and 
(2) use the funds available under existing 
law to improve services and increase the effi-ciency of the immigration benefits applica-tion process for aliens abroad or who are lawfully present in the United States. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 4, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 4, at 10 a.m. in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Building a More Secure Cyber Future: Examining Private Sector Experience with NIST Framework.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 4, at 2:30 p.m. in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a subcommittee hearing enti-tled, ‘‘The Impacts of Vessel Discharge Regulations on Our Shipping and Fish-ing Industries.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet for a joint hearing with the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee during the session of the Senate on February 4, 2015 at 10 a.m., in room HVC–210 of the Capitol Visitor Center, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Impacts of the Pro-posed Waters of the United States Rule on State and Local Governments.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 4, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–215 Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘The President’s Budget for Fiscal Year 2016.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 4, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Ending Modern Slavery: What is the Best way Forward?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 4, 2015, at 10 a.m., to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Deferred Ac-tion on Immigration: Implications and Unanswered Questions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on February 4, 2015, in room SD–628 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 4, 2015, at 2:00 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Special Committee on Aging be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 4, 2015, in room SD–562 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Broken Trust: Combating Financial Exploitation of Vulnerable Seniors.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
A
LEXANDER ). The majority leader. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE NEW ENG-
LAND PATRIOTS ON THEIR VIC-TORY IN SUPER BOWL XLIX 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-merce, Science, and Transportation Committee be discharged from consid-eration of S. Res. 63 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consider-ation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 63) congratulating the 
New England Patriots on their victory in Super Bowl XLIX. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 63) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of February 3, 
2015, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF THE 
CAPITOL ROTUNDA 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of H. Con. Res. 12, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-
tion by title. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 12) 
authorizing the use of the rotunda of the United States Capitol for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to Jack Nicklaus. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S799 February 4, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 12) was agreed to. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—H.R. 596 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 596) to repeal the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act and health care-related provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for its 
second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be read for the second 
time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, 
FEBRUARY 5, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10:30 a.m. on Thursday, February 5, 2015; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day. I further ask that following leader remarks, the Sen-ate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 240, with the time until 11:30 a.m. equally divided in the usual form, and that the mandatory quorum call with respect to the cloture vote and the motion to proceed to H.R. 240 be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
cloture vote on the motion to proceed will occur at 11:30 a.m. tomorrow morning. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator S
TABENOW and Senator S ES-
SIONS . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Alabama. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, we are 
in an odd world. Our Democratic col-leagues continue to have the gall to suggest and state that the Republicans are blocking funding for homeland se-curity in America when nothing could be further from the truth. 
I guess they have gotten away with 
blaming Republicans for blocking things, so they just keep on saying it. But the House has fully funded all the legal policies and programs within Homeland Security, and they sent the bill over here. 
What did they do? They simply said: 
You can’t take money out of homeland security enforcement for immigration 
and border security, and spend it on ac-tivities that violate the law, that un-dermine immigration law, that in fact are contrary to immigration law—that the President has said he intends to do no matter what Congress does, no mat-ter what the American people want. He says he is going to do it anyway. They simply say we are not going to fund that. 
So it comes over to pass. It fully 
funds the Department of Homeland Se-curity. It doesn’t change any of the laws in Homeland Security—and they say this is being obstructed by the Re-publicans. 
But look. What does the media say 
about it? How is it being reported? 
Here is Politico: ‘‘Democrats fili-
buster Department of Homeland Secu-rity bill.’’ That was yesterday. And that is exactly what is happening. They are filibustering the bill and say-ing Republicans are blocking it, when all that the Republicans are saying is: Let’s get on the bill. We can’t even get on the bill so amendments can be of-fered because they are filibustering the motion to proceed to the bill, blocking us even getting on the legislation so amendments can be offered. 
If they are not happy with anything 
in the bill—the language the House put in or anything else—they can offer amendments to deal with it and strike it out. 
That is what Politico said. How about the New York Times. 
They are always favoring Democratic immigration policies. This is their headline: ‘‘Senate Democrats Block Republicans’ Homeland Security Bill.’’ Isn’t that true? That is exactly true. 
How about the Atlantic. I think this 
is almost amusing: ‘‘The New Demo-cratic Obstructionists.’’ That is the headline in their publication. 
So I would push back at this. Are we 
through the looking glass? Are we down the rabbit hole into never-never land? Where are we? 
My good friend Senator S
CHUMER , 
one of our able advocates here—and I really admire him. But this is what he said earlier today: 
The right wing of the Republican party is 
risking a D.H.S., a Department of Homeland Security, shutdown to get their way on im-
migration. 
This is how Senator S CHUMER framed 
it: 
They’re saying take our hard right stance 
on immigration or we won’t fund national security. 
He goes on to say: 
We think the American people are on our 
side. We’re willing to have that debate. 
Well, why don’t we have it? Why 
don’t we bring the bill up and let’s have the debate if he wants to offer amendments contrary to what the House did? 
But remember, the House didn’t do 
anything but say we are going to spend money on all the programs in Home-land Security. It didn’t defund any of them. It didn’t change any of those rules. 
So, is it really true? Do only right-
wing Republicans want to end the President’s unlawful actions? No, no, no. That is not what the truth is. 
Why don’t I share with our col-
leagues here what many of our Demo-cratic Senators have said about the President’s unlawful action. Here is what the junior Senator from Indiana said: 
It is clear the immigration system in this 
country is broken, and only Congress has the ability to change the law to fix it . . . I am as frustrated as anyone that Congress is not doing its job, but the President shouldn’t make such significant policy changes on his own. 
That was just November last year. 
The senior Senator from Missouri 
said: 
Our immigration system is broken, and I 
support a comprehensive plan to fix it, but executive orders aren’t the way to do it. 
The senior Senator from West Vir-
ginia: 
I disagree with the President’s decision to 
use executive action to make changes to our immigration system. 
The junior Senator from North Da-
kota: 
I’m disappointed the president decided to 
use executive action at this time on this issue. . . . It’s Congress’ job to pass legisla-tion and deal with issues of this magnitude. 
Isn’t that true. 
The junior Senator from Maine: 
I also have constitutional concerns about 
where prosecutorial discretion ends and un-constitutional executive authority begins. 
Well, I share that thought. 
The junior Senator from Minnesota: 
I have concerns about executive action. 
. . . This is a job for Congress. 
The senior Senator from Virginia: 
. . . the best way to get a comprehensive so-lution is to take this through the legislative process. 
So are those right-wingers? Are those 
people who can’t be trusted to put the public interest first? Are they exag-gerating? Are they somehow all in error to question the power of the Pres-idency to execute this policy? 
No, and I will cite one more national 
leader that is well known. I would cite President Obama himself, who on 20 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S800 February 4, 2015 
different occasions said he did not have 
power to do what he now has done. So Congress is not passing any new law. Congress is not passing any new power. Congress is simply saying: Mr. Presi-dent, you cannot create new laws and fund new programs that are contrary to existing law, in violation of existing law, and in violation of the wishes of the American people and the decided actions of Congress itself. 
Remember all these ideas were pre-
sented to Congress, and Congress re-jected them. They were elected to rep-resent the people of the United States of America, and they rejected these policies. So why should Congress fund the President, who goes and does what they now reject? 
Well, Senator S
CHUMER says he be-
lieves the American people are on his side, or ‘‘our side,’’ the obstructionist side, the side that is blocking Home-land Security. 
Let’s look at the polling data. This is 
a poll from Paragon Insights. The ques-tion to the American people was: Should you focus on bettering work situations for Americans? Should that be our focus and not immigration ad-vancements or expansion. Among Democrats, 64 percent said yes. Among Independents, 75 percent said yes. 
What about this: Do you believe pro-
viding amnesty encourages illegal im-migration? Democrats, 63 percent. Is that part of the great rightwing con-spiracy? How about Independents—68 percent; Republicans, 88 percent. 
How about this: Do you believe ille-
gal immigrants take jobs from vulner-able citizens? Democrats, 57 percent; Independents, 73 percent. 
How about this one: Do you believe 
amnesty is disastrous and unconstitu-tional? Democrats, 53 percent; Inde-pendents, 70 percent. 
How about the question that illegal 
immigrants take jobs from vulnerable citizens. What do Hispanics say about that? Mr. President, 65 percent of His-panics agree with that. 
What about the question that pro-
viding amnesty encourages illegal im-migration? We all know that it does, and 63 percent of Hispanics agree with that. What about the question: Am-nesty will hollow out the middle class. We had a lot of talk about what to do with the middle class. Ask the middle class what they think for a change. Will amnesty hollow out the middle class? Independents—not Republicans, not Democrats, not rightwingers—73 percent agree; 62 percent of Hispanics agree with that statement. 
This idea somehow that the Amer-
ican people support blocking the Homeland Security bill to protect the President’s unlawful Executive am-nesty, that the American people sup-port the Democrats in doing that is not true. The data shows that, and that is consistent with my understanding. 
How about this question in a poll by 
Kellyanne Conway’s polling company, a nationwide survey: ‘‘President Obama recently said that he may go around Congress and take executive ac-
tion on immigration policy.’’ This was done back in August of last year. ‘‘Which do you support more: President Obama changing immigration policy on his own, or President Obama work-ing with Congress to change immigra-tion policy?’’ Well, 74 percent said he should work with Congress. Only 21 percent said he should do it on his own. 
How about Independents? How about 
the Independents—not conservative rightwingers? What do they view as to whether the President should work with Congress and pass a law in the or-derly business according to legitimate processes or do it on his own? Among Independents, 81 percent said he should work with Congress, and only 14 per-cent say he should do it on his own. 
So this idea that somehow the Amer-
ican people are all in support of Presi-dent Obama’s outrageous actions, which he himself 20 times said he had no power to do but did anyway, is just false. It is not true, and it is not true the Republicans are blocking the Homeland Security bill, either. The Democrats are filibustering the bill, not allowing it to come to the floor so even an amendment can be voted on. 
What do our colleagues do? They 
seem to think that if they say the Re-publicans are causing it to happen, then the media will accept it. But the media is not accepting this, and no-body is accepting this. And I hope the Democratic colleagues who openly question this policy will re-evaluate where they stand and think back. 
Isn’t this the thing to do? Let’s move 
to the bill, and then we can debate all the language and all the issues that are relevant and see where we go from there—not just block the bill. So I would urge colleagues to think that through and change their view from what they have been doing, which is supporting unanimously a filibuster. 
Now there is some simple Paragon 
Insights polling data. It asked a simple policy question without reference to Republicans and Democrats or Presi-dent Obama. What did they find in their poll, by a 50-point measure? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). The Senator’s time has ex-
pired. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I ask unanimous con-
sent for 2 additional minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I didn’t know we had 
a time limit. 
By a 50-point margin voters want to 
pass legislation making it harder to hire workers now illegally in the coun-try—71 to 21. They want us to protect American workers, to make it harder for businesses to hire people unlawfully in the country. We are not doing any of that. The President has given an Exec-utive order that provides 5 million peo-ple with work authorizations, Social Security cards, Social Security num-bers, and the right to take any job in America when we have a shortage of jobs in America. Female voters support this action by 
a 3-to-1 margin. Hispanic voters sup-port the measure by a 19-point margin, 56 to 37 percent. I would say blue-collar voters, people who go to work every day, strongly oppose the President’s action by more than a 3-to-1 margin. One in three Obama voters opposes his Executive action, overall. 
We are not going to stop. President 
Obama does not have the authority to do this. It is a challenge institutionally to this body. No matter what you feel about amnesty or providing benefits for people here unlawfully, it is Congress’s job, and we have to face up to it and wrestle with it. 
Some say that if we don’t approve it, 
then we are not facing up to it. I don’t agree. I think it is worth discussing and voting on it. So far Congress has rejected the President’s ideas of how it should be handled. I think they will continue to do so. The American people overwhelmingly want the Congress to defend their interests, to defend their right to work, to defend their declining wages, and to do something about the wages that are declining, to do some-thing about the difficulty their chil-dren have in finding a decent job—even college graduates. We don’t have a shortage of workers in this country; we have a shortage of jobs in this country. That is absolutely clear. 
We can do this country a great serv-
ice, and we can do the struggling, hurt-ing middle-class workers a great serv-ice if we slow down a bit in this unlaw-ful immigration flow. We have a gen-erous lawful flow. Let’s end the law-lessness and protect them, and maybe their wages will begin to rise, for a change, instead of falling, as they have done for a decade. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Thank you, Mr. 
President. First, let me say to my friend from Alabama, I couldn’t agree more that we need to focus on jobs. There is no question about it. 
I couldn’t agree more that we need to 
have a legal immigration system that works and that protects Americans first, in terms of jobs, people who are here legally, whether it is those work-ing in agriculture, whether it is those working in manufacturing or any other part of our economy. We can very quickly, if the new majority wants to, bring an immigration bill and address it. I think there are 68 of us, if I re-member right, who voted for a pretty big bipartisan effort last year, a major effort to actually fix a very broken sys-tem. There were important protections in there for American workers. It is something that would have been in-credibly important to get done and to put those prohibitions in. So this is not about that. 
It is very simple. The majority could 
very quickly pass the funding for Homeland Security to keep us safe and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S801 February 4, 2015 
immediately go to the issue of immi-
gration, and I would support it whole-heartedly, as would colleagues on this side of the aisle. 
Here is what we don’t support: hold-
ing the security of our country hostage while others debate policy, frankly, that was already agreed to by the ma-jority of the Senate last year. Regard-less of your feelings about the immi-gration policies, if you ask folks at this time, when terror threats are all around us, do they want games being played with the funding of our home-land security, the answer would be no— a resounding no. 
So let’s get on with the business in a 
bipartisan way of funding our national security effort, and then let’s imme-diately go to a vigorous and important debate about immigration. I would agree that should be done as soon as possible. 
Since the attacks of 9/11 in 2001, we 
have had a Department of Homeland Security that we organized and put to-gether to play a critical role in pro-tecting America against acts of terror. Make no mistake, as I said, we have terrorist threats all around us, yet, un-fortunately, our Republican colleagues are willing to shut down our Homeland Security Department to make a polit-ical point. 
Yesterday ISIS released a video 
showing the horrendous burning of a Jordanian pilot. It was unbelievable. But while that is happening, the Sen-ate can’t pass a Homeland Security funding bill. We need to pass a Home-land Security bill. Colleagues who are fighting about immigration are willing to shut down Homeland Security in order to make a point with the Presi-dent. 
This past weekend ISIS beheaded a 
Japanese contractor. Yet Republicans are willing to shut down Homeland Se-curity to make a point. Last week at a hotel in Libya an American was killed in an attack by ISIS. Yet colleagues on the other side of the aisle are willing to shut down Homeland Security in order to make a political point. Last month 11 people were killed in a terrorist strike against America’s oldest ally, France. Yet Republicans are willing to shut down Homeland Security. 
In November, a Canadian soldier was 
killed in an attack near the Canadian Parliament, just 60 miles from the U.S. border. Michigan is on that northern border. Yet Republicans are willing to shut down Homeland Security. In fact, we heard Republicans in the House say it wouldn’t be that big of a deal to shut down Homeland Security. Really? Any-body who reads the paper or watches the news can see what is happening every day around us, and Republicans in the House say it wouldn’t be a prob-lem to shut down Homeland Security? That is stunning. 
Detroit, MI, has the busiest northern 
border crossing in the country. It is the busiest northern border crossing for commerce, products, and people. We rely on our Customs and Border Patrol every single day. Customs and border 
security, airport security, and police and firefighters are on the frontlines every day protecting us. Let’s not for-get about the Coast Guard. All those folks are on the frontlines protecting our families in America. That is what we are debating. 
Do we want to play games with that? 
Do we want to hold Homeland Security hostage because of a debate with the President on another issue or do we fund Homeland Security and then have that debate? We can do it imme-diately—the same day. We could fund Homeland Security and then the Re-publican leader could immediately call up any bill he wants on immigration and then have that debate. Unfortu-nately—with terrorist threats all around us—Republicans are willing to shut down Homeland Security. 
Boko Haram is gaining strength in 
West Africa and hoping to inspire at-tacks against Americans. We know what they have done. Yet here we are debating whether Homeland Security is going to be shut down. 
In the months to come, we will need 
all of the hard-working men and women who work in every part of that agency to be full speed so they can pro-tect us. Unless Republican colleagues are willing to support a spending bill and get that done right away, we are going to see the Department of Home-land Security management and head-quarters stop functioning. Some 30,000 employees will be furloughed. People will be asked to work without pay— talk about jobs for people. 
In Detroit alone—and all over Michi-
gan—we get firefighter grants. The budget has already started, and we have 150 firefighters in the city of De-troit alone whose ongoing funding has been stalled. We have firefighters all across Michigan. We have very impor-tant law enforcement grants all over Michigan that at the moment are on hold and can’t go forward. 
We are talking about disrupting pro-
grams used to detect weapons of mass destruction and the training of local law enforcement officers who are on the frontlines of our defense. This makes no sense. 
It would be one thing if Republican 
colleagues were in the minority and they felt the only way we could have the debate they want to have is to tie the two together, but that is not the case. Republican colleagues are in the majority. We can pass Homeland Secu-rity together—100 to 0—and then get on to whatever immigration debate the majority wants to have or whatever else they would like to debate. We don’t have to hold the Homeland Secu-rity funding hostage in order to do it. 
This past August our Defense Sec-
retary said of ISIS: 
They are as sophisticated and well-funded 
as any group we have seen. They’re beyond just a terrorist group. 
When we think about it, we are talk-
ing about a well-funded terrorist group at the same time we are debating whether to fund our Homeland Secu-
rity agencies that keep us safe from ISIS and other terrorist threats. 
I implore Republican colleagues to 
join with us, regardless of the passion on this other issue. We can debate it. It can be addressed. 
There are Republican majorities in 
the House and Senate that can debate the President’s actions or debate any-thing for that matter, but we can cer-tainly debate immigration at any mo-ment. We do not have to hold the fund-ing for the national defense of our homeland hostage to do it. 
I encourage my colleagues to get on 
to the business of passing the funding. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10:30 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:06 p.m., 
adjourned until Thursday, February 5, 2015, at 10:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
THE JUDICIARY  
WAVERLY D. CRENSHAW, JR., OF TENNESSEE, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE MIDDLE DIS-TRICT OF TENNESSEE, VICE WILLIAM JOSEPH HAYNES, JR., RETIRED. 
LAWRENCE JOSEPH VILARDO, OF NEW YORK, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE RICHARD J. ARCARA, RE-TIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
EILEEN MAURA DECKER, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE CENTRAL DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE ANDRE BIROTTE, JR., RESIGNED. 
JOHN W. HUBER, OF UTAH, TO BE UNITED STATES AT-
TORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF UTAH FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE DAVID B. BARLOW, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. NINA M. ARMAGNO BRIG. GEN. JOHN D. BANSEMER BRIG. GEN. CASEY D. BLAKE BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL T. BREWER BRIG. GEN. ANTHONY J. COTTON BRIG. GEN. CLINTON E. CROSIER BRIG. GEN. THOMAS H. DEALE BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY G. FAY BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY S. GREEN BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH T. GUASTELLA, JR. BRIG. GEN. DAVID A. HARRIS BRIG. GEN. JAMES B. HECKER BRIG. GEN. SCOTT A. HOWELL BRIG. GEN. JAMES C. JOHNSON BRIG. GEN. MARK D. KELLY BRIG. GEN. MATTHEW H. MOLLOY BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL D. ROTHSTEIN BRIG. GEN. KEVIN B. SCHNEIDER BRIG. GEN. BARRE R. SEGUIN BRIG. GEN. THOMAS J. SHARPY BRIG. GEN. JAMES C. SLIFE BRIG. GEN. SCOTT F. SMITH BRIG. GEN. GIOVANNI K. TUCK BRIG. GEN. GLEN D. VANHERCK BRIG. GEN. JAMES C. VECHERY BRIG. GEN. SARAH E. ZABEL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RANDALL REED 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CHRISTOPHER A. COFFELT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S802 February 4, 2015 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JEFFREY A. KRUSE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ABEL BARRIENTES BRIG. GEN. BRIAN E. DOMINGUEZ BRIG. GEN. JOHN C. FLOURNOY, JR. BRIG. GEN. KATHRYN J. JOHNSON BRIG. GEN. KENNETH D. LEWIS, JR. BRIG. GEN. MARK L. LOEBEN BRIG. GEN. VINCENT M. MANCUSO BRIG. GEN. RONALD B. MILLER BRIG. GEN. KAREN A. RIZZUTI BRIG. GEN. RICHARD W. SCOBEE 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. RANDALL R. BALL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DIXIE A. MORROW 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER 
TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. LEONARD W. ISABELLE, JR. BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL T. MCGUIRE BRIG. GEN. SAMI D. SAID 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JAY N. SELANDERS 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TODD M. AUDET 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. ARTHUR E. JACKMAN, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. VITO E. ADDABBO COL. THOMAS L. AYERS COL. MAUREEN G. BANAVIGE COL. DENNIS T. BEATTY COL. JAMES N. COOMBES II COL. CHRISTIAN G. FUNK COL. JAY S. GOLDSTEIN COL. HUBERT C. HEGTVEDT 
COL. JOHN A. HICKOK COL. FARRIS C. HILL COL. JOHN M. HILLYER COL. CRAIG L. LAFAVE COL. PAMELA J. LINCOLN COL. LINDA M. MARSH COL. STEVEN R. ROSENMEIER COL. STAN A. SHELEY COL. PATRICK M. WADE COL. JOHN B. WILLIAMS 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHNNY S. LIZAMA COL. THOMAS W. RYAN COL. SCOTT A. YOUNG 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. BRIAN J. MENNES 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-
POINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
JEFFREY B. KRUTOY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:37 Feb 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\S04FE5.REC S04FE5rmajette on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E159 February 4, 2015 
RECOGNIZING REIMAN’S HARLEY– 
DAVIDSON IN KEWANEE, ILLI-NOIS FOR THEIR SERVICE TO OUR SERVICE MEMBERS 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Reiman’s Harley-Davidson in Kewanee, Illinois, for going above and beyond to serve the men and women who so bravely serve our country. 
These business owners have a policy to 
waive storage fees for the motorcycles of de-ployed service members. 
In their own words, they say ‘It is our honor 
to keep your bike safe and secure while you provide us with our freedoms. We hope you return to us safe and sound. Until that time, we will store your bike at no charge to you. This is our way of saying ‘Thank You’ for your service to our country.’ 
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to represent 
such a remarkable company, and I want to once again thank them for their continued ef-forts to honor the men and women of the United States Armed Forces. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF BILL 
CRAVER 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the career and accomplishments of a distinguished member of the Western New York community, Bill Craver on the occasion of his retirement after a remarkable career. 
Mr. Craver has served our community work-
ing for the Buffalo Sewer Authority for over 31 years. Mr. Craver began working for the Buf-falo Sewer Authority on June 6th, 1983 as a Millwright. Less than a year later he was pro-moted to Machinist. Prior to serving the City of Buffalo, Mr. Craver had worked at Van Nott Machinery, Buffalo Color and the Ford Stamp-ing Plant, where he is held in high regard by his co-workers. 
At the age of 92, Mr. Craver holds the title 
of the oldest active employee in the New York State Retirement System and oldest employee in the Buffalo Sewer System, a record that will undoubtedly be difficult to top. 
Mr. Craver is a veteran of the United States 
and an honored recipient of the Bronze Star for his service in the Second World War. Dur-ing World War II, he served in Okinawa and the Philippines, where his most gloried accom-plishment was shooting down two enemy air-crafts off shore of Okinawa on April 15, 1945. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise 
today to honor the amazing accomplishments of Bill Craver during his career and for his service as a decorated Veteran of WWII. I am 
pleased to join his family members, colleagues and friends in congratulating him on his retire-ment. Mr. Craver has earned a great deal of respect from his colleagues and friends and has certainly earned my sincere respect and admiration for his integrity, commitment, and impressive work ethic. I wish Mr. Craver con-tinued happiness and contentment in the fu-ture. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. GRANT 
GREIDER ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to recognize my constituent, Mr. Grant Greider, in celebration of his 100th birthday. 
Born in Middle Paxton Township, Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. Greider was the fifth of ten children born to Grant and Elizabeth Greider. Some of Grant’s earliest memories include traveling to Broad Street Market in Harrisburg, where he and his mother sold butter, cup cheese, and baked bean sandwiches. After graduating from Halifax High School in 1935, he married Ruth Deibler, and they had six children together. Ruth and Grant were married for 76 years until Ruth’s passing in 2011. In 1945, Mr. Greider moved his family to a farm in Jackson Township. To this day, Mr. Greider still helps his son, Randy, operate the farm. Mr. Greider was an employee of the Pennsylvania Rail-road for 39 years, where he worked alongside his father and three older brothers. He recalls first earning an hourly wage of 45 cents as a laborer. After many years of hard work, he was proud to see his salary increase to $7.50 an hour, right before his retirement in 1979. To this day, he still collects his hard-earned railroad pension. Additionally, Mr. Greider has held several elected offices in Jackson Town-ship, including Township Supervisor and Judge of Elections. As an avid participant in the democratic process, he has proudly voted in every election since turning 21 in 1936. 
Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize Mr. Greider 
on this important milestone, and to thank him for his time spent serving our local community. His commitment to family, hard work, Pennsyl-vania, and our nation is exemplary, and I wish him a happy and healthy 100th birthday cele-bration in the company of his family and friends. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, last week I 
regret that I was unable to cast my vote against H.R. 351, the Natural Gas Pipeline 
Permitting Reform Act. Had I voted, I would have voted NO on H.R. 351, in order to pro-tect the environment and our natural re-sources. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF 
CODIE PETERS 
HON. ROBERT HURT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I submit 
these remarks to commemorate the life of Codie Carter Peters who passed away Janu-ary 25, 2015. 
Mrs. Peters was a pillar in the Charlottes-
ville community. She was a successful actress and small business owner and a loving mother and grandmother. Active and passionate about politics, she served for six years in the Albe-marle-Charlottesville Republican Women’s League, two of them as its president. 
Codie Peters lived her life with an intense 
dedication to the persons and causes she loved. Whether she was asserting her opinion on an issue of national importance or speak-ing of her beautiful family, the twinkle in her eyes was always present. Codie relished shar-ing with all what she had in abundance: a love of family, a love of life, and a love of country. Her delight in her commitment to her husband, Steve, was infectious; they were partners in everything, from tending to their family to their public service in politics. 
Codie Peters will long be remembered for 
her dedication and her passion. She was pre-deceased by her parents and is survived and fondly remembered by her husband, Steven L. Peters; her daughter, Katherine J. Peters; her son-in-law, William A. Finn; and her two grandchildren, Bennett Grace and William Pat-rick Finn. 
My thoughts remain with the Peters family, 
and I am grateful for the opportunity to have known Codie Peters and to remember the wonderful life she led. 
f 
HONORING THE TOWN OF 
YOUNTVILLE 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the Town of Yountville, California on the 50th anniversary of its incor-poration. The Town of Yountville has devel-oped a reputation for culinary excellence, dis-tinguished lodging, fine wines and renowned retail businesses, which is especially impres-sive considering that the town has less than 3,000 residents. 
Yountville’s rich history dates back to 1831, 
when George Yount settled in Napa Valley. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K04FE8.001 E04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E160 February 4, 2015 
1836 Mr. Yount obtained the first land grant 
from the Mexican government awarded to a United States citizen in Northern California. By 1855, a surveyor had laid out the town’s bor-ders and Mr. Yount decided to call this town Sebastopol. Given that there was another town by the name of Sebastopol nearby, the town was renamed Yountville two years after Mr. Yount’s death in 1867 in honor of its founder and his invaluable contributions to the town’s beginning, which included planting the first grape vines in Napa Valley. 
On February 4, 1965, the City of Yountville 
was officially incorporated and in 1982 changed its name to Town of Yountville. Over the past 50 years the town has grown to al-most 3,000 residents. Today the town is home to many award-winning restaurants, such as The French Laundry which boasts a Three- Star Michelin rating, and which contributes to the town’s reputation as the ‘‘Culinary Capital of the Napa Valley’’. In addition to the town’s rich culinary history, Yountville’s wine, retail, and lodging industries attract tourists from around the world to this small town known as the ‘‘Heart of Napa Valley’’
TM. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct pleasure to 
recognize the Town of Yountville, California on the 50th anniversary of its incorporation. Yountville is a treasured part of our Napa Val-ley and I look forward to seeing the town con-tinue to prosper over the next 50 years. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,099,042,237,253.89. We’ve 
added $7,472,165,188,340.81 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 70TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE MORRIS COUNTY HISTORICAL SOCIETY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Morris County Historical Society, located in Morristown, Morris County, New Jersey, as it celebrates its 70th Anniver-sary. 
The Morris County Historical Society, also 
known as the MCHS, seeks to preserve, ex-hibit, and actively enhance its collections of historical items relating to Morris County, pre-dominantly during the Victorian period of American history. The MCHS believes in pro-viding Morris County with a place in which its residents may learn about the County’s inter-esting history. Through various exhibits, rang-ing from Victorian Architecture & Design Dis-play to the Women’s Suffrage Movement in NJ 
Display, the MCHS offers interactive programs that are both engaging and insightful. 
The MCHS is housed in Acorn Hall, named 
after the two-centuries-old red oak formerly lo-cated on the property. Built in 1853, Acorn Hall continues to retain its original interior de-sign characteristics and furnishings. In the Hall, the carpeting, wall covering, and decora-tive paint techniques mirror the original deco-rative selections implemented by the Hall’s longest tenured owners, Augustus and Mary Crane. These aesthetical aspects of the Hall help visitors understand what exactly life was like during the mid-19th century. 
Among the multiple programs and activities 
that the MCHS offers, its internship and volun-teer program offers those individuals inter-ested in maintaining some of Morris County’s most prized artifacts is rewarding for a diverse group of people. Ranging from college stu-dents to senior citizens, the MCHS welcomes all individuals who care about Morris County’s historical significance. The internship oppor-tunity is especially valuable for college stu-dents as it often offers college credit to interns for semester-long projects. The MCHS values these volunteers and interns by offering them free admittance to the Acorn Hall and invita-tions to members-only events. 
For members of the public, the MCHS offers 
guided tours of Acorn Hall. During these tours, MCHS tour guides help depict life during the Victorian era, and offer insightful explanations about the various artifacts housed in Acorn Hall. Though these tours generally last an hour, the experience leaves a long lasting im-pression. Also, after touring Acorn Hall, view-ers can swing by the Oakleaf Gift Shop and browse through various historical books de-scribing the role Morris County played in the Revolutionary War or the development of the Morristown Green. 
I commend the members of the MCHS, its 
officers, and its Board of Directors, especially Director Amy Curry, for their dedication to pro-moting Morris County’s rich history. Our soci-ety has consistently demonstrated a dedica-tion and commitment to preserving priceless artifacts for Morris County residents to enjoy for years to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating the Morris County Historical Society, as it celebrates its 70th An-niversary. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF EU-
LESS POLICE OFFICER TONY BURNETT 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I am proud 
to recognize retiring Senior Corporal Tony Burnett for his 25 years of public service as a Euless Police Officer. 
Tony Burnett began his career in public 
safety as a North Hills Mall security officer. In 1990, Tony’s aspiration to join law enforce-ment was achieved when Euless Police De-partment hired him as Public Service Officer in the role as a jailer. Tony worked in that capac-ity for over three years until he was promoted to Police Officer. Throughout Tony’s career, he continued to strive towards excellence 
which was acknowledged through the depart-ment with a promotion to Corporal in 1996 and Senior Corporal in 2008. In his leadership roles, Tony has supervised Patrol, Criminal In-vestigations and the Neighborhood Patrol Offi-cers Unit. 
Tony Burnett’s commitment to public safety 
encouraged him to undergo extensive training as a patrol officer, criminal investigator, and department police trainer. His training earned him the following certifications: Basic Police Certification in 1993, Intermediate Police Cer-tification in 1997, Advanced Police Certifi-cation in 1999, and Master Police Certification in 2004. In 1995, Tony received his Police Of-ficer Instructor License and his DARE Officer Certification. In total, Tony received over 1,700 hours of in-service training. Tony has also taught over 1,200 hours of police training in the Dallas-Fort Worth area, and he is highly recognized by the region’s law enforcement community as an outstanding instructor. 
Aside from his police training, Tony Burnett 
has also earned a Bachelor’s Degree from Co-lumbia College and a Master’s Degree in Criminology from the University of Texas at Arlington. 
Tony Burnett has led a distinguished career 
in the Euless Police Department where he re-ceived over 80 police commendations for pro-fessionalism and service to the community. He has also been nominated for numerous de-partment awards which include Rookie of the Year Award in 1993, Civic Achievement Award in 1998, Distinguished Service Award in 2005, and Police Officer of the Year in 2006. 
Tony Burnett and his wife Melissa of 20 
years have two children, Jacob and Andrew. Tony graduated from Richland High School in North Richland Hills, Texas, in 1989. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in thanking Tony Burnett for his years of public service as a Euless Police Officer. 
f 
PROTECTING WITH INTEGRITY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Victor Peschke of the Sugar Land Fire Department for being selected by the de-partment and the Sugar Land Citizen’s Fire Academy Alumni Association for the Fire-fighter of the Year Award. This award recog-nizes his exemplary character and actions in protecting our communities. 
Peschke’s firefighting career now spans six 
years. Since he joined the service of the Sugar Land Fire Department in 2011, he has honorably safeguarded the community and strengthened our public safety system. Peschke is not just a leader whose hard work and attitude others admire; he is a leader who inspires those who serve with him. Our com-munities are safer because of folks like Victor. 
I commend Victor Peschke for his exem-
plary service to his community. On behalf of the residents of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional of Texas, congratulations again to Vic-tor for being honored with Sugar Land’s Fire-fighter of the Year Award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE8.003 E04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E161 February 4, 2015 
THE INTRODUCTION OF THE DIS-
TRICT OF COLUMBIA PAPER-WORK REDUCTION ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-
duce the District of Columbia Paperwork Re-duction Act, to eliminate the wasteful congres-sional review process for legislation passed by the District of Columbia Council and to align longtime congressional practice and the law. The congressional review process for D.C. bills is ignored by Congress providing it no benefit, but imposes substantial costs (in time and money) on the District. Congress has al-most always used the appropriations process rather than the disapproval process and en-tirely abandoned the congressional review process as its mechanism for overturning D.C. legislation twenty-three years ago, and only used it three times before that, preferring rid-ers on D.C. appropriation bills instead. Yet Congress still requires the D.C. Council to use Kafkaesque make-work procedures to comply with the abandoned congressional review process established by the Home Rule Act of 1973. 
Our bill would eliminate the congressional 
review process for legislation passed by the D.C. Council. However, Congress would lose no authority it currently exercises because, even upon enactment of this bill, Congress would retain its authority under clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the U.S. Constitution to amend or overturn any D.C. legislation at any time. 
The congressional review process (30 days 
for civil bills and 60 days for criminal bills) in-cludes those days when either house of Con-gress is in session, delaying D.C. bills from becoming law, often for many months. The delay forces the D.C. Council to pass most bills several times, using a cumbersome and complicated process to ensure that the oper-ations of this large and rapidly changing city continue uninterrupted, avoiding a lapse of the bill before it becomes final. The review period, based on legislative, not calendar, days means, for example, that a 30-day period usu-ally lasts three calendar months and often much longer because of congressional re-cesses. The congressional review period for a bill that changed the word ‘‘handicap’’ to ‘‘dis-ability’’ lasted nine months. The Council esti-mates that 50–65 percent of the bills the Council passes could be eliminated if the re-view period did not exist. To ensure that a bill becomes law, the Council often must pass the same legislation in three forms—emergency (in effect for 90 days), temporary (in effect for 225 days) and permanent. Moreover, the Council has to carefully track the days the House and Senate are in session for each D.C. bill it passes to avoid gaps and to deter-mine when the bills have taken effect. The Council estimates that it could save 5,000 em-ployee-hours and 160,000 sheets of paper per two-year legislative Council period if the re-view period were eliminated. House Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY addressed the issue 
of saving such resources by eliminating the amount of paperwork sent to Congress when he proposed a cut in the number of reports that federal agencies are required to submit to Congress. Our bill is a perfect candidate be-
cause it eliminates a paperwork process that repeats itself without interruption. 
My bill would do no more than align the 
Home Rule Act with congressional practice over the last twenty-three years. Of the more than 5,000 legislative acts transmitted to Con-gress since the Home Rule Act, only three resolutions disapproving D.C. legislation have been enacted—in 1979, 1981, and 1991—and two of those mistakenly involved federal inter-ests in the Height Act and the location of chanceries. Placing a congressional hold on 5,000 D.C. bills has not only proven unneces-sary, but has imposed fruitless costs on the D.C. government, residents and businesses. District residents and businesses are also placed on hold because they have no certainty when D.C. bills, from taxes to regulations, will take effect, making it difficult to plan. Instead of using the congressional review process to overturn D.C. legislation, Congress has pre-ferred to use appropriation riders. Therefore, it is particularly unfair to require the D.C. Coun-cil to engage in a labor-intensive and costly process that Congress has itself long aban-doned. My bill would only eliminate the auto-matic hold placed on D.C. legislation and the need for the D.C. Council to use a process ini-tially passed for the convenience of Congress, but that Congress has since eliminated in all but law. This bill would promote efficiency and cost savings for Congress, the District, its resi-dents, and businesses without reducing con-gressional oversight, and would carry out a policy stressed by Congress of eliminating needless paperwork and make-work redun-dancy. 
I urge my colleagues to support this good- 
government measure. 
f 
HONORING DOMINICAN HERITAGE 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to 
honor the rich culture and heritage of Dominicans, during the month of Carnival, the most important period of religious celebration in the Dominican Republic. Dominicans are dedicated members of our communities and have contributed so much to our country. This month, we take the opportunity to acknowl-edge and applaud their service to our nation and their many great achievements. 
Dominicans in our nation have been moti-
vated by the value of hard work and the bonds of family—the same pillars that have formed the foundation of our society for over 230 years. From Secretary of Labor Thomas Perez, the first Dominican-American to serve in the Cabinet, to Pedro Martinez, a former pitcher for the New York Mets who was re-cently elected to the Hall of Fame, Dominicans are trailblazers who strengthen America’s di-verse cultural heritage. 
Dominicans are one of the fastest growing 
Hispanic groups in America. 1.5 million people of Dominican descent currently live in the United States. With over 700,000 people, Dominicans are the largest Hispanic group in New York City. I am honored to serve a con-gressional district with a significant Dominican population. They bring vibrant and rich cultural and economic contributions to every neighbor-
hood in my district, from Washington Heights to Inwood. 
I am fortunate to have many excellent orga-
nizations, in my district, that promote Domini-can culture and empower Dominicans living in Manhattan and the Bronx. The Dominican Women’s Development Center, New York Do-minican Officers’ Organization, Dominican Medical Association, National Dominican Women’s Caucus, Community Association of Progressive Dominicans, Alianza Dominicana, Dominican Bar Association, Association of Do-minican Classical Artists, Dominican Cultural Civic Center, Mirabal Sisters Cultural and Community Center all help strengthen their communities and improve the lives of Dominicans in New York. 
Like so many generations of immigrants, 
Dominicans have fought tirelessly to achieve the American Dream. They come to this great nation seeking a home, a place to raise their families, and a community that will nurture their dreams. From the initial wave of Domini-can migration in the 1960s to the most recent arrivals of today, Dominicans have graced our nation with their culture and traditions. Their contributions are integral to the success of our great nation and to strengthening the Amer-ican fabric. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CHRISTOPHER P. GIBSON 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
51; 52; 53 H.R. 361, the Medical Prepared-ness Allowable Use Act; H.R. 623, the Social Media Working Group Act; H.R. 615, the De-partment of Homeland Security Interoperable Communications Act. 
Due to inclement weather, I was not present 
for the vote series on Monday, February 2, 2015. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
AYE. 
f 
RENEWABLE FUEL STANDARD 
(RFS) REFORM ACT 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to join my colleagues Representatives P ETER  
WELCH , STEVE WOMACK and J IMCOSTA as we 
introduce the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) Reform Act, a common sense solution to en-sure that renewable fuels compete fairly in the marketplace and avoid causing unintended and negative consequences for American con-sumers. 
The federal government’s creation of an arti-
ficial market for the ethanol industry has quite frankly triggered a domino effect that is hurting our nation’s consumers, energy users, live-stock producers, food manufacturers, retailers, and natural resources. Renewable fuels play an important role in our all-of-the-above en-ergy policy, but should compete fairly in the marketplace and not be the beneficiary of an anti-competitive government mandate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04FE8.008 E04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E162 February 4, 2015 
American families and businesses should 
not have to shoulder the high cost of an un-workable federal ethanol mandate through the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS). According to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), the heightened 2017 RFS requirements would in-crease the amount of total U.S. food expendi-tures by $3.5 billion. At the same time, the De-partment of Energy shows a decrease in fuel mileage—triggering increasing energy costs and lasting impacts on the environment. 
The RFS mandates that 36 billion gallons of 
renewable fuels be part of our nation’s fuel supply by 2022. However, in 2014 nearly 40 percent of the U.S. corn crop was used for ethanol production. This is more than the amount of corn used to feed livestock and poultry in the United States. 
This is a kitchen table issue—this unwork-
able policy impacts every American family try-ing to make financial decisions. From food costs to wear and tear on the family car and other equipment many families use, the RFS means added costs and less money for other purchases. 
The RFS debate is no longer just a debate 
about fuel or food. It is also a debate about jobs, small business, economic growth, and freedom. 
The RFS is also hurting—not helping—to 
preserve our natural resources. The EPA has provided evidence that shows ethanol pro-duced 33 percent more emissions in 2012 than gasoline. The RFS is impacting the qual-ity of life for all Americans. The nation has hit the ‘‘blend wall’’ or the point at which we can no longer blend ethanol into gasoline at levels safe for all engines. 
This Congress is the time for RFS reform. 
The momentum around this issue continues to grow. Last year, we found that more than 218 Members of Congress were on record—either by cosponsoring legislation or signing letters— expressing concerns about the current policy. 
The support from various stakeholders also 
continues to expand as the RFS Reform Act is endorsed by a broad spectrum of groups representing livestock, small engines, tax-payers, restaurants, boats, food manufac-turing, environmental issues, and food aid. I urge my colleagues to join me in support of the Renewable Fuel Standard Reform Act to address the increasing costs of this broken federal policy impacting our nation’s citizens. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 90TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE NEW YORK STATE ASSOCIATION OF COUNTIES (NYSAC) 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the 90th Anniversary of the New York State Association of Counties (NYSAC). 
NYSAC was established by a group of com-
mitted local leaders in 1925 for the purposes of training county officials and advocating for the needs of local governments. Since that time, the organization has become the only statewide association representing the inter-ests of New York’s 62 counties, including the five boroughs of New York City. 
NYSAC advocates for the interests of tax-
payers and county officials at the state and federal levels of government. In addition, the 
association provides its members with training, educational resources, and information relating to public policy. 
Despite the tremendous diversity found in 
New York, NYSAC has consistently and effec-tively promoted the best interests of all its members, from the urban areas downstate to the rural and suburban areas of my congres-sional district. I commend NYSAC on its ability to combine such different perspectives into a single unified mission that serves the interests of each county. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my sincere pleasure to 
congratulate NYSAC on 90 years of excellent service to the counties, citizens, and officials of the State of New York. The professionalism and commitment displayed by the associa-tion’s staff have ensured the effective man-agement and delivery of county services. I sa-lute NYSAC for a job well done, and extend my best wishes for continued success in the future. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF PLAID HOUSE, INC. 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Plaid House, Inc. located in Morristown, New Jersey as it celebrates its 
40th Anniversary. 
Over the last forty years, Plaid House has 
stayed true to its mission of providing residen-tial and counseling services to adolescents in northern New Jersey. Since its foundation, the members of Plaid House, Inc. have worked tirelessly to improve the lives of so many young adults, as evidenced by the impact its programs have had on the community. 
In December of 1970, Katherine Merck was 
asked by the Morris County Probation Office if she would be willing to take a seventeen year old girl into her home for the holidays. The local residential treatment center would be closed due to the holidays, and the judge had decreed that the girl, despite lacking a criminal history, would be placed in Clinton State Pris-on for Women if an alternative could not be found. Upon taking the young woman into her home, Kate learned from the young woman about the numerous girls from the community that were often left without a place to live. So, she decided to start a group home for girls in Morris County, and within a few years, the Plaid House group home opened its doors. 
The goal of the Plaid House group home is 
to provide a complete living experience and therapeutic environment for troubled adoles-cent girls. The residents of the Plaid House group home are placed there by the Depart-ment of Children and Families. The girls can range in age from fourteen to eighteen years old and are accepted from anywhere in New Jersey. Girls are enrolled in local school and encouraged to involve themselves in the com-munity through afterschool programs, working, and volunteering. The group home staff pro-vides a varied schedule throughout the week including recreational and educational activi-ties. All girls regularly participate in individual and group counseling, provided both on site by the Program Manager and off site by thera-pists in community agencies. When it opened its doors in 1975, Plaid 
House group home began with a capacity for five girls and was staffed by two houseparents. Since then, the number of girls at the home has expanded to ten, with super-vision increasing to a team of full-time staff working twenty-four hours a day to serve these girls. The group home even underwent an expansion construction project in 2003 to provide much needed additional space and improve the quality of living for its residents. 
Plaid House, Inc. also offers Thenen House, 
which opened in 1989, to provide a supervised transitional living program to young women who have outgrown group homes, but have been assessed as being unable to return home. The residents are young women of ages from sixteen to twenty, who are under the supervision of Child Protection and Perma-nency and need assistance in preparing for independence. Here the residents are required to participate in a full-time educational and employment program, helping them to develop practical skills, establish emotional independ-ence, and learn budgeting techniques; the budgeting program demands that the women save fifty percent of their wages, which will be returned to them when they leave the pro-gram. 
Plaid House’s Aftercare Program provides 
counseling to adolescent males and females who have been discharged by Child Protection and Permanency from residential placements or foster care. The goal of the program is to help these young adults transition successfully from out of home placement into the commu-nity, whether they are returning to their homes or moving out to live on their own. In addition, Their Aging Out Program serves male and fe-male clients of ages fifteen to twenty who are under the supervision of Child Protection and Permanency and currently in out of home placement. The young adults participate in life skills training, presented in weekly workshops, which follow a curriculum including employ-ment skills, money management, career plan-ning, further education, communication, and problem solving. Each participant completes a skills assessment at the beginning and end of the program to measure the progress made from training. 
Since the opening of their group home forty 
years ago, Plaid House has moved hundreds of young adults through their programs. Though the organization has undergone var-ious changes and improvements since its in-ception, their commitment to providing these adolescents with opportunities for success has remained constant. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating Plaid House, Inc, its dedicated staff and Board of Directors as it celebrates its 40th Anniversary. 
f 
‘‘HONOR, COURAGE, COMMITMENT’’ 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Brice Kolle for being named the December 2014 Cadet of the Month by the Marine Military Academy. Kolle, a freshman at the Marine Military Academy, hails from my hometown of Sugar Land in TX–22. This es-teemed award recognizes his exemplary char-acter, leadership, academic achievement, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A04FE8.011 E04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E163 February 4, 2015 
esprit de corps while serving in the pre-
paratory school’s band. 
Kolle’s superb attitude and dedication to his 
studies will continue to serve him well at the Marine Military Academy and beyond. Receiv-ing this honor, speaks to Kolle’s dedication to uphold academy’s mission and values. 
I commend Brice Kolle for his outstanding 
leadership and development of character thus far in his academic career. On behalf of the residents of the Twenty-Second Congressional District of Texas, congratulations again to Kolle for being named the Marine Military Academy’s Cadet of the Month for the Leath-erneck Band for December 2014. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LEGACY OF 
RICHARD NAMEY 
HON. ALAN GRAYSON 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-
ognize the life and legacy of Richard ‘‘Rick’’ Ellis Namey, who died of a heart attack on February 26 at the age of 66. Rick wasn’t a man defined by one title, one line of work, or one talent. He was many things: successful concert promoter, advertising genius, pitchman, standup comic, author, screenwriter, and political activist. Friends and family say one thing is certain; he didn’t do anything half-way. With every endeavor, he went all out. 
Rick was born in Baltimore on February 12, 
1949. The oldest son of Albert and Salam Namey, his father met his mother while trav-eling abroad in Beirut, Lebanon. An aerospace engineer, Albert took a job with Martin Mari-etta and the family moved to Orlando when Rick was 10. 
Rick began pursuing his ambitions while at-
tending Winter Park High School and Sanford Naval Academy. At age 16, he won a teen disc jockey competition on WLOF-AM and began managing local bands like Mr. Banana and the Bunch and Marshmallow Steamshovel. He was also a performer. 
Rick’s first business venture was a coffee 
shop called The Hobbit in Daytona Beach, which catered to the hippie crowd, followed by The Purple Door in Bithlo. His success book-ing national acts like Bob Seger and the Silver Bullet Band for events at the Tangerine Bowl and the Daytona International Speedway led him to start Cosmic Productions. Rick was part of the promotional team for Woodstock and appears in a documentary about the 1969 music festival. 
Rick took ideas and turned them into reality, 
even if they failed. During the Summer of Love, he started a business selling love beads. He had an importer, stringer, and packager and he was going to make thou-sands—until it was revealed the ink on his product was poisonous. Despite some set-backs, Rick’s many successes were featured in an Orlando Sentinel article when he was just 23. 
An active participant in the civil rights move-
ment, Rick attended rallies and worked on presidential campaigns including McGovern/ Eagleton and Carter/Mondale. Though Central Florida was always his home and he worked hard to promote it, he often rubbed elbows with the rich and famous. Old photos show 
Rick and the Carter family at home watching the Kentucky Derby in the 1970s. 
The list of Rick’s accomplishments is long. 
Rick and his brother, Charles, started two of Orlando’s first black pop radio stations— WORJ and WORL—and Kissimmee’s first tourist channel. Rick had a nationally syn-dicated radio show with Hugh Rodham, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s brother. He also served as interim manager for the Backstreet Boys and cut an album of Vietnam War protest songs. 
Through his company, Stuyvesant Corpora-
tion, Rick wrote hundreds of TV and radio ads including ‘‘Mr. Stereo and Video,’’ ‘‘Mad Max,’’ ‘‘Cheese Wars’’ and ‘‘Sounds Unlimited.’’ Many of his ads garnered him national Addy Awards for creative excellence. 
Rick was most proud of his screenwriting, 
which included Lake Woebegone Boys with Garrison Keiler, and Matt Merlin, a story about a kid wizard. Universal Studios optioned Matt Merlin well before Harry Potter took the world by storm. 
He was also the author of several published 
non-fiction books including Fodor’s Disney Like A Pro, Orlando Like A Pro, and Buy This Book and Make Me Rich, a political satire. His most recent book, Casey’s Ghost, chronicled his brief stint as the ghost writer for Casey An-thony, who was acquitted of the 2008 murder of her daughter Caylee in a trial televised worldwide. 
Mr. Namey was a longtime member of 
Mensa. In recent years, he spent his time vol-unteering for local Democratic candidates and rallying for liberal causes. His ideas never stopped, his opinions grew stronger with age, and his love for his family was unparalleled. 
I am humbled to honor the memory, life, 
and outstanding achievements of Richard Namey. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 54–58 due to a family emer-gency. 
Had I been present, I would have voted no 
on #54, no on #55, no on #56, yes on #57, and no on #58. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE ROTARY CLUB OF JEFFERSON TOWNSHIP 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Rotary Club of Jefferson Township, New Jersey, as it celebrates its 50th anniversary. 
The Rotary Club of Jefferson Township 
dedicates itself to bettering the township through the completion of communal projects. This organization seeks to improve the local 
community with the goal of ensuring that the Jefferson Township region is a wonderful place in which to live, work and raise a family. The greater Jefferson Township area benefits immensely from this organization’s dedication to its neighbors and friends. 
Since 1965, the Rotary Club of Jefferson 
Township has devoted its time and energy to facilitating projects for the benefit of the com-munity. From distributing dictionaries to third graders to financing the construction of four vocational schools in Romania, this organiza-tion’s members continuously find ways to help those people in need of assistance. Whenever an opportunity arises to help others, like par-ticipating in End Polio Now, Rotary Club mem-bers always seem to be the first volunteers to respond. 
Recently, this organization began several 
new projects in order to support members of the Jefferson Township community. On De-cember 6th and 7th, the Rotary Club partici-pated in the Sparta Christmas Bazaar by sell-ing desserts and candies to help fund its oper-ations. The Rotary Club also sold Gertrude Hawk chocolate bars to fund its third grader dictionary distribution project. This organiza-tion is also participating in ‘‘Walkfest 2015,’’ a Sunday morning event where participants walk in Waterloo Village, located in Byram, New Jersey. During this fundraising event, partici-pants may donate money to various organiza-tions, including the Rotary Club, and have the opportunity to receive prizes. 
The Rotary Club of Jefferson also believes 
in a rich cultural experience for students. To ensure that students from Jefferson Township expand their education outside of the class-room, the Rotary Club funds a Japanese Sum-mer Exchange Program. In this program, American students spend three weeks on the island of Shikoku, while Japanese students spend three weeks in Northern New Jersey. Those students in Shikoku live with Japanese families and encounter Japanese culture, cui-sine and customs. Those students visiting New Jersey live with families affiliated with the Rotary Club, and attend excursions to New York City. This program is yet another in-stance of the Rotary Club’s commitment to students’ educational experience. 
To celebrate 50 successful years of offering 
assistance to those in need, the Rotary Club of Jefferson Township is holding an anniver-sary dinner on Tuesday, February 24th at the Casa Bianca Restaurant in Oak Ridge, New Jersey. At this celebration, the Rotary Club will host buffet-style culinary offerings, as well as a cash bar. In honor of its dedication to 50 years of service, the Rotary Club will present its 2015 Citizen Year Award to Alice and Bela Szigethy. 
I commend the members of the Rotary Club 
of Jefferson Township, especially Alice and Bela Szigethy, for their dedication to improving the Jefferson Township area. The club has consistently demonstrated a dedication and commitment to improving the community and successfully completing numerous communal projects. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating the Rotary Club of Jefferson, its members and Board of Directors as it celebrates its 50th anniversary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE8.014 E04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E164 February 4, 2015 
HONORING THE CHEERLEADING 
TEAM FROM THOMAS W. KELLY HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the cheerleading team from Thomas W. Kelly High School in Benton, Mis-souri. At the National Cheerleaders Associa-tion Championship this year they took home the first place trophy, earning their first Na-tional Championship. They earned this by working hard and setting their eyes on the prize early on. During their practices they fo-cused on quality, not quantity and the team would come together and give it their all to perfect their routines. 
Last October, the cheerleading team proudly 
took home the title of Class 2A Large State Champion, but they did not stop there. They traveled to St. Charles for the National Cham-pionship to compete with schools from all over the country. 
During the competition, the Kelly High 
School cheerleading team competed against schools more than ten times the size of their own. This may have seemed daunting to some, but the team came prepared and rep-resented Scott County admirably. 
This is the first National Championship tro-
phy for the cheerleaders of Thomas W. Kelly High School, but I do not see it being their last. It is my privilege to recognize their achievements and hard work before the House of Representatives. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF SAINT JOHN THE BAPTIST RUSSIAN ORTHODOX GREEK CATHOLIC CHURCH 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the parish of Saint John the Baptist Russian Orthodox Greek Catholic Church, located in Little Falls, New Jersey as it celebrates its 100th Anniversary. 
The parish of Saint John the Baptist Rus-
sian Orthodox Greek Catholic Church has been an active part of the Little Falls commu-nity since its founding in 1915. Through its weekly masses, education center, and cultural celebrations, the church greatly reflects and celebrates its culture which has been rooted in the church by its founders, while still taking on new members in the present day. 
Saint John’s was the product of two migra-
tions: one from Europe prior to 1915 and one from Pennsylvania about a decade later. The original church was built in 1915 as a place for the Orthodox faithful to embrace their history, culture, and religion. In 1917, the church es-tablished a Russian School Program for the 
youth. Over the years, the Orthodox popu-lation in the area grew, as did the church itself. In 1952, the architectural firm S.E. Greydanus & Son was hired to construct the new building. The project began on June 24, 1952. During the construction period, services were held at the Signac Public School and the Signac Fire House. Less than one year later, the project was completed and the first service was held in the new building on April 2, 1953. From 1957 through 1970, the church contin-ued to purchase new land and build additions. Its final project, an education-recreation cen-ter, was completed on April 17, 1970. 
The Parish of Saint John’s has been helping 
the Orthodox community celebrate and prac-tice their religion and beliefs. The church has also done much more; with the construction of its education center it has been able to offer programs such as a youth recreation center Sunday school, and much more to help edu-cate the youth of the Orthodox community. The Sunday school teaches the youth about their religion and what it means to be an Or-thodox Christian. Additionally, Saint John the Baptist Church invites all of those who wish to practice and understand their Orthodox beliefs to join them. 
For Saint John the Baptist’s Centennial 
Celebration, I commend all of the pastors and committees of the Parish. Since its founding, Saint John’s has been supported by the peo-ple of Little Falls; this is one of the main rea-sons why the parish is still a big part of the community. After 100 years of outstanding service to the Township of Little Falls, I com-mend and congratulate Saint John the Baptist Church for all of its hard work and dedication. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating the Parish of Saint John the Baptist Russian Orthodox Greek Catholic Church, as it celebrates its 100th An-niversary. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE MEDICARE 
DEMONSTRATION OF COVERAGE FOR LOW VISION DEVICES ACT OF 2015 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, it is estimated that more than 60 million Americans are at risk of serious vision loss—a number expected to increase as the baby boomer generation ages. Along with my colleague Rep. G
USBILIRAKIS , I am proud to 
reintroduce legislation to support Americans with limited or impaired vision. For someone with a visual impairment, reading a book or crossing the street could be blurred or dis-torted even with the help of glasses or contact lenses. In many cases a physician can pre-scribe magnifiers or special optical devices to help an individual remain independent. While there are a wide variety of options to help people with low vision, currently, there is an exclusion from Medicare coverage for devices 
that include a lens to aid vision or provide magnification of images for impaired vision. Ultimately, not having these assistance de-vices could shift more individuals from inde-pendent living to care facilities or nursing homes. 
To understand the impact of covering these 
devices for America’s seniors, we are intro-ducing the Medicare Demonstration of Cov-erage for Low Vision Devices Act of 2015. This legislation would create a five-year na-tional demonstration project administered by the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices to evaluate the economic impact of allow-ing reimbursement for certain low vision de-vices under the Social Security Act. Coverage of such devices could help Medicare bene-ficiaries with low vision lead healthy, safe, and independent lives. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 51–53 due to a family emer-gency. Had I been present, I would have voted yes on #51, yes on #52, and yes on #53. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DOROTHY 
KREUTER ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor a dedicated public servant in my Congressional District, Officer Dorothy Kreuter of the Doylestown Township Police Depart-ment. Last month, Officer Kreuter celebrated her retirement after serving 26 years with the department—an accomplishment for which we are all grateful. 
Officer Kreuter was the first female officer in 
the Doylestown Township Police Department. Since joining the force, she faithfully devoted her life to protecting the health, safety and well-being of the constituents in the Central Bucks community. No matter the call, Officer Kreuter carried out her many responsibilities with a sense of skill and professionalism that was critical to the department’s success over several decades. The integrity she displayed for her job, and sense of duty is unmatched. 
Officer Kreuter is a trusted friend to many 
on the Police Department, and many in our community. I along with the residents of the 8th Congressional District wish her the best of luck in her retirement, and appreciate her many years of service and unwavering com-mitment to duty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A04FE8.018 E04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E165 February 4, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
February 5, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 10 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine global chal-
lenges and the United States national security strategy. 
SH–216 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine regulatory 
relief for community banks and credit unions. 
SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Surface Transportation 
and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety, and Security 
To hold hearings to examine keeping 
goods moving. 
SR–253 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine tax reform, 
focusing on lessons Congress can learn from the Tax Reform Act of 1986. 
SD–215 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine the reemer-
gence of vaccine-preventable diseases, focusing on exploring the public health successes and challenges. 
SD–106 
FEBRUARY 11 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the situa-
tion in Afghanistan. 
SH–216 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Environmental Protection Agen-cy’s (EPA) proposed carbon dioxide emissions rules from new, modified, and existing power plants. 
SD–406 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine the Na-
tional Labor Relations Board’s (NLRB) new election rule, focusing on employ-ers and employees. 
SD–430 
10 a.m. 
Committee on the Budget 
To hold hearings to examine Social Secu-
rity disability trust fund insolvency. 
SD–608 Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine the Inter-
net. 
SR–253 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the Govern-
ment Accountability Office’s (GAO) 2015 list of high risk government pro-grams. 
SD–342 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine ending mod-
ern day slavery, focusing on the role of United States leadership. 
SD–419 
FEBRUARY 12 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Department of En-ergy. 
SD–366 
FEBRUARY 24 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Department of the Interior. 
SD–366 
FEBRUARY 26 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the Presi-
dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2016 for the Forest Service. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:33 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M04FE8.000 E04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D104 Wednesday, February 4, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S741–S802 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-three bills and six 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 356–378, S.J. Res. 6–7, and S. Res. 65–68.
               Pages S771–72 
Measures Reported: 
S. 227, to strengthen the Federal education re-
search system to make research and evaluations more timely and relevant to State and local needs in order to increase student achievement.
                         Page S771 
Measures Passed: 
Congratulating the New England Patriots: 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 63, congratulating the New England Patriots on their victory in Super Bowl XLIX, and the reso-lution was then agreed to.
                                      Page S798 
Authorizing the Use of the Rotunda: Senate 
agreed to H. Con. Res. 12, authorizing the use of the rotunda of the United States Capitol for a cere-mony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to Jack Nicklaus.
                                                       Pages S798–99 
Measures Considered: 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act—Agreement: Senate continued consider-
ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015.
                        Pages S741–44, S755–59 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
Pursuant to the order of February 3, 2015, the 
motion to proceed to the motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on February 3, 2015, was agreed to.
                                            Page S759 
Pursuant to the order of February 3, 2015, the 
motion to reconsider the vote by which cloture was not invoked on February 3, 2015, was agreed to. 
                                                                                              Page S759 
By 53 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. 52), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having not voted in the affirmative, Senate upon reconsideration rejected the motion to close further debate on the 
motion to proceed to consideration of the bill. 
                                                                                              Page S759 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at approximately 10:30 a.m., on Thursday, February 5, 2015, with the time until 11:30 a.m. equally divided in the usual form.
                                                                                   Page S799 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the 
continuation of the national emergency that was de-clared in Executive Order 13396 on February 7, 2006, with respect to the situation in or in relation to Cote d’Ivoire; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–4)
                                                                              Page S768 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Waverly D. Crenshaw, Jr., of Tennessee, to be 
United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee. 
Lawrence Joseph Vilardo, of New York, to be 
United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of New York. 
Eileen Maura Decker, of California, to be United 
States Attorney for the Central District of California for the term of four years. 
John W. Huber, of Utah, to be United States At-
torney for the District of Utah for the term of four years. 
68 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. A routine list in the Air Force.
              Pages S801–02 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S768 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S768 
Measures Read the First Time:           Pages S768, S799 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S768–71 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S772–73 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S773–81 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:28 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\D04FE5.REC D04FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D105 February 4, 2015 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S767–68 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S786–98 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S798 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—52)                                                                      Page S759 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:06 p.m., until 10:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, February 5, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S799.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATION 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nomination of Ashton B. Carter, of Massachusetts, to be Secretary of Defense, after the nominee, who was introduced by former Senator Lieberman, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS 
AND TECHNOLOGY FRAMEWORK 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine private sector experience with the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) framework, focus-ing on building a more secure cyber future, after re-ceiving testimony from Charles H. Romine, Direc-tor, Information Technology Laboratory, National Institute of Standards and Technology, Department of Commerce; Ann M. Beauchesne, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Paul Smocer, BITS/Financial Services Roundtable, and James A. Lewis, Center for Stra-tegic and International Studies, all of Washington, DC; and Jeff England, Silver Star Communications, Freedom, Wyoming. 
IMPACTS OF VESSEL DISCHARGE 
REGULATIONS 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and Coast Guard concluded a hearing to examine the im-pacts of vessel discharge regulations on shipping and fishing industries, after receiving testimony from Claudia Copeland, Specialist in Resources and Envi-ronmental Policy, Resources Science and Industry Division, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress; James F. Farley, Kirby Offshore Marine, LLC, Houston, Texas; James H. I. Weakley, Lake Carriers’ Association, Rocky River, Ohio; and Robert F. Zales, II, Bob Zales Charters, Panama City, Flor-ida, on behalf of the National Association of 
Charterboat Operators. 
ADMINISTRATION’S PROPOSED 
EXPANSION OF WATER REGULATIONS 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee concluded a joint hearing with the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to examine state and local impacts of Administration’s proposed expansion of water regulations, after receiv-ing testimony from Jo-Ellen Darcy, Assistant Sec-retary of the Army for Civil Works, Department of Defense; Gina McCarthy, Administrator, Environ-mental Protection Agency; E. Scott Pruitt, Okla-homa Attorney General, Oklahoma City; Adam H. Putnam, Florida Commissioner of Agriculture, Talla-hassee; Lemuel M. Srolovic, Office of New York State Attorney General, Bureau Chief of the Environ-mental Protection Bureau, New York; Sallie Clark, El Paso County Commissioner, Colorado Springs, Colorado, on behalf of the National Association of Counties; and Timothy Mauck, Clear Creek County Commissioner, Idaho Springs, Colorado. 
PRESIDENT’S PROPOSED BUDGET REQUEST 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016, after receiving testimony from Sylvia M. Burwell, Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
ENDING MODERN SLAVERY 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine ending modern slavery, focus-ing on the best way forward, after receiving testi-mony from Gary Haugen, International Justice Mis-sion, Arlington, Virginia; Shawna Bader-Blau, Soli-darity Center, and David S. Abramowitz, Humanity United, both of Washington, DC; James Kofi Annan, Challenging Heights, Accra, Ghana; and Shandra Woworuntu, Mentari, New York, New York. 
DEFERRED ACTION ON IMMIGRATION 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine de-
ferred action on immigration, focusing on implica-tions and unanswered questions, after receiving testi-mony from Stephen C. Goss, Chief Actuary, Social Security Administration; Eileen J. O’Connor, Pills-bury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, Luke Peter Bellocchi, Wasserman, Mancini and Chang, PC, and Bo Cooper, Fragomen, Del Ray, Bernsen and Loewy LLP, all of Washington, DC; and Shawn Moran, Na-tional Border Patrol Council, Solana Beach, Cali-fornia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04FE5.REC D04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D106 February 4, 2015 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
S. 184, to amend the Indian Child Protection and 
Family Violence Prevention Act to require back-ground checks before foster care placements are or-dered in tribal court proceedings; 
S. 209, to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Devel-
opment and Self-Determination Act of 2005; 
S. 246, to establish the Alyce Spotted Bear and 
Walter Soboleff Commission on Native Children, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and 
S. 286, to amend the Indian Self-Determination 
and Education Assistance Act to provide further self- governance by Indian tribes. 
LOAN LEVERAGING IN INDIAN COUNTRY 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine loan leveraging in In-dian country, after receiving testimony from Sami Jo Difuntorum, National American Indian Housing Council, Washington, DC; Carol Gore, Cook Inlet 
Housing Authority, Anchorage, Alaska; and Robert Gauthier, United Native American Housing Associa-tion, Ronan, Montana. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
COMBATING FINANCIAL EXPLOITATION 
OF VULNERABLE SENIORS 
Special Committee on Aging: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine combating financial exploitation of vulnerable seniors, after receiving testimony from Judith M. Shaw, Maine Securities Administrator, Augusta; Page Ulrey, King County Prosecutor’s Of-fice, Seattle, Washington; Philip C. Marshall, Roger Williams University, South Dartmouth, Massachu-setts; and Kathleen M. Quinn, National Adult Pro-tective Services Association, Fredericksburg, Vir-ginia. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 47 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 699–745; and 6 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 14; and H. Res. 86–90, were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H809–12 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H814 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Jolly to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                       Page H759 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:28 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                                 Page H762 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Dean Curry, Life Center Church, Tacoma, Washington.
                             Page H762 
Unfunded Mandates Information and Trans-parency Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 50, 
to provide for additional safeguards with respect to imposing Federal mandates, by a recorded vote of 250 ayes to 173 noes, Roll No. 64.
          Pages H772–88 
Rejected the Bustos motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a re-
corded vote of 184 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 63. 
                                                                                      Pages H786–87 
Pursuant to the Rule, the amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–4, modified by the amend-ment printed in part B of H. Rept. 114–14, shall be considered as adopted.
                                        Page H779 
Agreed to: Reed amendment (No. 1 printed in part C of H. 
Rept. 114–14) that requires an assessment of the ef-fects that a proposed or final rule are expected to have on private property owners, including the use and value of affected property.
                     Pages H781–82 
Rejected: Cummings amendment (No. 2 printed in part C 
of H. Rept. 114–14) that strikes section 12 of the bill that would require federal agencies to conduct a retrospective cost-benefit analysis of any regulation at the request of the Chairman or Ranking Member of a Congressional Committee (by a recorded vote of 179 ayes to 245 noes, Roll No. 61); and 
                                                                    Pages H782–83, H784–85 
Connolly amendment (No. 3 printed in part C of 
H. Rept. 114–14) that provides that in the event that the average annual rate of real gross domestic product (GDP) growth remains below 5 percent over 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04FE5.REC D04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D107 February 4, 2015 
the first four calendar quarters occurring after the 
date of enactment of H.R. 50, then the amendments made by H.R. 50 are repealed (by a recorded vote of 173 ayes to 249 noes, Roll No. 62). 
                                                                          Pages H783–84, H785 
H. Res. 78, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 527) and (H.R. 50) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 243 ayes to 179 noes, Roll No. 60, after the previous question was ordered by a yea- and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 174 nays, Roll No. 59. 
                                                                                      Pages H767–72 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, February 5.
                         Page H788 
Joint Economic Committee’s—Appointment: The 
Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member of the House to the Joint Eco-nomic Committee: Representative Carolyn B. Malo-ney (NY).
                                                                         Page H789 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13396 of February 7, 2006 with respect to the situation in or in relation to Cote d’Ivoire is to continue in effect beyond February 7, 2015—referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 113–6).
                                                         Page H789 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on pages H762–63. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and 
five recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H771–72, H772, H784–85, H785, H787, and H787–88. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:13 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
FINAL RECOMMENDATIONS FROM THE MILITARY COMPENSATION AND RETIREMENT MODERNIZATION COMMISSION 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Final Recommendations from the Military Compensation and Retirement Moderniza-tion Commission’’. Testimony was heard from Ste-phen E. Buyer, Commissioner, Military Compensa-tion and Retirement Modernization Commission; General Peter W. Chiarelli, USA (Retired), Commis-sioner, Military Compensation and Retirement Mod-ernization Commission; Admiral Edmund P. Giambastiani, Jr., USN (Retired), Commissioner, Military Compensation and Retirement Moderniza-
tion Commission; Michael Higgins, Commissioner, Military Compensation and Retirement Moderniza-tion Commission; and Alphonso Maldon, Jr., Chair-man, Military Compensation and Retirement Mod-ernization Commission. 
THE PRESIDENT’S FISCAL YEAR 2016 
BUDGET 
Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Shaun L.S. Donovan, Director, Office of Management and Budget. 
EXPANDING OPPORTUNITY IN AMERICA’S 
SCHOOLS AND WORKPLACES 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-
mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Expanding Oppor-tunity in America’s Schools and Workplaces’’. Testi-mony was heard from Mike Pence, Governor, State of Indiana; and public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology held a markup on the ‘‘Federal Communications Commission Consoli-dated Reporting Act of 2015’’. The ‘‘Federal Com-munications Commission Consolidated Reporting Act of 2015’’ was forwarded to the full committee, as amended. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a markup on H.R. 639, the ‘‘Improving Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act’’; H.R. 471, the ‘‘Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act’’; the ‘‘Trauma Sys-tems and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reau-thorization Act’’; and the ‘‘Access to Life-Saving Trauma Care for All Americans Act’’. The following bill was forwarded to the full committee, as amend-ed: H.R. 639. The following were forwarded to the full committee, without amendment: H.R. 471; the ‘‘Trauma Systems and Regionalization of Emergency Care Reauthorization Act’’; and the ‘‘Access to Life- Saving Trauma Care for All Americans Act’’. 
EXPLORING ALLEGED ETHICAL AND 
LEGAL VIOLATIONS AT THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring Alleged Ethical and Legal Violations at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04FE5.REC D04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D108 February 4, 2015 
the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Devel-
opment’’. Testimony was heard from David Mon-toya, Inspector General, Office of the Inspector Gen-eral, Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment; and Edda Emmanuelli Perez, Managing Asso-ciate General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Government Accountability Office. 
CUBA: ASSESSING THE ADMINISTRATION’S 
SUDDEN SHIFT 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Cuba: Assessing the Administra-tion’s Sudden Shift’’. Testimony was heard from Ro-berta S. Jacobson, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, Department of State; John E. Smith, Deputy Director, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury; and Matthew S. Borman, Deputy Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration, Bureau of In-dustry and Security, Department of Commerce. 
THE PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY’S 
INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL COURT GAMBIT: A TRUE PARTNER FOR PEACE? 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Palestinian Authority’s International Criminal Court Gambit: A True Partner for Peace?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
COMMITTEE FUNDING FOR THE 114TH 
CONGRESS 
Committee on House Administration: Full Committee 
began a hearing on committee funding for the 114th Congress. Testimony was heard from Chairman Nunes, Chairman Ryan of Wisconsin, Chairman Goodlatte, Chairman Conaway, Chairman Price of Georgia, Chairman Shuster, Chairman Chabot, Chairman Kline, Chairman Sessions, Chairman Smith of Texas, Chairman Miller of Florida, and Representatives Schiff, Levin, Conyers, Peterson, Van Hollen, DeFazio, Vela ´zquez, Scott of Virginia, 
Slaughter, Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, and Brown of Florida. 
LEGISLATIVE HEARING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-
gration and Border Security held a hearing on the ‘‘Legal Workforce Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE HEARING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-
latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing on H.R. 526, the ‘‘Furthering Asbestos Claim Transparency (FACT) Act of 2015’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a markup on H.R. 644, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and ex-pand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory; H.R. 637, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the rule allowing certain tax-free distributions from indi-vidual retirement accounts for charitable purposes; H.R. 641, the ‘‘Conservation Easement Incentive Act of 2015’’; H.R. 640, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the tax rate for excise tax on investment income of private foundations; H.R. 636, the ‘‘America’s Small Business Tax Relief Act of 2015’’; H.R. 629, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the reduced rec-ognition period for built-in gains of S corporations; H.R. 630, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent certain rules regarding basis adjustments to stock of S corporations making charitable contributions of property. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 644, H.R. 637, H.R. 641, H.R. 640, H.R. 636, H.R. 629, and H.R. 630. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
FEBRUARY 5, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the Guantanamo detention facility and the future of United States detention policy, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, and Insurance, to hold hearings to examine data breach and notification legislation in the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Finance: to continue hearings to examine 
the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine the ‘‘joint employer’’ standard and business ownership, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
S. 337, to improve the Freedom of Information Act, S. 295, to amend section 2259 of title 18, United States Code, and the nominations of Michael P. Botticelli, of the District of Columbia, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy, Jeanne E. Davidson, of Maryland, to be a Judge of the United States Court of International 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04FE5.REC D04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D109 February 4, 2015 
Trade, and Daniel Henry Marti, of Virginia, to be Intel-
lectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, 10:30 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
vironment and the Economy, hearing and markup on H.R. 212, the ‘‘Drinking Water Protection Act’’, 10 
a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Human Rights in Cuba: A Squandered Opportunity’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D04FE5.REC D04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD110 February 4, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10:30 a.m., Thursday, February 5 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 240, Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 11:30 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Thursday, February 5 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 527— 
Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E159 
Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E159 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E160 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E159 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E164 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E160, E162, E163, E164 Gibson, Christopher P., N.Y., E161 
Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E161 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E163 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E159 Hurt, Robert, Va., E159 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E163, E164 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E164 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E160 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E161 
Olson, Pete, Tex., E160, E162 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E161 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E162 Smith, Jason, Mo., E164 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E159 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:17 Feb 05, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D04FE5.REC D04FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST