Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4333 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JUNE 22, 2015 No. 100 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, June 23, 2015, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , JUNE22, 2015 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal Father, strong to save, may 
this quiet moment prompt us to think thoughts about Your goodness and power throughout this day. May these thoughts keep us faithful and diligent in all our work, motivating us to labor for Your glory. 
Lord, inspire our lawmakers to be 
honorable and generous in their deal-ing with each other, remembering Your great commandment to love their neighbors as they love themselves. 
O God, You have been a refuge for 
Your people through many genera-tions. Be our fortress in every moment and every need that we face this day. Guide us through the uncertainty and darkness, continually strengthening us for times of testing. 
We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION SECURITY 
ADMINISTRATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
we will vote tonight to bring long-over-due permanent leadership to an agency in urgent need of reform and culture change, and that is the TSA. I wish the White House hadn’t waited 6 months to send us a nominee to lead this troubled agency, but now that the administra-tion finally has, we are pleased to see a highly qualified candidate such as Peter Neffenger. 
It is never easy to ensure a Senate 
review process that is appropriately thorough yet necessarily expeditious in the face of so many months of White House delay, but that is just what Chairman T
HUNE and Chairman J OHN-
SONachieved with the nominee before 
us. I thank them both for their good work. 
If confirmed this evening, Vice Admi-
ral Neffenger will certainly have a tough job ahead of him. We are all aware of the recent inspector general report that questioned the TSA’s abil-ity to meet its security mission with-out some significant changes. The American people will be counting on Mr. Neffenger to validate the trust their elected representatives place in him tonight by pursuing every nec-essary reform in the wake of such trou-bled findings. The Senate appears to have confidence that he can achieve 
those goals. There is no doubt the Sen-ate and the American people will be ex-pecting that he will. 
f 
TRADE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
when it comes to keeping the American people safe, there are many things Con-gress can do. Encouraging reform at the TSA is one important step, but so is leading on trade. 
President Obama’s own Secretary of 
Defense recently said that the trade legislation before us was as important to him ‘‘as another aircraft carrier.’’ This is the Secretary of Defense of the 
United States who said that the trade legislation before us was as important to him as another aircraft carrier. But he cautioned that ‘‘time’s running out [to] cement our influence and leader-ship in the fastest-growing region in the world.’’ 
We all know how critical this legisla-
tion is for lifting up American workers, American wages, and the American economy as well. We shouldn’t let this opportunity for a significant bipartisan achievement slip past us. If we can con-tinue working together in a spirit of trust and if we simply vote the same way we did a couple of weeks ago, we won’t miss this opportunity. 
I know how important it is—particu-
larly for my friends on the other side of the aisle—to get both TPA and TAA, trade adjustment assistance. That linkage has been acknowledged from the beginning of this process. It is why I set in motion a process last week—fil-ing cloture on the vehicles for both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.000 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4334 June 22, 2015 
TPA and TAA so that we get one done 
followed immediately by the other— that will put both pieces of legislation on the President’s desk before the July 4 State work period. 
I don’t want anyone to think we are 
getting TPA done this week, with a promise to get TAA done at some other time. The process this week is very clear: We will vote on TPA and then we will vote on TAA. So this is how that will look. Tomorrow, we will begin the process of approving TPA. The next day, we will begin the process of ap-proving TAA, along with the AGOA and preferences measure. 
Before the week is out, I intend to go 
to conference on the Customs bill. This is a bill with broad bipartisan support. Members on both sides want to get it done, and we are going to formally begin the process to complete our work on the Customs bill. So I am com-mitted to concluding work on that con-ference as quickly as possible. I am sure Members on both sides will hold us to that commitment. 
So what does all this mean? It means 
that with continued bipartisan co-operation, we can ensure that TPA, TAA, and AGOA reach the President’s desk this week, and it means we can ensure that the Customs bill is placed on a path to swift approval, too. It was always the goal to ensure that these bills passed Congress in the end. It re-mains the bipartisan goal today. We are now on the verge of achieving it. With just a little more trust, a little more cooperation, and simply voting consistently, we will get there. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Mr. REID. Madam President, over 
the past several years there has been a disturbing practice that has become commonplace in the Congress, and sadly it is with no regard for the aver-age American. The Republicans have resolved to govern by staggering from one ludicrous crisis to another crisis— one today, one next week. Unless the Republican leader acts, in just 5 days, for example, we will see the con-sequences of another manufactured cri-sis. On June 30, the charter for the Ex-port-Import Bank is set to expire. This is serious business. This institution creates jobs by providing loans and loan guarantees to foreign customers who purchase American exports. This year alone, the Ex-Im Bank supports 165,000 American jobs—165,000 jobs that allow American workers to earn a liv-ing. These jobs cost taxpayers zero— nothing. In fact, this Bank saves the American taxpayers money. In the last 10 years, the Bank has returned more than $7 billion to the U.S. Treasury. 
With the threat of this Bank clos-
ing—other countries have similar insti-tutions, such as China. People are 
going to China and other countries to get their loan guarantees and buy prod-ucts—not from America but from coun-tries where those banks will take care of their loans. This is so sad. 
Despite the positive benefits the 
Bank provides for our economy and thousands of Americans, Republicans have decided that reauthorization is not a priority. The Republican leader has openly opposed reauthorization of this important Bank. I repeat, there are 165,000 jobs as we speak, and they are American jobs. 
Quoting the senior Senator from 
Kentucky: ‘‘I personally think the Ex- Im Bank has outlived its usefulness and ought to go away.’’ Really? The Bank should be put out of business? I don’t think so. This resource supports thousands of jobs for Americans and could not possibly have outgrown its usefulness. But in the 6 months since the Republicans have taken control of Congress, this mindset has governed their decisions. Sensible programs that benefit average Americans and strengthen our economy have taken a backseat to special interests. We can see that by what is going on in this body this week. 
Just as he has on countless issues so 
far this Congress, the Republican lead-er is intentionally ignoring deadlines that are obvious—these deadlines are obvious weeks and even months ahead of time—and offering no plan or solu-tion to these pertinent issues facing our Nation. Today, we are talking about two of those—surface transpor-tation, and I have talked about the Ex-port-Import Bank. No plan. No solu-tion. No urgency. That is how Repub-licans have chosen to govern. 
This misguided policy is not gov-
erning at all. It is all about crisis man-agement and doing a very poor job. This crisis management could be avoid-ed by not playing dodgeball with issues important to our country. 
There are less than 5 days until thou-
sands of jobs are threatened for no ap-parent reason. The senior Senator from Kentucky should put his partisan agen-da aside, choose American jobs over po-litical benefits, and allow a vote to re-authorize the Export-Import Bank. This measure would pass. It would pass overwhelmingly because Republican Senators want this to pass also. So if a vote were allowed on this, it would get a sizeable majority. 
f 
FEDERAL HIGHWAY PROGRAM 
FUNDING 
Mr. REID. Madam President, the 
Senate also faces another looming deadline manufactured by Republican leadership. At the end of July, Repub-lican funding for the Federal highway program will expire. In 5 days, we will lose the Export-Import Bank. In just a few weeks, we are going to lose the highway program. 
Our Nation’s roads, bridges, high-
ways, and transit systems are in des-perate need of repair. Some 64,000 
bridges are structurally deficient. This isn’t 6,400; it is 64,000 bridges. Fifty per-cent of our roads are dangerously in need of repair. Still, Republicans in Congress have refused to work with Democrats in making an adequate long-term investment in our country’s surface transportation programs. 
Delaying and stalling has become 
their normal practice. Republicans are content to take a page straight out of their playbook. That playbook is called ‘‘Republican Manufactured Crisis Play-book.’’ They do this day after day. They just go to that playbook that has been used over and over again. We have seen it before, and we are seeing it again with highways. We are seeing it with Ex-Im Bank. Instead of working with Democrats to create long-term so-lutions to our Nation’s woes, the Re-publican leader will wait until the deadline is imminent—and on high-ways, we can see it coming—and he will offer another short-term extension to stave off a disaster of his own mak-ing. That is unacceptable. We have al-ready had 33 Republican short-term fixes—33. We don’t need a 34th. 
Governing by crisis is a reckless 
strategy that leaves the well-being of Americans and our economy hanging in the balance. The Republican leader should abandon this policy and stop dragging our country from one crisis to another crisis. Republicans can get started today by bringing up reauthor-ization of the Ex-Im Bank for a vote before the charter expires in just a few days. It will pass. Certainly he could focus on long-term, bipartisan reau-thorization of the Federal highway pro-gram, which, as I have indicated, ex-pires in a few weeks. 
The American people should not be 
forced to endure manufactured crises at the hands of Republican leadership. I urge the Republican leadership to change course and govern with the well-being of the American people in mind. 
Madam President, will the Chair an-
nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The Senator from Utah. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the distin-guished Senator from Florida be given 5 minutes and that I immediately fol-low him with my remarks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.001 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4335 June 22, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
thank the distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee. I will be back at 5 o’clock to speak on behalf of our nominee for TSA, Admiral Neffenger. 
f 
YOUTUBE KIDS APP 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
want to address something that I was absolutely shocked about when I saw it over the weekend. We hear the term ‘‘age appropriate,’’ and when it comes to our children, that is necessarily something that parents should be con-cerned about because we parents—all of us who are parents—want our children to be able to take advantage of the Internet’s vast resources to learn, to stay connected. But we as parents do not want our children, especially small children, to encounter inappropriate content. 
Well, unfortunately, there is a lot of 
violence, profanity, and sexualized ma-terial on the Internet, and kids can too often access this material with the click of a mouse. We have all been dealing with that. That is nothing un-usual. And what are we parents to do? We can monitor our kids’ activities, but we can also depend on parental controls and filters in the marketplace. We have seen the development of many of these services for kids that promise a safe space for children. The problem is when companies do not completely deliver on that promise. 
So I have read recent news reports 
and I watched Google’s YouTube Kids mobile application for smart phones, and I see that it contains material that is not, in fact, appropriate for small children. According to the press ac-counts—and what I saw repeated—the app has apparently been found to in-clude videos with explicit language; mature subject matter, such as child abuse, drug use, pedophilia; demonstra-tions of unsafe behaviors; and—get this—advertisements for alcohol. 
I want to show you a picture. This is 
on Google’s YouTube Kids app. Here is a lady hawking red wine. This is an ad-vertisement for little kids? It is there, and I hope the offending parties will take heed to my remarks. 
We all recognize what is shown in 
this picture—most appropriate for ad-vertisements for the Super Bowl, but on a Google YouTube app for little children, preceded by the Clydesdales pulling the wagon with the Dalma-tian—an icon in America. But for little children, an ad, the King of Beers? 
And how about unsafe behaviors. 
Here is someone striking a match and taking this match down to a pile of unlit matches, and then, of course, you know what happens—it all goes up in flame. 
Have we lost our common sense? 
When Google rolled out its YouTube Kids app, it said: ‘‘The app makes it safer and easier for children to find vid-
eos on topics they want to explore . . . .’’ That is a good thing. It went on to say: ‘‘Now, parents can rest a little easier knowing that videos in the YouTube Kids app are narrowed down to content appropriate for kids.’’ Well, I certainly agree with Google on that statement. Parents should be able to trust these online venues for children, especially when they are designed and marketed as being safe. But is this safe for children? And, Madam President, is that safe for children? I do not think so. 
If a company creates an online safe 
haven for kids, it must do everything it can to make sure children are not un-necessarily exposed to the very content parents want their children to avoid. Google certainly has the technical ex-pertise to make sure that videos which are unsuitable for kids are screened or filtered out, especially when Google markets the app as being suitable for children. Indeed, section 5 of the FTC Act prohibits deceptive marketing practices. 
I applaud Google for its efforts to 
create healthy online experiences for children, but in this case, their efforts fell short, and I would expect Google to change this right away. 
Furthermore, YouTube Kids should 
also be sensitive to the fact that younger children often do not under-stand the difference between advertise-ments and noncommercial content. So kids’ online services that have com-mercial advertising should make sure that advertising is clearly distin-guished from the other content. Google should not take advantage of this well- known vulnerability among children. Video advertisements should be easily and clearly distinguishable from other videos the kids are watching. 
I should not have to come here and 
the Senator from Utah be so gracious to give me the time. It ought to be common sense that we should not be doing this. But this Senator, who is the ranking member of the Senate Com-merce Committee, is compelled to come here and speak of this kind of comment. We want companies to cre-ate online services and products that allow children safe access to age-appro-priate content, and we understand that companies want to tap into the kids’ market, but everyone knows just how much Internet content is out there that is completely unsuitable for children. 
Madam President, need I say any 
more? It is very clear, and I hope there will be quick action for appropriate content. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
f 
TRAGEDY AT EMANUEL AME 
CHURCH 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I rise 
to speak today on a matter of critical importance to our Nation’s security, but first I wish to extend my most 
heartfelt condolences to our friends in Charleston, SC. 
Last week, we witnessed an unspeak-
able tragedy with the shooting at the Emanuel AME Church. This heinous act has left families reeling and the Nation in disbelief. Words can little console nor can they heal the hearts of those who have lost. Still, I wish to say just a few words to the neighbors, fami-lies, and friends who have suffered most. 
Know that your Nation suffers with 
you—no question about it. You are in our prayers, our thoughts. May you feel peace and love. May you find heal-ing in God. And may the shooter be swiftly brought to justice. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I now 
shift to a different threat we face. 
Time and again—time and time 
again—the Islamic Republic of Iran has lied to the international community. The latest evidence emerged in the June 2 publication by the United Na-tions Security Council of a scathing re-port on Iranian noncompliance with the Joint Plan of Action. Written by a diverse panel of international experts, the report catalogs a growing list of Iran’s violations of multiple U.N. man-dates. It deserves to be read widely by all those who care deeply, as I do, about the ongoing P5+1 negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program. 
The lesson to draw from the Security 
Council report is clear: If Iran con-tinues to violate its current agree-ments with impunity, how can we ex-pect that Tehran would adhere to a new deal to suspend its nuclear pro-gram? This is a matter of plain com-mon sense. 
The specifics of the report paint a 
profoundly troubling picture. Iranian arms transfer activities have continued uninterrupted, despite the sanctions imposed by the unified international community. These arms have found their way into a number of regional conflicts, fuelling instability in Syria, Iraq, Yemen, and elsewhere. Hezbollah and Hamas—Iran’s perennial terrorist allies—continue to turn these weapons against Israel and our other allies in the region. Regional violence has been and continues to be Iran’s export of choice. 
According to this report, not only 
does Iran illegally export weapons and oil, it has also imported prohibited ma-terials and technology, circumventing sanctions. The Iranians have long maintained a robust illicit procure-ment infrastructure. They have accom-plished this through intermediaries controlled by Iranian and pro-Iranian interests, often involving false docu-mentation, shell corporations, and for-eign nationals. 
For these and other reasons, our 
French allies have now declared that a rigorous inspection regime that in-cludes military installations should be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.004 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4336 June 22, 2015 
a prerequisite to any agreement. This 
should have been our position from the start. 
Additionally, the report describes 
violations of foreign travel restrictions of high-ranking Iranian Government officials. One particularly noteworthy violation is the case of Major General Qasem Soleimani, the commander of Iran’s Special Forces Quds Force. Ear-lier this year, General Soleimani met with the Secretary General of Hezbollah in Lebanon. Just last month, photographs surfaced of General Soleimani surrounded by Shiite militia fighters in Iraq’s embattled Anbar Province. 
I am disappointed to hear some try 
to minimize these Iranian violations of Security Council resolutions because some Iranian arms and personnel are currently being used against the hei-nous Islamic State. We must not turn a blind eye to Iranian malfeasance. We must not fall into the trap of accepting Iran’s transgressions simply because they are fighting a common foe. In this case, the enemy of our enemy is not our friend. Some of the armed Shia groups fighting the Islamic State are the same groups that were killing U.S. troops just a few short years ago. They might very well try to do so again. 
A nuclear-armed Iran would be a dis-
aster for the region and the wider world—not only for our Israel allies but also for our Saudi, Egyptian, Jor-danian, Kuwaiti, Qatari, and Emirati allies as well. With the continuing tur-moil in the region and the threat posed by the Islamic State, Al Qaeda, the Taliban, and other terrorist groups, the world cannot afford a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. Considering the hand-in-hand history between Iran and Hezbollah, one could easily trans-late a nuclear Iran into a nuclear Hezbollah. 
It is therefore highly distressing that 
Iran has, to quote the Security Coun-cil, ‘‘continued certain nuclear activi-ties, including uranium enrichment and some work at Arak.’’ If Iran has failed to sufficiently address even the core cause of the sanctions against them, what confidence do we have in them in moving forward? 
It is particularly telling that the 
U.N. expert panel assessed that a de-cline in reports by member states of Iranian violations results from one of two factors: either Iran has decreased its prohibitive activities significantly or member states have refrained from reporting noncompliance so as not to interrupt the negotiations process. In light of the revelations contained in this report, the latter appears far more likely. 
As the President continues to push 
for a permanent deal with Iran’s lead-ership, this report is as alarming as it is timely. Past performance may not universally predict future behavior, but it certainly should be part of the consideration. Moreover, this report is far from the only sign of Iranian mal-feasance. As recently as yesterday, the Iranian Parliament voted to prohibit 
international inspections of military sites, casting into serious doubt its commitment to a workable nuclear deal. 
Given these troubling moves, the 
President should explain to the Amer-ican people what level of confidence he has negotiating with Iran given how it repeatedly violates the international community’s mandates with impunity. The stakes are too high to act as if Iran were a trustworthy partner. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, the 
Senate is not in a quorum call; is that correct? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is 
correct, Senator. 
f 
KING V. BURWELL DECISION 
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I 
come to the floor to speak for a few minutes about the disaster that is known as ObamaCare and specifically the Supreme Court’s upcoming decision in King v. Burwell, which we anticipate will be handed down later this week or perhaps as late as Monday. This case will decide whether the IRS can re-write the law, and it actually chal-lenges the legality of the subsidies to health care policies affecting people in up to 37 States. 
If the Court rules against the IRS, 
that would be the third strike against ObamaCare in the Supreme Court. What more evidence would we possibly need of this administration’s routine overreach of its authority under the Constitution? 
Not surprisingly, the President once 
again has failed to accept responsi-bility for this flawed law that bears his name, and he has suggested that Con-gress could simply fix the problem with a one-sentence provision. In other words, even though President Obama and congressional Democrats jammed this partisan monstrosity through all by themselves in 2010, somehow, after three strikes in the U.S. Supreme Court, it is now our responsibility to clean up the mess. 
But what is wrong with ObamaCare 
far exceeds the issue at hand in King v. Burwell. I hear of the disastrous effects of ObamaCare every day from folks back home in Texas. They know, as do I, that a one-sentence provision won’t fix a 2,700-page legislative disaster, un-less that sentence were to repeal ObamaCare in its entirety. 
If somehow this administration and 
congressional Democrats could be sued for misleading consumers under the usual legal standards, the case brought by millions of Americans against ObamaCare would be a slam dunk. The President claimed his law would help everyone—miraculously decreasing costs, increasing access, and reducing the deficit—when, in fact, time after time after time, the opposite has been shown to be the case. What we have seen instead has been great damage to 
the health care system in this country, leaving many Americans with their health care disrupted, their work hours cut, and higher costs for their health coverage. 
Although proponents of the law, in-
cluding the President and Democratic Members of Congress, claimed ObamaCare would reduce the financial burden of health care for American families, this has not been the case. In fact, one study found that ObamaCare actually increased individual market premiums by an average of almost 50 percent between 2013 and 2014. So rath-er than make health care more afford-able, what ObamaCare did is to make it less affordable and more expensive by increasing individual market pre-miums by an average of almost 50 per-cent. 
Recently, the administration re-
leased rate filings showing that insur-ers have requested double-digit pre-mium increases for nearly 700 plans next year. So double-digit increases have been requested. 
We can all remember the President’s 
repeated promises that under ObamaCare those who wanted to keep their plans would be able to do so. In fact, the Associated Press has docu-mented that more than 4.7 million Americans had insurance plans they liked that were canceled by ObamaCare. 
And of course, just last week Presi-
dent Obama himself called the Web site platform for his trademark legisla-tion—healthcare.gov—‘‘a well-docu-mented disaster.’’ 
The fact that this failed law has hurt 
patients is bad enough, but the truth is it is also hurting the economy and hurting jobs. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that ObamaCare is forcing employers to cut jobs and has projected that as many as 2 million jobs could be lost by 2017. 
If the Court rules for King, the plain-
tiff in the lawsuit, millions more Americans could find their health care coverage temporarily disrupted—just one more painful consequence of this reckless piece of legislation. 
Clearly, ObamaCare was not the sil-
ver bullet for our health care system or our economy. Instead, what we know today is that ObamaCare really just amounted to a trail of broken prom-ises. But you will never find the Presi-dent or those who foisted this flawed legislation upon the American people taking responsibility for it. Rather, as I said earlier, somehow they think it is 
for somebody else to clean up their mess. 
I continue to believe the American 
people would be well served to see this entire law scrapped in favor of real pa-tient-centered reforms that lower costs and increase access to care. I thought that was what health care reform was supposed to be about—lowering cost and improving access to care. But ObamaCare did the opposite. 
I am here to say that while Repub-
licans did not create this mess, we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.005 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4337 June 22, 2015 
ready, willing, and able to do our best 
to protect the American people from any more harm caused by the Presi-dent’s flawed law. That is why we have been working hard for the last several months to provide the American people with a much needed off-ramp from ObamaCare, should the Court rule against the administration once again. But we really need to hit the reset but-ton and start over again. 
First and foremost, we are prepared 
to help the more than 6 million Ameri-cans, including nearly 1 million people in my home State of Texas, whose costs would suddenly skyrocket as yet another consequence of this disastrous piece of legislation. In doing so, we will empower the States to opt out of ObamaCare, allowing them the flexi-bility to more effectively lower costs and increase choices. 
We will not promote command-and- 
control solutions emanating from here in Washington, under the philosophy that Washington knows best. We will promote market-based options without the threat of harmful, onerous, expen-sive mandates. Repealing these man-dates will help the American people fi-nally get the coverage they need at a price they can afford. 
In short, we will do everything in our 
power to protect the people affected by this flawed piece of legislation, but we will not protect the President’s failed law. It is time to scrap it and do better. It is my hope, if the Court rules against the administration once again, that Congress will find it within them-selves to work together to protect the almost 1 million Texans and millions more Americans from yet another painful consequence of ObamaCare. I know Republicans stand ready to pro-tect the American people from this failed law while providing a path for-ward for better health care for our country. That health care includes more freedom, more flexibility, and more choices. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRAGEDY IN CHARLESTON, SOUTH 
CAROLINA 
Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I 
wish to take this opportunity to send my condolences to the families of those who were murdered in Charleston, SC, on Wednesday evening and to the en-tire city of Charleston. 
It is hard to understand how someone 
could walk into a church, be welcomed into a prayer meeting, and then take out a gun and slaughter nine people who were in the process of discussing the Bible. That is hard to believe, but that is what happened. In the last 60 years, this country has 
made significant progress in civil rights and in trying to become a less discriminatory society. Sixty years ago, parts of our country were part of an apartheid-type system, segregated housing, segregated schools, segregated restaurants, segregated transportation, segregated water fountains, and, in fact, an entirely segregated way of life. Perhaps most significantly, African Americans in a number of Southern States were denied the basic right to vote and were unable to participate in the democratic process. 
Today, as a nation, we have a right 
to be proud of the significant changes that have taken place in our country over the last 60 years and the many ad-vances that have been made in civil rights and in the creation of a less dis-criminatory society. 
We should be proud that in 2008, this 
country surprised the world by over-coming our racist history and electing our first African-American President and then reelecting him 4 years later with a strong majority. You may like Barrack Obama, and I do, or you may dislike Barrack Obama, and many Americans have that view, but it is no small thing that this country was able to judge a candidate by his ideas and character and not the color of his skin. But clearly, while we have made sig-nificant progress, the events of last week remind us how far we yet have to go in order to create a nonracist soci-ety. 
I am not the Governor of South Caro-
lina, I am not in the South Carolina legislature, and I do not live in South Carolina, but I do believe the time is long overdue for the people of South Carolina to remove the Confederate flag from the statehouse grounds in Co-lumbia. That flag is a relic of our Na-tion’s stained racial history. It should come down. If any good can come of the terrible tragedy in Charleston, it is that the people of South Carolina now have the opportunity to finally turn a page on our past. Frankly, the Confed-erate flag does not belong on state-house grounds, it belongs in a museum. 
I wish to also express my deep con-
cern about the growth of extremist groups in this country, groups that are motivated by hatred—by hatred of Af-rican Americans, by hatred of immi-grants, by hatred of Jews, by hatred of Muslims, and anyone else who is not exactly like them. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, sadly, there are some 784 active hate groups in the United States and the number of those groups is growing. Let me ex-press my agreement with NAACP President Cornell Williams Brooks that ‘‘we need vigorous prosecution and vigorous investigation of these hate groups and the resources to do so.’’ I call upon the FBI to do just that. 
About 50 years ago, as a student at 
the University of Chicago, I was ar-rested in a civil rights demonstration to end segregated schools. I was also involved in helping to end segregated housing in Chicago. It is clear to me 
that over that period of time this Na-tion has come a very long way, but it is also clear to me—and I think to the majority of our people—that we still have a long way to go. 
I will conclude by reminding my fel-
low Americans about those great words that appeared in the Declaration of Independence, that moment in history when the Colonies broke off from the British: ‘‘We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men’’—and we would add women—‘‘are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the pursuit of Happiness.’’ That is the dream of America, that is our vision, and that is a goal we must obtain. The tragedy in Charleston reminds us how far we yet have to go. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SALTS ACT 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, 
I come to the floor today to speak about a major problem across my State—the Presiding Officer has seen it in Iowa—and across the country, and that is the scourge of synthetic drugs. 
We have all seen reports of people 
who have hurt themselves or others or who have died under the influence of dangerous drugs. This issue hit home in my State after Trevor Robinson, a 19-year-old from Blaine, MN, died after overdosing on a drug called 2C-E in 2010. I introduced a bill to outlaw 2C-E and other similar substances, and with the help of Senator G
RASSLEY , as well 
as Senator S CHUMER , we were able to 
get that bill signed into law. But there is so much more that needs to be done, as we have learned since we passed that bill. 
Here is one recent example. Law en-
forcement officials in Florida and throughout the country are dealing with a synthetic drug called Flakka. This extremely dangerous drug has been linked to hallucinations and other bizarre behavior. We are always trying to stay one step ahead of these new and dangerous compounds because the way the law works now, we have to keep adding new compounds. So what hap-pens is that the crooks who are manu-facturing these drugs—the drug lead-ers, the people who are running these drug rings—are actually just changing the compounds up so they are different, and they are staying one step ahead of the law in that way. 
Before I was elected to the Senate, I 
spent 8 years serving as chief pros-ecutor in Minnesota’s largest county. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.006 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4338 June 22, 2015 
Drug cases made up about one-third of 
our caseload, and I had an opportunity to see firsthand the devastating im-pacts of drug addiction. 
Recent statistics have shown that al-
most half of all high school students have used addictive substances, and synthetic drugs are a growing problem in Minnesota and across the country. A recent survey of 15,000 Minnesota high school students found that 26 percent have used illegal drugs, and of that group, 12 percent have used synthetic drugs. 
The problem with synthetic drugs, 
which we have realized as I have done events with law enforcement in places such as Fargo and in places such as the suburbs of Minneapolis, is that many times people who buy these synthetic drugs get much worse drugs than the actual substance. They get much hard-er-core drugs, much more difficult drugs—drugs that cause them to hallu-cinate and drugs that cause them to ei-ther kill themselves or to hurt others. That is why I have reintroduced bipar-tisan legislation with Senators G
RA-
HAM, FEINSTEIN , and G RASSLEY that 
would make it easier to prosecute the sale and distribution of new synthetic drugs that are analogues—or substan-tially similar to current illegal drugs. 
What we are looking at is the fact 
that the people who sell these drugs or manufacture them just keep changing a compound here or there so they can skirt the law. What we are trying to do with this bill is to make it easier to prosecute the new drugs that are sub-stantially similar. The Supreme Court actually very recently issued a decision in McFadden focused on the mens rea standard in analogue drug cases. 
My bill, the Synthetic Abuse and La-
beling of Toxic Substances or SALTS Act is focused instead on the under-lying factors for what makes some-thing an analogue drug. Why do we need this new legislation? Because ex-pert chemists are able to slightly alter the chemical makeup of synthetic drugs so they are no longer on the list of banned substances. To address this, current law provides the DEA with the mechanism to prosecute the sale and distribution of drugs that are ana-logues—analogues—that are substan-tially similar to controlled substances. However, the law specifically says that an analogue drug does not include any substance ‘‘not intended for human consumption.’’ This can be a big prob-lem because synthetic drugs often are explicitly marked as ‘‘not intended for human consumption.’’ But manufactur-ers, distributors, sellers, and abusers of these substances all know exactly what to do with them—ingest them or snort them to get a dangerous and many times unpredictable high. 
The SALTS Act amends the Con-
trolled Substances Act to allow consid-eration of a number of factors when de-termining whether a controlled sub-stance analogue was intended for human consumption, including looking at the marketing, advertising, and la-beling of a substance and its known 
use. That is a much more honest way to look at what is actual consumption. You don’t just look at the fact that there is a label on it that says it be-cause that is what the drug dealers do to protect themselves. Instead what you do is you look at what is actually going on here. You look at the mar-keting, advertising, and the labeling of a substance and its known use. 
The bill also says the existence of 
some pieces of evidence that a sub-stance was not marketed, advertised or labeled for human consumption should not stop prosecutors from being able to establish, based on all the evidence— the totality of the evidence—that the substance was, in fact, intended for human consumption. 
New synthetic drugs constantly come 
onto the market. We need to give our law enforcement agencies the tools they need to combat them. This legis-lation will make it easier for prosecu-tors to demonstrate that a given syn-thetic drug is, in fact, intended for human consumption. We know that it is going on. We know that is why these guys are selling it over the Internet. They are trying to get around the law. They have actually been quite success-ful, causing many deaths, many people hurt, many people addicted. 
So all this does is get to the facts. Is 
this really being used for human con-sumption or not? This legislation is going to make it easier for prosecutors to demonstrate with the totality of cir-cumstances and not just the label that says it is not intended for human con-sumption—but looking at how it is sold, what it is used for, to make it easier to meet that standard. That is the only way we are going to go after these guys who are constantly chang-ing the compounds to get around the law. 
I would also like to take this oppor-
tunity to acknowledge the efforts, since we are talking about synthetic drugs, of the outgoing Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, my fellow Minnesotan, Michelle Leonhart. Administrator Leonhart has had a long career in law enforcement, serving with the DEA since 1980 and as Administrator since 2010. She started her career back in Minnesota and has served in the DEA since, for a very long time, over 30 years. 
I would especially like to thank the 
Administrator for her work on the pre-scription drug take-back issue. During her tenure, the DEA has coordinated a series of national events that have col-lected over 2,400 tons of unused pre-scription drugs—2,400 tons. That is, by the way, why we worked with the Ad-ministrator—Senator C
ORNYN and I—to 
develop legislation which passed to make it easier for take-out programs, to do them more routinely, but mean-while 2,400 tons were collected. These events are critical in preventing drug abuse and overdoses and getting old medicines out of the cabinet where people who are not prescribed them sometimes take them. I want to thank 
Administrator Leonhart for her law en-forcement career. 
Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CARPER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF PETER V. 
NEFFENGER TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
NOMINATION OF DANIEL R. EL-
LIOTT III TO BE A MEMBER OF THE SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations en bloc, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nominations of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security; and Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board for a term expiring December 31, 2018. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 30 minutes for debate, equally divided in the usual form. 
The Senator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Madam President, I am 
delighted to serve on at least one com-mittee with the Presiding Officer, and we have had the opportunity of late to have a number of folks come before us who have been nominated to serve. One of those is Coast Guard VADM Peter Neffenger, and I am delighted today to rise in strong support of Admiral Neffenger to serve as the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Administration, affectionately known as TSA. 
The women and men of TSA work in 
a very challenging environment to keep our aviation system and those of us who use it safe and secure. The mis-sion is made all the more challenging by the two difficult and diametrically opposed tasks that we ask them to per-form. On the one hand, we ask the TSA to screen some 1.8 million passengers and their luggage every day, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, without allowing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.010 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4339 June 22, 2015 
a single dangerous individual—not 
one—or dangerous item to get through. On the other hand, we ask TSA to per-form the screening as fast as possible so that travelers do not miss their flights, luggage and cargo get to their destination on time, and everybody is happy. That is what we ask them to do. 
TSA’s job is, on most days, a thank-
less one, for which the Agency’s em-ployees are rarely commended but often criticized. Can TSA do a better job? You bet they can. We all can do a better job. We can do a better job in the Senate. 
A couple of weeks ago in the Home-
land Security and Governmental Af-fairs Committee, for example, we heard from the Department of Homeland Se-curity’s inspector general about sev-eral troubling security vulnerabilities at our airports. The IG’s findings were more than troubling. They were unac-ceptable. 
TSA can and must do better, but it is 
not all on them. We can help. Our Pre-siding Officer has oftentimes heard me talk about Home Depot: You can do it. We can help. The same is true here. TSA and employees can do it. We can help. We have an obligation to do that. 
One of the ways we can help them do 
their jobs better is by voting in support of the President’s nominee for TSA Ad-ministrator, Admiral Peter Neffenger. Admiral Neffenger has served as a com-missioned officer in the Coast Guard since 1982, assuming the position of Vice Commandant in May of 2014. Throughout his nearly 34-year career in the U.S. Coast Guard, Admiral Neffenger has displayed exceptional leadership skills and the will to con-front big challenges. These qualities will be very important if he is con-firmed—and I hope he will be—as our next TSA Administrator. 
Let me just take a moment if I can 
to share with my colleagues a few things that I learned about the admiral during the nominating process. First, Admiral Neffenger has a clear vision for TSA. He said the agency must strive to be an intelligence driven, risk-based counterterrorism agency. 
Second, he has acknowledged the dif-
ficult challenges facing TSA today but, more importantly, he is committed to addressing them head on and striving for perfection. Finally, I learned that he is committed to working with Con-gress, with the inspector general, with GAO—the Government Accountability Office—and with the stakeholders to improve TSA. 
But you don’t have to take my word 
for it. Admiral Neffenger has received the support of all three former Secre-taries of Homeland Security. One former Secretary of DHS, my old friend Tom Ridge, said the nominee’s ‘‘experi-ence is broad, his reputation superb, and his commitment to public service profound and unquestionable.’’ After meeting with and getting to know Ad-miral Neffenger, I could not agree more. 
(Mr. JOHNSON assumed the Chair.) I thank Chairman T
HUNE and Rank-
ing Member N ELSON , who is here on the 
floor today, of the committee on com-merce for working closely with our committee. The current Presiding Offi-
cer of our session here is our chairman of homeland security. I thank all of you for working closely with our com-mittee on Admiral Neffenger’s nomina-tion. I thank Chairman J
OHNSON and 
his staff for acting swiftly on this nom-ination so that it could be considered by the Senate today. 
In less than 2 weeks, we will cele-
brate the 239th anniversary of our Na-tion’s independence. On the days sur-rounding that celebration, millions of Americans will be traveling to spend time with their families and friends. We owe it to each of them to have a permanent, Senate-confirmed TSA Ad-ministrator in place. The President has given us a great name, a good man, and a good leader, and I urge my colleagues to join me in voting today for Peter Neffenger. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
TRAGEDY IN SOUTH CAROLINA  
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, before I 
speak about the two nominees who are before us this afternoon, I feel com-pelled to make a couple of brief com-ments about the tragedy that occurred in South Carolina. Sometimes it is dif-ficult to understand why there still seems to be so much hatred in the world. 
I remember the President and First 
Lady of Rwanda telling my wife and me what had happened that led up to that genocide back years ago in which 1 million people were hacked to death with machetes because of the enmity and hatred between two tribes, where people didn’t think of themselves as Rwandan, they thought of themselves as Hutu or Tutsi. And that enmity, that rivalry turned into hatred, and the hatred was spurred on by hate-talk over the airwaves. So we know about that sad chapter of two peoples who did unimaginable things, and here we see this continues. 
I am reminded—because it is embla-
zoned in my mind’s eye—of three dec-ades ago and looking out the window of our spacecraft back at Earth. From that perspective, when you look back at Earth, which is so beautiful and so colorful, so creative as it is suspended in the middle of nothing, you don’t see racial divisions, you don’t see religious divisions, and you don’t see ethnic divi-sions. What you see is this beautiful creation. My mind’s eye carries that view constantly and that reminder that we are all in this together. Yet, on the face of the Earth, we always want to divide; we always want to separate; we want to say: You are different than I, and, as a result, I am going to take it out on you. The great genius of America is that we have overcome a lot of that by assimilating people of dif-ferent colors and different races and different creeds and different back-
grounds and different religions all to-gether so that we think of ourselves as Americans first. In the world in which the Presiding Officer and I live—the world of politics—we have had a lot of that divisiveness, and we ought to be thinking of ourselves as Americans in-stead of as Republicans or Democrats. 
This tragedy has riveted the Nation. 
It has riveted the Nation also on the question of the battle flag of the Con-federacy. 
This Senator’s great-great grand-
father, at the time of the Battle of Marianna, was well past 50 years. So he had not fought in the Civil War, but he was conscripted by the Home Guards to go into the Battle of Marianna, where he was taken prisoner and ended up in the northern prisoner-of-war camp, where so many of the prisoners died, in Elmira, NY. He probably survived be-cause that winter that killed so many—the winter of 1864–1865—because he was past 50 years old, they probably did not put him in one of those cotton tents on the hillside where disease and cold took over. 
But why should we attach our alle-
giance to a flag that represents separa-tion instead of embracing ‘‘out of many, one’’; ‘‘In God We Trust’’; ‘‘e pluribus unum’’—‘‘out of many, one’’? 
It was announced in the press this 
afternoon that the Governor of South Carolina said: Let’s take that battle flag down from the capitol grounds in Columbia, SC, and put it in a museum. 
We will see the ensuing fight that oc-
curs with regard to the legislature and changing the law. It was a few years ago that a very courageous Republican Governor led the effort to take that battle flag off the top of the capitol in South Carolina and put it at that Con-federate monument still on the capitol grounds. That courageous Republican Governor lost his next election as a re-sult of that. 
So it is time for us to move on. It is 
time for us to start thinking about unity and coming together. As the Good Book says, come, let us reason together. 
Those are the remarks I wanted to 
make. 
I wish to speak about our two nomi-
nees. 
The nominee for TSA whom the Sen-
ator from Delaware just spoke about, Coast Guard VADM Peter Neffenger, has obviously had a distinguished ca-reer. His reputation precedes him, with 34 years in a variety of capacities. He has expertise in critical areas of crisis management and port security, which will serve him well as the head of TSA, 
and I believe the Senate will confirm him today. He was involved in that dis-astrous oilspill in the gulf. He was the national incident commander and he helped lead that emergency response. We are still seeing the results of that spill, those of us on the gulf coast, and that disaster required coordination be-tween all levels of government and all of its agencies, as well as the manage-ment of people and technology. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.012 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4340 June 22, 2015 
Recently, it has been pointed out, as 
we receive new information about the status and condition of that ruptured well, the incident command had to weigh the risk and make difficult choices with a lot of incomplete infor-mation. Well, he exhibited strong lead-ership then, and I believe he will give that leadership to an agency which needs that strong leadership now. 
The next nominee we will consider is 
Daniel Elliott to be a member of the Surface Transportation Board. That is an important agency which helps en-sure we have a strong and efficient rail network to move goods throughout the United States. 
We know how vital the railroad in-
dustry is to our economy and getting goods to market. We have to do that, and we can’t do it with just trucks. We need the bulk of the materials to be carried on the rails. Decisions made by the Surface Transportation Board have long-lasting impacts on our Nation’s economic competitiveness, and that is why last week the Senate passed the Surface Transportation Board Reau-thorization Act of 2015—to make the agency more efficient and effective. 
We need individuals who are qualified 
to serve, and Daniel Elliott is such an individual. Earlier this year, he was nominated to be reappointed as a mem-ber of the Board. He previously served as Chairman. He also has had a great deal of experience as an attorney, in-cluding close to two decades litigating in the transportation sector. I ask the Senate to join in and support Mr. El-liott’s nomination. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business for 10 min-utes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
KING V . BURWELL DECISION  
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, in 
the next couple of days, the Supreme Court is going to rule on a case that will have a long-lasting impact not only on just what health care is going on in this country but a long-lasting impact on how the law is to be inter-preted. This is a law called the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. It was hurried through Congress before anyone had time to read it, and it con-tained multiple mistakes and con-tradictions. 
Already this administration has uni-
laterally changed this law over 30 times to try to make it work, including completely rewriting a section about who gets the subsidies and who lives underneath the mandates. The law says the States that set up an exchange as a State exchange are under the subsidies and also have those mandates, but the administration claims that, no, it was intended for everyone. 
Within days, the Supreme Court will 
release their opinion on this matter in a case called King v. Burwell and basi-cally answer this one question: Does 
the law mean what the law says or does the law mean what the administration interprets it to mean? 
This is not a political problem; this 
is a health care problem for millions of people. These days, the discussion seems to circle around on who is to blame. Well, people and families were hurt in the ObamaCare chaos because of the way this law was written. They are not worried about blame; they are worried about the issues facing their family in the days ahead. I have the ob-ligation to do whatever I can to protect the people of my State from the harm-ful effects of this law, and there are many. 
The people in my State distinctly 
heard people say 5 years ago: If you like your health care, you can keep it, except for the people who were forced off the State-run exchange that al-ready existed in Oklahoma and were pushed out—ObamaCare, that is 5 years old, came after Insure Oklahoma, which is 10 years old—except for the people who have higher deductibles in my State, except for the people who now have higher premiums in my State. In Oklahoma this year, the re-quested rate increase for health care is between 11 and 45 percent, depending on the plan and the county you live in. This year’s rate increase is between 11 and 45 percent. 
In addition, physician-owned hos-
pitals are trapped in time, not allowed to grow larger than what they were 5 years ago. Many people in my State like the physician-owned hospitals, and they want to see it succeed, instead of being slowly bled to death. 
People struggle to find a job in places 
in my State because of this 40-hour re-quirement that hangs over them. They now have to find two jobs, each having about 28 hours, so they can keep up the amount of pay. Those individuals were hurt in this process. 
Higher premium costs in the plans 
will soon come to those in unions be-cause they have too good of health care insurance. In the short days ahead, union members who have premium health care policies will now get a pen-alty for having insurance that is too good for this administration. 
By next year, the Independent Pay-
ment Advisory Board kicks off its work. Its sole responsibility is to find areas to be able to save money by cut-ting options for patients. 
This is not a mess that can be fixed 
with one sentence—unless that one sentence says ‘‘the bill is repealed.’’ 
So how do we solve this in the days 
ahead? Let me lay out a couple of ideas before the Senate because very soon we are going to be confronted with this when the Supreme Court actually re-sponds. 
First, do the basic things: Do no 
harm and stop the existing harm. We need to transition out of the subsidies and mandates of ObamaCare for mil-lions of people who will lose their sub-sidy when the Court rules in favor of the American people and the law of the 
United States—the clear text reading of the law. 
Those individuals who were forced 
into ObamaCare are not the problem. We are not angry at those individuals. They are trapped in a mess that was made around them that they were forced into. 
I will never forget a conversation I 
had with a Democrat in my State who was participating in a plan called In-sure Oklahoma—who liked their insur-ance plan. It was a subsidized plan from our State. They pulled me aside 5 years ago and said: Is there any way I can keep the State-based plan I have now? And all I could do is look at him and say, no, you can’t, actually, and that is not my decision. The Affordable Care Act which was passed and the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices and HHS forced the people in my State out of a State-based solution for health care and into the larger na-tional solution. Many Oklahomans lost their health care coverage and were forced out of it. It was already a sub-sidized system, and now they were taken from one plan and pushed into another. Let’s do no harm, and let’s try to help those individuals to be able to find their way back to a plan they like and help in that transition. 
The second thing is pretty straight-
forward: States should have the free-dom to choose any path to help their citizens. States should not have to check in with the Federal Government to ask permission to take care of their neighbors and citizens. How ridiculous is that; that a State leadership would have to go to the Federal Government to say we want to develop a plan to be able to help our own citizens, and the Federal Government says, no, they have to check in with us instead. 
This is basically a repeal option for 
all 50 States. For those States that like it, we would say, if you like your ObamaCare, you can keep it, and for all the States that don’t, they have their own way out to be able to take care of their own citizens. 
The tax money that is being supple-
mented for those came from those States. Why shouldn’t it be returned to those States and give the States the ability to be able to speak to that issue for their own citizens. We have to stop this mentality that only the people of Washington, DC, love the individuals in each State and want to care for them and be able to manage what is hap-pening in that State. That State lead-ership deeply cares about their own citizens. Let’s let them step up and lead. 
Third is probably the clearest of all 
of them: People should have the free-dom to choose any health care plan they want. What a radical idea, to ac-tually hand people freedom, to hand people opportunities. Free of the man-dates and the penalties, patients should be able to pick their own doctor and their own plan for their own fam-ily. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.015 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4341 June 22, 2015 
I have to say, it is ironic. I hear peo-
ple call this law either ObamaCare or the Affordable Care Act. I am fas-cinated with that because the law’s name is the ‘‘Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.’’ Over the last 5 years, the words ‘‘patient protection’’ seem to have disappeared from every part of everyone’s vernacular in this. I would only have to say, I agree. 
When did we stop saying to the pa-
tient: You have no ability to make your own choices. I will tell you when. When ObamaCare passed and every-thing became about affordable rather than about patient. We have seen the consequences of this. 
In the days ahead, the Supreme 
Court will rule on this, and I believe strongly they are going to rule for the plain text of the law, not just about ObamaCare but because they have to make the decision as the Supreme Court: Does the law mean what the law says or can any administration on any law in the future reinterpret it based on their preferences? 
If there is one area that would be a 
great path for us to follow, it is in the days ahead that we get back to the government is about the law, and we follow the law because we are a nation of laws, not just a nation of leaders. The law is to be king in our Nation. 
So let’s interpret it the way it is 
written and let’s give people back the freedom they want and need. Let’s put the patient back in health care. That is the next step I think we should take in this U.S. Senate. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that all time be yielded back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
All time is yielded back. 
VOTE ON NEFFENGER NOMINATION  
The question occurs on the Neffenger 
nomination. 
Mr. PAUL. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the nomination of Peter V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity? 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator 
from Indiana (Mr. C OATS ), the Senator 
from Tennessee (Mr. C ORKER ), the Sen-
ator from Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ), the Sen-
ator from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the Sen-
ator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-
HAM), the Senator from North Dakota 
(Mr. H OEVEN ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK), the Senator from Utah (Mr. 
LEE), the Senator from Alaska (Ms. 
MURKOWSKI ), the Senator from South 
Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ), the Senator from 
Florida (Mr. R UBIO), the Senator from 
South Carolina (Mr. S COTT), the Sen-
ator from South Dakota (Mr. T HUNE ), 
and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). 
Further, if present and voting, the 
Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator from New Jer-
sey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ), and the Senator 
from Montana (Mr. T ESTER ) are nec-
essarily absent. 
The result was announced—yeas 81, 
nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 217 Ex.] 
YEAS—81 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Cotton Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Mikulski Moran Murphy 
Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Sanders Schatz Schumer Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tillis Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—1 
Sasse 
NOT VOTING—18 
Blunt Coats Corker Crapo Cruz Franken Graham 
Hoeven Kirk Lee Menendez Murkowski Rounds 
Rubio Scott Tester Thune Toomey 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON ELLIOTT NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board for a term expiring December 31, 2018? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE EXPLANATION  
∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
was necessarily absent for rollcall vote No. 217 and the voice vote that fol-lowed. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: rollcall vote No. 217, the confirmation of Peter V. Neffenger to be an Assistant Secretary of Home-land Security, I would have voted yea; on the voice vote, the confirmation of Daniel R. Elliott III to be a member of the Surface Transportation Board, I would have voted yea. ∑ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will 
be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
The Senator from Arizona. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Ohio. 
f 
KING V. BURWELL DECISION 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, nearly 12 
million Americans, including 500,000 Iowans—more than that, actually—now have access to affordable health cov-erage because of the Affordable Care Act, and many for the first time in their lives. 
We know what the health care law 
has meant in Ohio and across the coun-try. Patients can’t be dropped from coverage or charged higher rates just because they got sick. Also, 97,000 young Ohioans have been able to stay on their parents’ health insurance until their 26th birthday, giving them the chance to focus on careers, edu-cation, and future plans. Lifetime in-surance caps are no longer bankrupting people with chronic conditions. Those with preexisting conditions, such as children with diabetes and asthma, will no longer be denied coverage or charged higher premiums. 
But despite all of these successes, the 
Supreme Court of the United States is currently considering a case that can take affordable health care away from hundreds of thousands of Ohioans, tens of thousands in the State of Oklahoma, and millions of Americans. 
In Ohio alone, 161,000 people are at 
risk of losing access to affordable 
health coverage in the King v. Burwell decision that the Court will soon hand down. These Ohioans receive an annual subsidy of about $240 a month to help them purchase private insurance plans. That is an average of nearly $3,000 per person per year. Hard-working families stand to lose even more. 
Taking away those subsidies—as 
many of my Republican colleagues have pushed the Court to do—would amount to a massive tax increase on Ohioans already struggling to get by. These same Republican colleagues have not come up with a workable solution if the Court rules their way. They have pushed this case all the way to the Su-preme Court only to leave 161,000 Ohio-ans and nearly 12 million Americans without access to affordable coverage. 
We know what this new access to 
health insurance has meant for fami-lies in my State. Let me read from a couple of letters. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.017 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4342 June 22, 2015 
This spring I met with Jumaane 
Cook from Parma Heights and his 5- year-old son James. Jumaane is 34 years old and has lived in Ohio for most of his life. He became insured for the first time in his adult life just last year when he purchased insurance for himself and his son on the Federal ex-change. 
Jumaane was a college athlete but he 
tore his ACL in 2007. His injury left him unable to play sports, and his lack of insurance left him unable to afford treatment. Jumaane came to Wash-ington to tell us how important the Af-fordable Care Act and his subsidy are to him and to his son. Because his em-ployer doesn’t offer health insurance, without the Federal subsidy Jumaane would be forced to go without insur-ance again and his son would have to go on public assistance. 
Jumaane is not alone. Rachael in Cincinnati wrote to me 
when the Supreme Court decided to hear the Burwell case. She and her hus-band ‘‘have insured ourselves through individual insurance since 2008. It has been difficult and, at times, we have had to go without insurance simply due to the incredibly high cost of insurance in our area. We have paid our pre-
miums every month. I will be fit-to-be- tied if I have to look for health insur-ance again. I was disappointed with what I could afford on the Federal ex-change. And, I fear I will not be able to afford any insurance if I lose my sub-sidy.’’ 
Lisa in Athens wrote: 
I have been reviewing plans on 
Healthcare.gov. At my age—over 60, but not Medicare-eligible—the premiums are high, even for the Bronze plans. It concerns me that a court may rule that the subsidies are not available to those who access the Fed-eral exchange. 
That is why these subsidies exist—to 
help people such as Lisa afford cov-erage, regardless of where they live. 
Jim from Streetsboro, near Akron, 
wrote, saying that he is ‘‘62, drawing a pension, on Social Security, and paying COBRA health care to the tune of $1,200 a month.’’ Jim is looking forward to buying cheaper insurance coverage through the Federal exchange, which he should be able to afford. He wrote: ‘‘At least that was the plan until some-one decided to try and derail the ACA for the umpteenth time. If things go bad with this decision, please do all you can to remember those who have worked their entire lives’’—to remem-ber those who have worked their entire lives. 
What the Supreme Court could do, 
and what clearly most Republican Members of this body and the House of Representatives want the Supreme Court to do, is to strike this part of this law down so that 161,000 Ohioans will either lose their insurance by los-ing their subsidy or pay increased fees—taxes in the years ahead. 
Connie in Cincinnati wrote to me 
after the lower court decision came down. She said the ACA has been ‘‘a Godsend’’ for her. Connie wrote: I believe strongly in the importance of 
having health care and have recently quali-fied for a catastrophic health plan with tax credits on healthcare.gov. 
As you know, Ohio is one of those States 
that opted out of establishing its own State plans. That was not a problem until yester-day. Now, facing a plan that may be ineli-gible for the federal tax credit, I face a dire financial situation. 
Connie says: 
I have willingly paid my fair share of taxes 
throughout my life. My tax dollars helped bail out banks and automobile corporations. I need my government to look out for me. 
The Supreme Court needs to hear 
from people such as Connie and Jim and Jumaane and Lisa and Rachael. These are hard-working Ohioans, most of whom have worked their entire life, but, unfortunately for them, have not worked for a company that has pro-vided affordable health care. They have spent large chunks of their paychecks on health care, even with Federal sub-sidies. The Supreme Court should re-member that before it takes away af-fordable coverage. That is a lifeline to these Ohioans and to so many millions of Americans. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 30TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE MS. SENIOR NE-VADA PAGEANT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize Ms. Senior Nevada, Inc., on the organization’s 30th anniversary. 
Since it was founded in 1985, Ms. Sen-
ior Nevada, Inc., has honored the tal-ents and accomplishments of senior women throughout the State of Ne-vada. The first Ms. Senior Nevada Pag-eant was held in 1986 at the former Sa-hara Hotel and Casino. At the time, only one contestant from each county was able to compete in the pageant. Today, the Ms. Senior Nevada Pageant is open to all women in Nevada who are age 60 or older, to celebrate the ‘‘age of elegance.’’ 
The contestants in the Ms. Senior 
Nevada pageant must demonstrate their strengths in four areas: talent, evening gown, philosophy of life, and an interview. The winner of the pag-eant represents Nevada on the national stage at the Ms. Senior America pag-eant. During her reigning year, Ms. Senior Nevada travels throughout the State to discuss a variety of issues af-fecting senior citizens and promotes her platform. Past Ms. Senior Nevada platforms have included ‘‘for the good of seniors’’ and ‘‘responsible pet owner-ship.’’ 
I commend Ms. Senior Nevada, Inc., 
on recognizing exceptional senior women in the Silver State for 30 years, and I applaud their service to the State 
of Nevada. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WENLIANG WANG 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize entrepreneur and philan-thropist Wenliang Wang for his com-mitment and dedication to restoring one of the world’s most impressive wet-lands, the Dandong Yalu River Estuary Wetland in China. 
Mr. Wang is well-known in his coun-
try as the founder and chairman of the China Rilin Construction Group, which is among the largest private construc-tion companies in China. Rilin is also the owner and operator of the Port of Dandong, a vital trading hub in Liaoning Province located in northeast China. Though Mr. Wang has impor-tant business ties to this region, it is his private efforts and personal connec-tion to the area that has influenced him to invest millions of dollars in the restoration of the Dandong Yalu River Estuary Wetland. 
Not far from Dandong Port, sit the 
Dandong wetlands. Bird watchers, sci-entists, and outdoor enthusiasts travel from around the world to Liaoning to study the area and watch the native species and migratory birds, including those that fly from New Zealand to Alaska each year. Mr. Wang recognized the significance of safeguarding and enhancing these wetlands. With his support, restoration work to revitalize the fields, shrimp pond, and tidal basin has made this important migratory destination a sanctuary for all of the species that depend on the wetland. 
Today, the Dandong wetlands are 
among the most inhabited wetlands in the world, which includes feeding and resting areas for hundreds of thousands of migrating and wading birds, such as the rare saunders’ gull. It is my under-standing that there are approximately 14,000 of these birds left in the world and more than 1,300 have made the wet-land their home. 
I applaud Mr. Wang for his commit-
ment to protecting the internationally significant Dandong Yalu River Estu-ary Wetland and wish him the very best in his continued efforts to protect our environment and restore these im-portant sites. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING ARKANSAS POWER 
LINEMEN 
∑Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I would 
like to recognize 12 Arkansas power linemen who recently traveled to Gua-temala as volunteers with the National Rural Electric Cooperative Associa-tion’s International Foundation to put into action cooperative principle num-ber 6—cooperation among cooperatives. On their recent trip, Doug Evans, Kyle Metcalf, Andy Caywood, Michael Counts, Andy Ward, Brent Hufstedler, Kirk Kempson, Kris Rankin, Joey 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G22JN6.019 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4343 June 22, 2015 
Burk, Paul Garrison, Ryan Hayes, and 
Will Glover donated their time and ex-pertise to help those less fortunate. 
Over 19 days, these men built an elec-
tric distribution system that extended 4 miles to the agricultural commu-nities of Jolom Ijix and Zapotal. Their work connected homes to an electric grid powered by a small hydroelectric plant, helping bring electricity to these communities for the first time. Elec-tricity plays a critical role in pro-viding health care, education, access to clean water, and economic oppor-tunity, and I am proud to have these Arkansans help the people of Jolom Ijix and Zapotal along the path to-wards long-lasting growth. 
These 12 men and the many other 
volunteers from electric co-ops in Ar-kansas have traveled to Guatemala for rural electrification projects in recent years. Their compassion and spirit rep-resent the best of our State. As a result of their efforts, the residents of these Guatemalan communities will see an immeasurable improvement in their quality of life. These volunteers, like others before them, have created a lasting impact on regions that need help the most. ∑ 
f 
NATIVE AMERICAN CODE TALKERS 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize four American heroes who exemplify the best Montana has to offer: Samson Birdinground, Cyril Not Afraid, Barney Old Coyote and Henry Old Coyote. 
These men selflessly served our coun-
try during World War II by offering up the Apsaalooke ´Crow, language as part 
of a national ‘‘code-talk’’ program. This program used the unique style of several Native American languages to transmit and receive military intel-ligence, providing crucial communica-tion to forces overseas. 
These four brave gentlemen sac-
rificed much to defend their homeland during the war. Using skilled knowl-edge of the Apsaalooke ´; tongue, they 
worked closely with American defense forces. The beautiful complexity of the Crow language allowed it to be proc-essed without fear of enemy breach, leading the program to successfully save countless lives. 
All four heroes were recently award-
ed Congress’ most prestigious honor: the Congressional Gold Medal. Their families will ceremoniously accept the medals on behalf of their forefathers this week. 
Apsaalooke ´, or Crow, Nation has a 
rich heritage of members going above and beyond the call of duty, and these men are decidedly no exception. We Montanans are proud of our diverse heritage, and it is truly an honor to celebrate individuals who so humbly embody the spirit of patriotism. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. PAUL HOMMERT 
∑Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize Dr. Paul Hommert on his retirement. I have had the pleasure of 
working with Paul on a number of oc-casions during his tenure with Sandia National Laboratories. I greatly appre-ciate and respect his professionalism, 
knowledge, and dedication as the direc-tor of Sandia National Laboratories and president of Sandia Corporation. Paul has given a great deal to this Na-tion and to its defense. The importance of his work directly involves the com-plex threats facing our country focus-ing on national security and tech-nology innovation. 
Paul began his career with Sandia as 
a member of the technical staff in 1976 and then gradually moved to positions of increased responsibility in a broad range of programs and management as-signments. He initially led programs supporting energy research, and from the mid- to late-1990s, he was director of engineering sciences. Later in his career, Dr. Hommert became the Direc-tor of Research and Applied Science at the Atomic Weapons Establishment in the United Kingdom, where he led the science and engineering organization responsible for the United Kingdom’s nuclear deterrent. From 2003 to 2006, Dr. Hommert led the Applied Physics Division at Los Alamos National Lab-oratory. The division was responsible for nuclear weapon design and assess-ment, weapon performance code devel-opment, and weapon science support. Dr. Hommert returned to Sandia to be-come vice president of Sandia’s Cali-fornia site, a position he held until 2009, when he transitioned to Sandia’s main site in Albuquerque to become Executive Vice President and Deputy Laboratories Director for the Nuclear Weapons Program. In July 2010, Dr. Hommert became the Director of Sandia National Laboratories and President of Sandia Corporation. 
Throughout his distinguished career, 
Paul has received numerous awards, such as the Outstanding Alumnus Award for Professional Excellence from Purdue’s School of Mechanical Engi-neering, and a Distinguished Engineer-ing Alumni Award from Purdue’s Col-lege of Engineering. In addition, Dr. Hommert was named Laboratory Di-rector of the Year in 2013 by the Fed-eral Laboratory Consortium for his support of Sandia’s technology transfer activities. This award recognizes fed-eral laboratories and their industry partners for outstanding technology transfer efforts and has become one of the most prestigious honors in tech-nology transfer. Paul has represented our country with integrity and honor, and it is my privilege to thank him for his contribution to our nation’s secu-rity. I wish him best of luck, continued happiness, and offer my congratula-tions on his retirement. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 3:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 160. An act to amend the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
H.R. 160. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1973. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Sethoxydim; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9928–20) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 12, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1974. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Di-n-butyl carbonate; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9928–63–OCSPP) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 12, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1975. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator, Rural Housing Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reserve Account’’ (RIN0575–AC99) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 12, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1976. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of Vice Admiral Michael J. Connor, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1977. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Under Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.026 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4344 June 22, 2015 
Defense (Legislative Affairs), Department of 
Defense, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 12, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1978. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Deputy Chief Man-agement Officer, Department of Defense, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 12, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1979. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of ten (10) officers authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral or rear admiral (lower half), as indicated, in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1980. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a six-month periodic report relative to the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 12938 of Novem-ber 14, 1994; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1981. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; South Carolina; Charlotte- Rock Hill; Base Year Emissions Inventory and Emissions Statements Requirements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9928–88–Region 4) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 12, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1982. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Revision to the New York State Implementation Plan for Carbon Mon-oxide’’ (FRL No. 9929–11–Region 2) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 12, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1983. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Update of the Motor Vehicle Emis-sions Budgets and General Conformity Budg-ets for the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre 1997 8- Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard Maintenance Area’’ (FRL No. 9929– 07–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 12, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1984. A communication from the Chair 
of the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Ac-cess Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on Medicaid and CHIP’’ to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–1985. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–017); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1986. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–024); to 
the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1987. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–026); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1988. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–047); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–1989. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–056); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1990. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–030); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1991. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–038); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1992. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–037); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1993. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–042); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1994. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–149); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1995. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–033); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1996. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Admiral James A. Winnefeld, Jr., United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1997. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting proposed legislation en-titled ‘‘Modernization of Military Retire-ment System’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1998. A communication from the Coun-
sel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Inte-grated Mortgage Disclosures Under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (Regula-tion X) and the Truth in Lending Act (Regu-lation Z)’’ (RIN3170–AA19) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1999. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Imple-mentation of the Australia Group (AG) No-vember 2013 Intersessional Decisions’’ (RIN0694–AG45) received in the Office of the 
President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2000. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Appraisal Subcommittee, Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Appraisal Subcommittee’s 2014 Annual Report; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2001. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the feasibility study that was undertaken to document the development of a project for navigation of Portsmouth Harbor and Piscataqua River, Maine and New Hamp-shire; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2002. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Regulations and Reports Clear-ance, Social Security Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Sixty-Month Period of Employ-ment Requirement for Government Pension Offset Exemption’’ (RIN0960–AG50) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–2003. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Office of Documents and Regu-latory Management, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-moval of Obsolete Provisions’’ (45 CFR Part 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2004. A communication from the Dep-
uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Summary of Benefits and Coverage and Uniform Glos-sary’’ ((RIN0938–AS54) (CMS–9938-F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2005. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Summary of Benefits and Coverage and Uniform Glossary’’ (RIN1210–AB69) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2006. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Listing of Color Additives Exempt from Certification; Mica-Based Pearlescent Pigments’’ (Docket Nos. FDA– 2014–C–1616 and FDA–2015–C–0245) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 12, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2007. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2012 Annual Progress Report on the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Pro-gram and National Cord Blood Inventory Program’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2008. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2013 Annual Progress Report on the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Pro-gram and National Cord Blood Inventory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.006 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4345 June 22, 2015 
Program’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–2009. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semi-Annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from Octo-ber 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015 and the Semi-Annual Report of the Treasury Inspec-tor General for Tax Administration (TIGTA); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2010. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2014 Re-port to Congress on the Benefits and Costs of Federal Regulations and Unfunded Mandates on State, Local, and Tribal Entities’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–2011. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report from the Office of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015 and a report entitled ‘‘Compendium of Unimplemented Recommendations’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–2012. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Policy and Planning Analysis, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Employees Health Benefits Pro-gram; Rate Setting for Community-Rated Plans’’ (RIN3206–AN00) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2013. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Recruitment and Hiring, Office of Per-sonnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Des-ignation of National Security Positions in the Competitive Service, and Related Mat-ters’’ (RIN3206–AM73) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 15, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–2014. A communication from the Execu-
tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
EC–2015. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment, Veterans Benefits Administration, De-partment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Presumption of Herbicide Exposure and Presumption of Disability During Service For Reservists Presumed Exposed to Herbi-cide’’ (RIN2900–AP43) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–2016. A communication from the Acting 
Director of Regulation Policy and Manage-ment, Veterans Benefits Administration, De-partment of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Delegations of Authority: Office of Regula-tion Policy and Management (ORPM)’’ (RIN2900–AP47) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
EC–2017. A joint communication from the 
Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Principal Deputy Under Secretary of De-fense (Personnel and Readiness), transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Vet-erans Affairs and Department of Defense Joint Executive Committee Fiscal Year 2014 Annual Report’’; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. EC–2018. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Taking of Marine Mammals Incidental to Commercial Fishing Operations; Atlantic Large Whale Take Reduction Plan Regula-tions’’ (RIN0648–BE83) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 16, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2019. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Small-Mesh Multispecies Specifica-tions’’ (RIN0648–BE87) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2020. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Special Management Zones for Dela-ware Artificial Reefs’’ (RIN0648–BD42) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2021. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlan-tic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648–XD973) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2022. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Sec-retary/Administrator, Transportation Secu-rity Administration, Department of Home-land Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2023. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Carriage of Digital Television Broadcast Signals: Amendment to Part 76 of the Commission’s Rules’’ (CS Docket No. 98–120, FCC 15–65) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 17, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2024. A communication from the Acting 
Director, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Gray Triggerfish’’ (RIN0648–XD901) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 12, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2025. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment to the Commission’s Rules Concerning Effective Competition’’ (MB Docket No. 15– 53, FCC 15–62) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 12, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petition or memorial 
was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–44. A joint resolution adopted by the 
Legislature of the State of Nevada urging the United States Congress to enact legisla-tion allowing individual states to establish daylight saving time as the standard time in their respective states throughout the cal-endar year; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
A
SSEMBLY JOINT RESOLUTION NO. 4 
Whereas, When Congress enacted The 
Emergency Daylight Saving Time Energy Conservation Act of 1973 (Pub. L. No. 93–182, 87 Stat. 707), it included in its findings and declarations of policy that ‘‘various studies of governmental and nongovernmental agen-cies indicate that year-round daylight saving time would produce an energy saving in elec-trical power consumption’’; and 
Whereas, Congress also found and declared 
that ‘‘the use of year-round daylight saving time could have other beneficial effects on the public interest, including the reduction of crime, improved traffic safety, more day-light outdoor playtime for children and youth of our Nation, [and] greater utiliza-tion of parks and recreation areas’’; and 
Whereas, Congress also found and declared 
that the use of year-round daylight saving time could result in ‘‘expanded economic op-portunity through extension of daylight hours to peak shopping hours and through extension of domestic office hours to periods of greater overlap with the European Eco-nomic Community’’; now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Assembly and Senate of the 
State of Nevada, Jointly, That the Nevada 
Legislature urges the members of Congress to enact appropriate legislation to give indi-vidual states the option of establishing day-light saving time as the standard time in their respective states throughout the cal-endar year; and be it further 
Resolved, That the Chief Clerk of the As-
sembly prepare and transmit a copy of this resolution to the Vice President of the United States as the presiding officer of the United States Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives and each member of the Nevada Congressional Delegation; and be it further 
Resolved, That this resolution becomes ef-
fective upon passage. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. INHOFE, from the Committee on 
Environment and Public Works, with an amendment: 
S. 544. A bill to prohibit the Environmental 
Protection Agency from proposing, final-izing, or disseminating regulations or assess-ments based upon science that is not trans-parent or reproducible (Rept. No. 114–69). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. 
COTTON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. V ITTER , and 
Mr. I NHOFE ): 
S. 1640. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to improve immigration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:31 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.007 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4346 June 22, 2015 
law enforcement within the interior of the 
United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mrs. 
C
APITO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , 
Ms. H IRONO , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, 
Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
MORAN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. S ANDERS , 
and Mr. T ESTER ): 
S. 1641. A bill to improve the use by the De-
partment of Veterans Affairs of opioids in treating veterans, to improve patient advo-cacy by the Department, and to expand availability of complementary and integra-tive health, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARDIN , and Mr. T ESTER ): 
S. 1642. A bill to reduce Federal, State, and 
local costs of providing high-quality drink-ing water to millions of people in the United States residing in rural communities by fa-cilitating greater use of cost-effective alter-native systems, including well water sys-tems, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. R UBIO, 
and Mr. W YDEN ): 
S. Res. 207. A resolution recognizing 
threats to freedom of the press and expres-sion around the world and reaffirming free-dom of the press as a priority in efforts of the United States Government to promote democracy and good governance; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. Con. Res. 18. A concurrent resolution 
recongizing the daisy as the flower for mili-tary caregivers; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 33 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 33, a bill to provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy decisions to approve or deny applications to export natural gas, and for other purposes. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add phys-ical therapists to the list of providers allowed to utilize locum tenens ar-rangements under Medicare. 
S. 497 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 497, a bill to allow Americans to 
earn paid sick time so that they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their families. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 800 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 800, a bill to improve, coordinate, and enhance rehabilitation research at the National Institutes of Health. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify cov-erage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 843 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
Michigan (Ms. S TABENOW ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 843, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of out-patient observation services in a hos-pital toward satisfying the 3-day inpa-tient hospital requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 901, a bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 968 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from New York 
(Mr. S CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 968, a bill to require the Commissioner of Social Se-curity to revise the medical and eval-uation criteria for determining dis-ability in a person diagnosed with Hun-tington’s Disease and to waive the 24- month waiting period for Medicare eli-gibility for individuals disabled by Huntington’s Disease. S. 1040 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1040, a bill to direct the Con-sumer Product Safety Commission and the National Academy of Sciences to study the vehicle handling require-ments proposed by the Commission for recreational off-highway vehicles and to prohibit the adoption of any such re-quirements until the completion of the study, and for other purposes. 
S. 1135 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1135, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for fairness in hospital payments under the Medicare program. 
S. 1149 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1149, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require report-ing of certain data by providers and suppliers of air ambulance services for purposes of reforming reimbursements for such services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1190 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1190, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure equal access of Medicare beneficiaries to community pharmacies in underserved areas as network pharmacies under Medicare prescription drug coverage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1212, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock owner-ship plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1347 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1347, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of patient en-counters in ambulatory surgical cen-ters in determining meaningful EHR use, and for other purposes. 
S. 1362 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1362, a bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-in-clusive care for the elderly (PACE pro-grams). 
S. 1427 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.010 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4347 June 22, 2015 
S. 1427, a bill to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to facilitate increased coordination and alignment between the public and private sector with respect to quality and efficiency measures. 
S. 1509 
At the request of Mr. C ARPER , the 
names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) and the Senator from Minnesota 
(Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 1509, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coordination of pro-grams to prevent and treat obesity, and for other purposes. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from 
Rhode Island (Mr. R EED) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1512, a bill to elimi-nate discrimination and promote wom-en’s health and economic security by ensuring reasonable workplace accom-modations for workers whose ability to perform the functions of a job are lim-ited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a re-lated medical condition. 
S. 1538 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1538, a bill to reform the financing of Senate elections, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1544 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1544, a bill to rescind un-used earmarks provided for the Depart-ment of Transportation, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 200 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Vermont 
(Mr. L EAHY ), the Senator from Massa-
chusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) and the Senator 
from Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 200, a resolution wishing His Holiness the 14th Dalai Lama a happy 80th birthday on July 6, 2015, and recognizing the outstanding contributions His Holiness has made to the promotion of non-violence, human rights, interfaith dia-logue, environmental awareness, and democracy. 
S. RES. 204 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Res. 204, a resolution recognizing June 20, 2015 as ‘‘World Refugee Day’’. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 207—RECOG-
NIZING THREATS TO FREEDOM OF THE PRESS AND EXPRESSION AROUND THE WORLD AND RE-AFFIRMING FREEDOM OF THE PRESS AS A PRIORITY IN EF-FORTS OF THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT TO PROMOTE DE-MOCRACY AND GOOD GOVERN-ANCE 
Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, 
and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 207 
Whereas Article 19 of the United Nations 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, adopted at Paris December 10, 1948, states that ‘‘everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without inter-ference and to seek, receive, and impart in-
formation and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers’’; 
Whereas, in 1993, the United Nations Gen-
eral Assembly proclaimed May 3 of each year as ‘‘World Press Freedom Day’’ to celebrate the fundamental principles of freedom of the press, to evaluate freedom of the press around the world, to defend the media from attacks on its independence, and to pay trib-ute to journalists who have lost their lives in the exercise of their profession; 
Whereas, on December 18, 2013, the United 
Nations General Assembly adopted a resolu-tion (A/RES/68/163) on the safety of journal-ists and the issue of impunity, which un-equivocally condemns all attacks and vio-lence against journalists and media workers, including torture, extrajudicial killings, en-forced disappearances, arbitrary detention, and intimidation and harassment in both conflict and non-conflict situations; 
Whereas 2015 is the 22nd anniversary of 
World Press Freedom Day, which focuses on the theme ‘‘Let Journalism Thrive! Towards Better Reporting, Gender Equality, and Media Safety in the Digital Age’’; 
Whereas the 2015 World Press Freedom 
prize was awarded to Syrian journalist and human rights activist Mazen Darwish, who remains imprisoned by the Assad regime; 
Whereas the Daniel Pearl Freedom of the 
Press Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–166; 22 U.S.C. 2151 note), which was passed by unani-mous consent in the Senate and signed into law by President Barack Obama in 2010, ex-panded the examination of freedom of the press around the world in the annual human rights report of the Department of State; 
Whereas, according to Freedom House, 
only approximately 14 percent of the world’s inhabitants—or one in seven people—live in countries with a press ranked as ‘‘Free’’ by Freedom House; 
Whereas, according to Reporters Without 
Borders, 69 journalists and 19 citizen journal-ists were killed in 2014 in connection with their collection and dissemination of news and information; 
Whereas, according to the Committee to 
Protect Journalists, the 3 deadliest countries for journalists on assignment in 2014 were Syria, Ukraine, and Iraq; 
Whereas, according to the Committee to 
Protect Journalists, more than 40 percent of the journalists killed in 2014 were targeted for murder and 31 percent of journalists mur-dered reported receiving threats first; 
Whereas, according to the Committee to 
Protect Journalists, 650 journalists have been killed between 1992 and April 2015 with-
out the perpetrators of such crimes facing punishment; 
Whereas, according to the Committee to 
Protect Journalists, the 5 countries with the highest number of journalist murders that go unpunished, measured from 2004 to 2014, are Iraq, Somalia, the Philippines, Sri Lanka, and Syria; 
Whereas, according to Reporters Without 
Borders, 853 journalists and 122 citizen jour-nalists were arrested in 2014; 
Whereas, according to the Committee to 
Protect Journalists, 221 journalists world-wide were in prison as of December 1, 2014; 
Whereas, according to Reporters Without 
Borders, the 5 countries with the highest number of journalists in prison as of Decem-ber 8, 2014 were China, Eritrea, Iran, Egypt, and Syria; 
Whereas, according to Reporters Without 
Borders’ 2015 World Press Freedom Index, Eritrea, North Korea, Turkmenistan, Syria, and China ranked lowest according to a range of criteria that include ‘‘media plu-ralism and independence, respect for the safety and freedom of journalists, and the legislative, institutional and infrastructural environment in which the media operate’’; 
Whereas, according to the Committee to 
Protect Journalists, in 2014 Syria was the world’s deadliest country for journalists for the third year in a row; 
Whereas, according to the International 
Federation of Journalists, more than 40 jour-nalists and media staff have been killed since January 2015; 
Whereas, according to Reporters Without 
Borders, the Government of the Russian Fed-eration continued to intensify its pressure on the media to bring independent news out-lets under control or be throttled out of ex-istence; 
Whereas Freedom House has cited a dete-
riorating environment for internet freedom around the world and ranked Iran, Syria, China, Cuba, and Ethiopia as ‘‘Not Free’’ and having the worst obstacles to access, limits on content, and violations of user rights among the 65 countries and territories rated by Freedom House in 2014; 
Whereas freedom of the press is absolutely 
essential to the creation and maintenance of 
free and open societies and a key component of democratic governance, the activism of civil society, and socioeconomic develop-ment; and 
Whereas freedom of the press enhances 
public accountability, transparency, and par-ticipation: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) commemorates World Press Freedom 
Day by commending journalists like Mazen Darwish and others around the world for the vital role they play in supporting open and democratic societies, promoting government accountability, and strengthening civil soci-ety; 
(2) expresses concern about the threats to 
freedom of the press and expression around the world, and pays tribute to journalists who have lost their lives carrying out their work; 
(3) pays tribute to the journalists who have 
lost their lives carrying out their work; 
(4) calls on governments abroad to imple-
ment United Nations General Assembly Res-olution (A/RES/68/163), by thoroughly inves-tigating and seeking to resolve outstanding cases of violence against journalists, includ-ing murders and kidnappings, while ensuring the protection of witnesses; 
(5) condemns all actions around the world 
that suppress freedom of the press, includ-ing: the brutal murders of journalists by the terrorist group ISIS, violent attacks against media outlets like the French satirical mag-azine Charlie Hebdo, and kidnappings of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:23 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.012 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4348 June 22, 2015 
journalists and media workers in eastern 
Ukraine by pro-Russian militant groups; 
(6) reaffirms the centrality of freedom of 
the press to efforts by the United States Government to support democracy, mitigate conflict, and promote good governance do-mestically and around the world; and 
(7) calls on the President and the Secretary 
of State— 
(A) to improve the means by which the 
United States Government rapidly identifies, publicizes, and responds to threats against freedom of the press around the world; 
(B) to urge foreign governments to trans-
parently investigate and bring to justice the perpetrators of attacks against journalists; and 
(C) to highlight the issue of threats against 
freedom of the press year-round. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 18—RECOGNIZING THE DAISY AS THE FLOWER FOR MILITARY CAREGIVERS 
Mr. BURR (for himself, Mrs. M
URRAY , 
and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ) submitted the 
following concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs: 
S. C ON. RES. 18 
Whereas military caregivers are nameless, 
courageous, giving individuals whose deter-mination and sacrifices are rarely acknowl-edged and little-known outside of the mili-tary community; 
Whereas a military caregiver provides 
medical care to a member of the uniformed services or veteran who suffers from a phys-ical, mental, or emotional wound or injury; 
Whereas a military caregiver is a father, 
mother, spouse, sibling, family member, or loved one of an injured member of the uni-formed services or veteran; 
Whereas since the first armed conflict of 
the United States, injured veterans have been cared for by family members and loved ones after returning home from combat; 
Whereas since the Revolutionary War, 
military caregivers in the United States have tended to injured veterans as the vet-erans have recovered from seen and unseen wounds from combat operations; 
Whereas military caregivers have shown 
time and time again, regardless of the con-flict, that caring for those who return home is a part of the character of the United States; 
Whereas many of the members of the uni-
formed services and veterans who served in Operation Enduring Freedom or Operation Iraqi Freedom— 
(1) suffered wounds or injuries; and (2) require assistance from a caregiver to 
complete either activities of daily living such as bathing, dressing, and feeding, or in-
strumental activities such as transportation, meal preparation, and health management; 
Whereas, according to a study of military 
caregivers conducted by the RAND Corpora-tion, as many as 1,000,000 spouses, parents, and children of veterans have served or are currently serving as caregivers to veterans who served in Operation Enduring Freedom or Operation Iraqi Freedom; 
Whereas section 1672 of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 1071 note; 122 Stat. 481) introduced an expansion of medical care available to family caregivers; 
Whereas the Caregivers and Veterans Om-
nibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111-163; 124 Stat. 1130) facilitated a new program for access to health insurance, men-tal health services, caregiver training, and respite care by family caregivers of veterans who served in Operation Enduring Freedom 
or Operation Iraqi Freedom; 
Whereas the love and loyalty of military 
caregivers— 
(1) endures through the hardships of ex-
tended hospital stays, multiple surgeries, and lifetimes of care; and 
(2) helps create a fresh start that is hopeful 
even during difficult times; 
Whereas the daisy is a flower that symbol-
izes both— 
(1) loyalty to love; and (2) new beginnings; and Whereas there is no more appropriate rep-
resentation of the devotion and determina-tion to overcome obstacles shown every day by military caregivers than the daisy: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That Congress— 
(1) honors military caregivers for service 
and sacrifice to the United States; 
(2) encourages the people of the United 
States— 
(A) to show support to military families; 
and 
(B) to recognize the sacrifices endured by 
those families in service to the United States; and 
(3) recognizes the daisy as the flower for 
military caregivers. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2070. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2065 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for himself and Mr. H ATCH ) to the bill 
H.R. 1295, to extend the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2071. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2146, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2072. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Ms. 
AYOTTE ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2146, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2073. Mr. BROWN (for himself and Ms. 
W
ARREN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2146, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2074. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2146, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2075. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and 
Ms. S
TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2146, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2076. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ) proposed an amendment to the 
bill H.R. 91, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to issue, upon request, veteran identi-fication cards to certain veterans. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2070. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2065 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. 
HATCH ) to the bill H.R. 1295, to extend 
the African Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Pref-
erences, the preferential duty treat-ment program for Haiti, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title VII, add the following: 
SEC. 7 lll . REPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE INSPEC-
TION AND GRADING PROGRAM. 
(a) F OOD, CONSERVATION , AND ENERGY ACT 
OF2008.—Effective June 18, 2008, section 11016 
of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2130) is re-pealed. 
(b) A
GRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014.—Effective 
February 7, 2014, section 12106 of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 981) is repealed. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—The Federal Meat In-
spection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) and the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) shall be applied and adminis-tered as if the provisions of law struck by this section had not been enacted. 
SA 2071. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2146, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE INSPEC-
TION AND GRADING PROGRAM. 
(a) F OOD, CONSERVATION , AND ENERGY ACT 
OF2008.—Effective June 18, 2008, section 11016 
of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2130) is re-pealed. 
(b) A
GRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014.—Effective 
February 7, 2014, section 12106 of the Agricul-tural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79; 128 Stat. 981) is repealed. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—The Federal Meat In-
spection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) and the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) shall be applied and adminis-tered as if the provisions of law struck by this section had not been enacted. 
SA 2072. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and 
Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2146, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make pen-alty-free withdrawals from govern-mental plans after age 50, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . REPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Effective on the date of 
enactment of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8701 et seq.), sec-tion 11016 of that Act (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2130) and the amendments made by that section are repealed. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—The Agricultural Mar-
keting Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621 et seq.) and the Federal Meat Inspection Act (21 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) shall be applied and administered as if section 11016 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246; 122 Stat. 2130) and the amendments made by that section had not been enacted. 
SA 2073. Mr. BROWN (for himself and 
Ms. W ARREN ) submitted an amendment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.015 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4349 June 22, 2015 
intended to be proposed by him to the 
bill H.R. 2146, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make pen-alty-free withdrawals from govern-mental plans after age 50, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE II—TRADE ADJUSTMENT 
ASSISTANCE 
Subtitle A—Application of Provisions 
Relating to Trade Adjustment Assistance 
SEC. 201. APPLICATION OF PROVISIONS RELAT-
ING TO TRADE ADJUSTMENT ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SNAPBACK .—Section 233 of 
the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–40; 125 Stat. 416) is repealed. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-
SIONS .—Except as otherwise provided in this 
title, the provisions of chapters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in ef-fect on December 31, 2013, and as amended by this title, shall— 
(1) take effect on the date of the enactment 
of this Act; and 
(2) apply to petitions for certification filed 
under chapter 2, 3, or 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after such date of enact-ment. 
(c) R
EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this title, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a provision of chapters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, the reference shall be considered to be made to a provision of any such chap-ter, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
Subtitle B—Extension of Trade Adjustment 
Assistance Program 
SEC. 211. EXTENSION OF TERMINATION PROVI-
SIONS. 
Section 285 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2013’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 212. TRAINING FUNDS. 
Section 236(a)(2)(A) of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2296(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and 2013’’ and 
inserting ‘‘through 2020’’; and 
(2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘2013’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 213. REEMPLOYMENT TRADE ADJUSTMENT 
ASSISTANCE. 
Section 246(b)(1) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2318(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 214. AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
WORKERS .—Section 245(a) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2317(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
(b) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS.—Section 255(a) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2345(a)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$16,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$50,000,000’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and 2013’’ and inserting 
‘‘through 2020’’; 
(3) by striking ‘‘$4,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$6,250,000’’; and 
(4) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2013, and ending 
on December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2020, and ending on December 31, 2020’’. 
(c) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
COMMUNITIES .—Section 272(a) of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2372(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘$40,000,000’’ and all that follows through ‘‘December 31, 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘such sums as may be necessary for each of the fiscal years 2015 through 2020 and for the 
period beginning October 1, 2020, and ending December 31, 2020’’. 
(d) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FARMERS .—Section 298(a) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2401g(a)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and 2013’’ and inserting 
‘‘through 2020’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2013, and ending 
on December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2020, and ending on December 31, 2020’’. 
SEC. 215. EXTENSION OF TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE TO PUBLIC AGENCY WORKERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 247 of the Trade 
Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2319) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘Sub-ject to section 222(d)(5), the’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or 
service sector firm’’ and inserting ‘‘, service sector firm, or public agency’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(19) The term ‘public agency’ means a de-
partment or agency of a State or local gov-ernment or of the Federal Government, or a subdivision thereof.’’. 
(b) G
ROUP ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .— 
Section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2272) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), 
and (e) as subsections (d), (e), and (f), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) A
DVERSELY AFFECTED WORKERS IN  
PUBLIC AGENCIES .—A group of workers in a 
public agency shall be certified by the Sec-retary as eligible to apply for adjustment as-sistance under this chapter pursuant to a pe-tition filed under section 221 if the Secretary determines that— 
‘‘(1) a significant number or proportion of 
the workers in the public agency have be-come totally or partially separated, or are threatened to become totally or partially separated; 
‘‘(2) the public agency has acquired from a 
foreign country services like or directly competitive with services which are supplied by such agency; and 
‘‘(3) the acquisition of services described in 
paragraph (2) contributed importantly to such workers’ separation or threat of separa-tion.’’; 
(3) in subsection (d) (as redesignated), by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) R
EFERENCE TO FIRM .—For purposes of 
subsections (a) and (b), the term ‘firm’ does not include a public agency.’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (2) of subsection (e) (as re-
designated), by striking ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a), (b), or (c)’’. 
SEC. 216. LIMITATIONS ON TRADE READJUST-
MENT ALLOWANCES. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .—Section 233(a)(3) of the 
Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2293(a)(3)) is amended in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A) by striking ‘‘65 additional weeks in the 78-week period’’ and inserting ‘‘78 addi-tional weeks in the 91-week period’’. 
(b) P
AYMENT OF TRADE READJUSTMENT AL-
LOWANCES TOCOMPLETE TRAINING .—Section 
233(f) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2293(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘13’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘26’’. 
SEC. 217. JOB SEARCH AND RELOCATION ALLOW-
ANCES. 
(a) J OBSEARCH ALLOWANCES .—Section 237 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2297) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Each State’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘an adversely affected work-er’’ and inserting ‘‘An adversely affected worker’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘to file’’ and inserting 
‘‘may file’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘not more 
than 90 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘100 percent’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$1,250’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$1,500’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘a State 
may’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary shall’’. 
(b) R
ELOCATION ALLOWANCES .—Section 238 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2298) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Each State’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘an adversely affected work-er’’ and inserting ‘‘An adversely affected worker’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘to file’’ and inserting 
‘‘may file’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘not more 
than 90 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘100 percent’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$1,250’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$1,500’’. 
SEC. 218. REEMPLOYMENT TRADE ADJUSTMENT 
ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 246(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2318(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)(B)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and 
inserting ‘‘$55,000’’; and 
(B) in clause (iii)(I), by striking ‘‘and is not 
enrolled’’ and inserting ‘‘whether or not the worker is enrolled’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$12,000’’. 
Subtitle C—General Provisions 
SEC. 221. APPLICABILITY OF TRADE ADJUST-
MENT ASSISTANCE PROVISIONS. 
(a) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
WORKERS .— 
(1) P ETITIONS FILED ON OR AFTER JANUARY 1 , 
2014, AND BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) C ERTIFICATIONS OF WORKERS NOT CER -
TIFIED BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(i) C RITERIA IF A DETERMINATION HAS NOT  
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor has not made a determination with respect to whether to certify a group of workers as eli-gible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in clause (iii), the Secretary shall make that deter-mination based on the requirements of sec-tion 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(ii) R
ECONSIDERATION OF DENIALS OF CER -
TIFICATIONS .—If, before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary made a de-termination not to certify a group of work-ers as eligible to apply for adjustment assist-ance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in clause (iii), the Secretary shall— 
(I) reconsider that determination; and (II) if the group of workers meets the re-
quirements of section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, certify the group of workers as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance. 
(iii) P
ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition de-
scribed in this clause is a petition for a cer-tification of eligibility for a group of work-ers filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR BENEFITS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a worker certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under sec-tion 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be eligible, on and after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.020 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4350 June 22, 2015 
this Act, to receive benefits only under the 
provisions of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enact-ment. 
(ii) C
OMPUTATION OF MAXIMUM BENEFITS .— 
Benefits received by a worker described in clause (i) under chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 before the date of the en-actment of this Act shall be included in any determination of the maximum benefits for which the worker is eligible under the provi-sions of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(2) P
ETITIONS FILED BEFORE JANUARY 1 , 
2014.—A worker certified as eligible to apply 
for adjustment assistance pursuant to a peti-tion filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or before December 31, 2013, shall continue to be eligible to apply for and re-ceive benefits under the provisions of chap-ter 2 of title II of such Act, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
(3) Q
UALIFYING SEPARATIONS WITH RESPECT  
TO PETITIONS FILED WITHIN 90 DAYS OF DATE OF  
ENACTMENT .—Section 223(b) of the Trade Act 
of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, shall be applied and admin-istered by substituting ‘‘before January 1, 2014’’ for ‘‘more than one year before the date of the petition on which such certifi-cation was granted’’ for purposes of deter-mining whether a worker is eligible to apply for adjustment assistance pursuant to a peti-tion filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and on or before the date that is 90 days after such date of enactment. 
(b) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS.— 
(1) C ERTIFICATION OF FIRMS NOT CERTIFIED  
BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) C RITERIA IF A DETERMINATION HAS NOT  
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce has not made a determination with respect to whether to certify a firm as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under sec-tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall make that determination based on the requirements of section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such 
date of enactment. 
(B) R
ECONSIDERATION OF DENIAL OF CERTAIN  
PETITIONS .—If, before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary made a de-termination not to certify a firm as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under sec-tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall— 
(i) reconsider that determination; and (ii) if the firm meets the requirements of 
section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in ef-fect on such date of enactment, certify the firm as eligible to apply for adjustment as-sistance. 
(C) P
ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition de-
scribed in this subparagraph is a petition for a certification of eligibility filed by a firm or its representative under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION OF FIRMS THAT DID NOT  
SUBMIT PETITIONS BETWEEN JANUARY 1 , 2014, 
AND DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Com-
merce shall certify a firm described in sub-paragraph (B) as eligible to apply for adjust-ment assistance under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, if the firm or its representative files a petition for a certifi-cation of eligibility under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 not later than 90 days after such date of enactment. (B) F
IRM DESCRIBED .—A firm described in 
this subparagraph is a firm that the Sec-retary determines would have been certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assist-ance if— 
(i) the firm or its representative had filed 
a petition for a certification of eligibility under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on a date during the period beginning on Janu-ary 1, 2014, and ending on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(ii) the provisions of chapter 3 of title II of 
the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, had been in effect on that date during the period described in clause (i). 
SEC. 222. SUNSET PROVISIONS. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF PRIOR LAW.—Subject to 
subsection (b), beginning on January 1, 2021, the provisions of chapters 2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 et seq.), as in effect on January 1, 2014, shall be in effect and apply, except that in apply-ing and administering such chapters— 
(1) paragraph (1) of section 231(c) of that 
Act shall be applied and administered as if subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of that para-graph were not in effect; 
(2) section 233 of that Act shall be applied 
and administered— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by substituting ‘‘104- 
week period’’ for ‘‘104-week period’’ and all that follows through ‘‘130-week period)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by substituting ‘‘65’’ for ‘‘52’’; and 
(II) by substituting ‘‘78-week period’’ for 
‘‘52-week period’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) by applying and administering sub-
section (g) as if it read as follows: 
‘‘(g) P
AYMENT OF TRADE READJUSTMENT AL-
LOWANCES TOCOMPLETE TRAINING .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this section, in order to assist an adversely affected work-er to complete training approved for the worker under section 236 that leads to the completion of a degree or industry-recog-nized credential, payments may be made as trade readjustment allowances for not more than 13 weeks within such period of eligi-bility as the Secretary may prescribe to ac-count for a break in training or for justifi-able cause that follows the last week for which the worker is otherwise entitled to a trade readjustment allowance under this chapter if— 
‘‘(1) payment of the trade readjustment al-
lowance for not more than 13 weeks is nec-essary for the worker to complete the train-ing; 
‘‘(2) the worker participates in training in 
each such week; and 
‘‘(3) the worker— ‘‘(A) has substantially met the perform-
ance benchmarks established as part of the training approved for the worker; 
‘‘(B) is expected to continue to make 
progress toward the completion of the train-ing; and 
‘‘(C) will complete the training during that 
period of eligibility.’’; 
(3) section 234 shall be applied and adminis-
tered as in effect on December 31, 2013; 
(4) section 245(a) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘2021’’ for ‘‘2007’’; 
(5) section 246(b)(1) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2021’’ for ‘‘the date that is 5 years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘State’’; 
(6) section 256(b) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1-year period beginning on January 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of fiscal years 2003 through 2007, and $4,000,000 for the 3-month period begin-ning on October 1, 2007’’; 
(7) section 298(a) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1-year period beginning on January 1, 2021’’ 
for ‘‘each of the fiscal years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘October 1, 2007’’; and 
(8) section 285 of that Act shall be applied 
and administered— 
(A) in subsection (a), by substituting 
‘‘2021’’ for ‘‘2007’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) by applying and administering sub-
section (b) as if it read as follows: 
‘‘(b) O
THER ASSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(1) A SSISTANCE FOR FIRMS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), assistance may not be pro-vided under chapter 3 after December 31, 2021. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), any assistance approved under chapter 3 pursuant to a petition filed under section 251 on or before December 31, 2021, may be provided— 
‘‘(i) to the extent funds are available pur-
suant to such chapter for such purpose; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the as-
sistance is otherwise eligible to receive such assistance. 
‘‘(2) F
ARMERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), assistance may not be pro-vided under chapter 6 after December 31, 2021. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), any assistance approved under chapter 6 on or before December 31, 2021, may be provided— 
‘‘(i) to the extent funds are available pur-
suant to such chapter for such purpose; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the as-
sistance is otherwise eligible to receive such assistance.’’. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of chap-
ters 2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, shall continue to apply on and after January 1, 2021, with respect to— 
(1) workers certified as eligible for trade 
adjustment assistance benefits under chapter 2 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 221 of that Act before January 1, 2021; 
(2) firms certified as eligible for technical 
assistance or grants under chapter 3 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 251 of that Act before January 1, 2021; and 
(3) agricultural commodity producers cer-
tified as eligible for technical or financial as-sistance under chapter 6 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 292 of that Act before January 1, 2021. 
Subtitle D—Health Coverage Tax Credit 
SEC. 231. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
HEALTH COVERAGE TAX CREDIT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subparagraph (B) of sec-
tion 35(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘before January 1, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘before January 1, 2021’’. 
(b) I
NCREASE .—Subsection (a) of section 35 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘72.5 percent’’ and in-serting ‘‘80 percent’’. 
(c) C
OORDINATION WITHPPACA C REDIT FOR  
COVERAGE UNDER A QUALIFIED HEALTH  
PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
35 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘In the case of an indi-vidual,’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of an in-dividual who elects the application of this section for the taxable year,’’. 
(2) C
OORDINATION RULE .—Subsection (g) of 
section 35 of such Code is amended by redes-ignating paragraph (11) as paragraph (12) and by inserting after paragraph (10) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(11) C
OORDINATION WITH PREMIUM TAX  
CREDIT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.020 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4351 June 22, 2015 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer 
who elects the application of this section for any taxable year, no credit shall be allowed under section 36B with respect to such tax-payer for such taxable year. 
‘‘(B) E
LECTION .—Any election for this sec-
tion to apply for a taxable year, once made, shall be irrevocable.’’. 
(3) A
DVANCE PAYMENT .—Section 7527 of 
such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION WITHADVANCE PAYMENT  
OFPREMIUM TAXCREDIT .—No payment shall 
be made under this section on behalf of any individual with respect to whom any advance payment is made under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act for the taxable year.’’. 
(4) P
ROCEDURES .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury shall issue such procedures and guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to coordinate, and facilitate taxpayer choices between, advance payments under section 7527 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and section 1412 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
(d) H
EALTH PLANS OFFERED THROUGH EX-
CHANGE TREATED AS QUALIFIED HEALTH IN-
SURANCE .—Paragraph (1) of section 35(e) of 
such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(L) Coverage under a qualified health 
plan which was enrolled in through an Ex-change established under title I of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act.’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall apply to coverage months beginning after December 31, 2013. 
(2) A
DVANCE PAYMENT PROVISIONS .—The 
amendment made by subsection (c)(3) shall apply to certificates issued after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 232. TAA PRE-CERTIFICATION RULE FOR 
PURPOSES OF DETERMINING WHETHER THERE IS A 63-DAY LAPSE IN CREDITABLE COVERAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following provisions 
are each amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2021’’: 
(1) Section 9801(c)(2)(D). (2) Section 701(c)(2)(C) of the Employee Re-
tirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
(3) Section 2701(c)(2)(C) of the Public 
Health Service Act (as in effect for plan years beginning before January 1, 2014). 
(4) Section 2704(c)(2)(C) of the Public 
Health Service Act (as in effect for plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2014). 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall apply to plan years begin-ning after December 31, 2013. 
(2) T
RANSITIONAL RULES .— 
(A) B ENEFIT DETERMINATIONS .—Notwith-
standing the amendments made by this sec-tion (and the provisions of law amended thereby), a plan shall not be required to modify benefit determinations for the period beginning on January 1, 2014, and ending 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, but a plan shall not fail to be qualified health insurance within the meaning of sec-tion 35(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 during this period merely due to such failure to modify benefit determinations. 
(B) G
UIDANCE CONCERNING PERIODS BEFORE  
30 DAYS AFTER ENACTMENT .—Except as pro-
vided in subparagraph (A), the Secretary of the Treasury (or his designee), in consulta-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary of Labor, may issue regulations or other guidance re-garding the scope of the application of the amendments made by this section to periods before the date which is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(C) S
PECIAL RULE RELATING TO CERTAIN  
LOSS OF COVERAGE .—In the case of a TAA-re-lated loss of coverage (as defined in section 
4980B(f)(5)(C)(iv) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) that occurs during the period beginning on January 1, 2014, and ending 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the 7-day period described in section 9801(c)(2)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, section 701(c)(2)(C) of the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974, and section 2701(c)(2)(C) of the Public Health Service Act shall be extended until 30 days after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 233. EXTENSION OF COBRA BENEFITS FOR 
CERTAIN TAA-ELIGIBLE INDIVID-UALS AND PBGC RECIPIENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following provisions 
are each amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2021’’: 
(1) Section 4980B(f)(2)(B)(i)(V). (2) Section 4980B(f)(2)(B)(i)(VI). (3) Section 602(2)(A)(v) of the Employee Re-
tirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
(4) Section 602(2)(A)(vi) of such Act. (5) Section 2202(2)(A)(iv) of the Public 
Health Service Act. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to periods of coverage which would (without regard to the amendments made by this section) end on or after the date which is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle E—Offsets 
SEC. 241. ADDITIONAL CUSTOMS USER FEES EX-
TENSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2025’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(D) Fees may be charged under para-
graphs (9) and (10) of subsection (a) during the period beginning on July 29, 2025, and ending on September 30, 2025.’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States– 
Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) F
URTHER ADDITIONAL PERIOD .—For the 
period beginning on July 15, 2025, and ending on September 30, 2025, section 13031(a)(9) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(9)) shall be applied and administered— 
‘‘(1) in subparagraph (A), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’; and 
‘‘(2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’.’’. 
SEC. 242. TIME FOR PAYMENT OF CORPORATE ES-
TIMATED TAXES. 
Notwithstanding section 6655 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corporation with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the preceding taxable year)— 
(1) the amount of any required installment 
of corporate estimated tax which is other-wise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 8 percent of such amount (determined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
(2) the amount of the next required install-
ment after an installment referred to in paragraph (1) shall be appropriately reduced to reflect the amount of the increase by rea-son of such paragraph. 
SEC. 243. PAYEE STATEMENT REQUIRED TO 
CLAIM CERTAIN EDUCATION TAX BENEFITS. 
(a) A MERICAN OPPORTUNITY CREDIT , HOPE 
SCHOLARSHIP CREDIT , ANDLIFETIME LEARNING  
CREDIT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 25A(g) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-
graph: 
‘‘(8) P AYEE STATEMENT REQUIREMENT .—Ex-
cept as otherwise provided by the Secretary, no credit shall be allowed under this section unless the taxpayer receives a statement fur-nished under section 6050S(d) which contains all of the information required by paragraph (2) thereof.’’. 
(2) S
TATEMENT RECEIVED BY DEPENDENT .— 
Section 25A(g)(3) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (B) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) a statement described in paragraph (8) 
and received by such individual shall be treated as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
(b) D
EDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED TUITION AND  
RELATED EXPENSES .—Section 222(d) of such 
Code is amended by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7), and by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) P
AYEE STATEMENT REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided by the Secretary, no deduction shall be allowed under subsection (a) unless the tax-payer receives a statement furnished under section 6050S(d) which contains all of the in-formation required by paragraph (2) thereof. 
‘‘(B) S
TATEMENT RECEIVED BY DEPENDENT .— 
The receipt of the statement referred to in subparagraph (A) by an individual described in subsection (c)(3) shall be treated for pur-poses of subparagraph (A) as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
(c) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TOBEPROVIDED  
ONPAYEE STATEMENT .—Section 6050S(d)(2) of 
such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) the information required by subsection 
(b)(2).’’. 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 244. SPECIAL RULE FOR EDUCATIONAL IN-
STITUTIONS UNABLE TO COLLECT TINS OF INDIVIDUALS WITH RE-SPECT TO HIGHER EDUCATION TUI-TION AND RELATED EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6724 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETURNS OF EDU-
CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS RELATED TO HIGHER  
EDUCATION TUITION AND RELATED EX-
PENSES .—No penalty shall be imposed under 
section 6721 or 6722 solely by reason of failing to provide the TIN of an individual on a re-turn or statement required by section 6050S(a)(1) if the eligible educational institu-tion required to make such return contem-poraneously makes a true and accurate cer-tification under penalty of perjury (and in such form and manner as may be prescribed by the Secretary) that it has complied with standards promulgated by the Secretary for obtaining such individual’s TIN.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to returns required to be made, and statements re-quired to be furnished, after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 245. PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FILE COR-
RECT INFORMATION RETURNS AND PROVIDE PAYEE STATEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6721(a)(1) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’; 
and 
(2) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(b) R EDUCTION WHERE CORRECTION IN SPECI-
FIED PERIOD .— 
(1) C ORRECTION WITHIN 30 DAYS .—Section 
6721(b)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$30’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’; (B) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’; 
and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.020 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4352 June 22, 2015 
(C) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’. 
(2) F AILURES CORRECTED ON OR BEFORE AU -
GUST 1 .—Section 6721(b)(2) of such Code is 
amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$60’’ and inserting ‘‘$100’’; (B) by striking ‘‘$100’’ (prior to amendment 
by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$250’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(c) L
OWER LIMITATION FOR PERSONS WITH 
GROSS RECEIPTS OF NOT MORE THAN 
$5,000,000.—Section 6721(d)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,000,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘$75,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$175,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘$200,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ (prior to amend-
ment by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(d) P
ENALTY IN CASE OF INTENTIONAL DIS-
REGARD .—Section 6721(e) of such Code is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$250’’ in paragraph (2) and 
inserting ‘‘$500’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ in paragraph 
(3)(A) and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(e) F AILURE TOFURNISH CORRECT PAYEE  
STATEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6722(a)(1) of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(2) R EDUCTION WHERE CORRECTION IN SPECI -
FIED PERIOD .— 
(A) C ORRECTION WITHIN 30 DAYS .—Section 
6722(b)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘$30’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’; 
and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’. 
(B) F
AILURES CORRECTED ON OR BEFORE AU -
GUST 1 .—Section 6722(b)(2) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘$60’’ and inserting ‘‘$100’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘$100’’ (prior to amendment 
by clause (i)) and inserting ‘‘$250’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(3) L
OWER LIMITATION FOR PERSONS WITH  
GROSS RECEIPTS OF NOT MORE THAN $5 ,000,000.— 
Section 6722(d)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,000,000’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$75,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$175,000’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘$200,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ (prior to amend-
ment by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(4) P
ENALTY IN CASE OF INTENTIONAL DIS -
REGARD .—Section 6722(e) of such Code is 
amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$250’’ in paragraph (2) and 
inserting ‘‘$500’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ in paragraph 
(3)(A) and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(f) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to returns and statements required to be filed after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 246. CHILD TAX CREDIT NOT REFUNDABLE 
FOR TAXPAYERS ELECTING TO EX-CLUDE FOREIGN EARNED INCOME FROM TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24(d) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXPAYERS EXCLUDING  
FOREIGN EARNED INCOME .—Paragraph (1) shall 
not apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer elects to exclude any amount from gross income under section 911 for such taxable year.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 247. COVERAGE AND PAYMENT FOR RENAL 
DIALYSIS SERVICES FOR INDIVID-UALS WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY. 
(a) C OVERAGE .—Section 1861(s)(2)(F) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(s)(2)(F)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, including such renal dialy-sis services furnished on or after January 1, 2017, by a renal dialysis facility or provider of services paid under section 1881(b)(14) to an individual with acute kidney injury (as defined in section 1834(r)(2))’’. 
(b) P
AYMENT .—Section 1834 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(r) P
AYMENT FOR RENAL DIALYSIS SERV-
ICES FOR INDIVIDUALS WITHACUTE KIDNEY IN-
JURY .— 
‘‘(1) P AYMENT RATE .—In the case of renal 
dialysis services (as defined in subparagraph (B) of section 1881(b)(14)) furnished under this part by a renal dialysis facility or provider of services paid under such section during a year (beginning with 2017) to an individual with acute kidney injury (as defined in para-graph (2)), the amount of payment under this part for such services shall be the base rate for renal dialysis services determined for such year under such section, as adjusted by any applicable geographic adjustment factor applied under subparagraph (D)(iv)(II) of such section and may be adjusted by the Sec-retary (on a budget neutral basis for pay-ments under this paragraph) by any other adjustment factor under subparagraph (D) of such section. 
‘‘(2) I
NDIVIDUAL WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘indi-
vidual with acute kidney injury’ means an individual who has acute loss of renal func-tion and does not receive renal dialysis serv-ices for which payment is made under sec-tion 1881(b)(14).’’. 
SEC. 248. CLARIFICATION OF 6-YEAR STATUTE OF 
LIMITATIONS IN CASE OF OVER-STATEMENT OF BASIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (B) of Sec-
tion 6501(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(i), by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and by inserting after clause (i) the following new clause: 
‘‘(ii) An understatement of gross income by 
reason of an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis is an omission from gross income;’’; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(other than in the case of 
an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis)’’ in clause (iii) (as so redesig-nated) after ‘‘In determining the amount omitted from gross income’’; and 
(3) by inserting ‘‘AMOUNT OMITTED 
FROM’’ after ‘‘DETERMINATION OF’’ in the heading thereof. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall apply to— 
(1) returns filed after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act; and 
(2) returns filed on or before such date if 
the period specified in section 6501 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (determined without regard to such amendments for as-sessment of the taxes with respect to which such return relates has not expired as of such date. 
SA 2074. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2146, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, fire-fighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE II—EXTENSION OF TRADE 
ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Trade Ad-
justment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. APPLICATION OF PROVISIONS RELAT-
ING TO TRADE ADJUSTMENT ASSIST-ANCE. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SNAPBACK .—Section 233 of 
the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–40; 125 Stat. 416) is repealed. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI-
SIONS .—Except as otherwise provided in this 
title, the provisions of chapters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in ef-fect on December 31, 2013, and as amended by this title, shall— 
(1) take effect on the date of the enactment 
of this Act; and 
(2) apply to petitions for certification filed 
under chapter 2, 3, or 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after such date of enact-ment. 
(c) R
EFERENCES .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this title, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a provision of chapters 2 through 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, the reference shall be considered to be made to a provision of any such chap-ter, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
SEC. 203. EXTENSION OF TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION OF TERMINATION PROVI-
SIONS .—Section 285 of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(b) T
RAINING FUNDS .—Section 236(a)(2)(A) 
of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2296(a)(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall not exceed’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘shall not exceed $450,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2021.’’. 
(c) R
EEMPLOYMENT TRADE ADJUSTMENT AS-
SISTANCE .—Section 246(b)(1) of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2318(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(d) A
UTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
WORKERS .—Section 245(a) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2317(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2021’’. 
(2) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS .—Section 255(a) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2345(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2012 and 2013’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and insert-ing ‘‘fiscal years 2015 through 2021’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.020 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4353 June 22, 2015 
(3) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FARMERS .—Section 298(a) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2401g(a)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘fiscal years 2012 and 2013’’ and all that follows through ‘‘December 31, 2013’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal years 2015 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 204. PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT AND 
REPORTING. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—Section 
239(j) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2311(j)) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘D
ATAREPORTING ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ERFORM -
ANCE MEASURES ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘a quarterly’’ and inserting 
‘‘an annual’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting 
‘‘measures’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘core’’ 
and inserting ‘‘primary’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘that 
promote efficiency and effectiveness’’ after ‘‘assistance program’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘C
ORE INDICATORS DESCRIBED ’’ and inserting 
‘‘INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE ’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) P RIMARY INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE  
DESCRIBED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The primary indicators 
of performance referred to in paragraph (1)(A) shall consist of— 
‘‘(I) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who are in unsub-sidized employment during the second cal-endar quarter after exit from the program; 
‘‘(II) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program and who are in un-subsidized employment during the fourth calendar quarter after exit from the pro-gram; 
‘‘(III) the median earnings of workers de-
scribed in subclause (I); 
‘‘(IV) the percentage and number of work-
ers who received benefits under the trade ad-justment assistance program who, subject to clause (ii), obtain a recognized postsec-ondary credential or a secondary school di-
ploma or its recognized equivalent, during participation in the program or within one year after exit from the program; and 
‘‘(V) the percentage and number of workers 
who received benefits under the trade adjust-ment assistance program who, during a year while receiving such benefits, are in an edu-cation or training program that leads to a recognized postsecondary credential or em-ployment and who are achieving measurable gains in skills toward such a credential or employment. 
‘‘(ii) I
NDICATOR RELATING TO CREDENTIAL .— 
For purposes of clause (i)(IV), a worker who received benefits under the trade adjustment assistance program who obtained a sec-ondary school diploma or its recognized equivalent shall be included in the percent-age counted for purposes of that clause only if the worker, in addition to obtaining such a diploma or its recognized equivalent, has obtained or retained employment or is in an education or training program leading to a recognized postsecondary credential within one year after exit from the program.’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
DATA ’’ and inserting ‘‘ MEASURES ’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘quarterly’’ and inserting 
‘‘annual’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘data’’ and inserting 
‘‘measures’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) A CCESSIBILITY OF STATE PERFORMANCE  
REPORTS .—The Secretary shall, on an annual 
basis, make available (including by elec-tronic means), in an easily understandable format, the reports of cooperating States or cooperating State agencies required by para-graph (1) and the information contained in those reports.’’. 
(b) C
OLLECTION AND PUBLICATION OF  
DATA.—Section 249B of the Trade Act of 1974 
(19 U.S.C. 2323) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘en-
rolled in’’ and inserting ‘‘who received’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘complete’’ and inserting 
‘‘exited’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘who were enrolled in’’ and 
inserting ‘‘, including who received’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘com-
plete’’ and inserting ‘‘exited’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘com-
plete’’ and inserting ‘‘exit’’; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) The average cost per worker of receiv-
ing training approved under section 236. 
‘‘(H) The percentage of workers who re-
ceived training approved under section 236 and obtained unsubsidized employment in a field related to that training.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by strik-
ing ‘‘quarterly’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘annual’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) The median earnings of workers de-
scribed in section 239(j)(2)(A)(i)(III) during the second calendar quarter after exit from the program, expressed as a percentage of the median earnings of such workers before the calendar quarter in which such workers began receiving benefits under this chap-ter.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; and 
(ii) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) the reports required under section 
239(j);’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘a quar-
terly’’ and inserting ‘‘an annual’’. 
(c) R
ECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDEN -
TIAL DEFINED .—Section 247 of the Trade Act 
of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2319) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(19) The term ‘recognized postsecondary 
credential’ means a credential consisting of an industry-recognized certificate or certifi-cation, a certificate of completion of an ap-prenticeship, a license recognized by a State or the Federal Government, or an associate or baccalaureate degree.’’. 
SEC. 205. APPLICABILITY OF TRADE ADJUST-
MENT ASSISTANCE PROVISIONS. 
(a) T RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
WORKERS .— 
(1) P ETITIONS FILED ON OR AFTER JANUARY 1 , 
2014, AND BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) C ERTIFICATIONS OF WORKERS NOT CER -
TIFIED BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(i) C RITERIA IF A DETERMINATION HAS NOT  
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor has not made a determination with respect to whether to certify a group of workers as eli-gible to apply for adjustment assistance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in clause (iii), the Secretary shall make that deter-mination based on the requirements of sec-tion 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. (ii) R
ECONSIDERATION OF DENIALS OF CER -
TIFICATIONS .—If, before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary made a de-termination not to certify a group of work-ers as eligible to apply for adjustment assist-ance under section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in clause (iii), the Secretary shall— 
(I) reconsider that determination; and (II) if the group of workers meets the re-
quirements of section 222 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, certify the group of workers as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance. 
(iii) P
ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition de-
scribed in this clause is a petition for a cer-tification of eligibility for a group of work-ers filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR BENEFITS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), a worker certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under sec-tion 222 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be eligible, on and after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to receive benefits only under the provisions of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enact-ment. 
(ii) C
OMPUTATION OF MAXIMUM BENEFITS .— 
Benefits received by a worker described in clause (i) under chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 before the date of the en-actment of this Act shall be included in any determination of the maximum benefits for which the worker is eligible under the provi-sions of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
(2) P
ETITIONS FILED BEFORE JANUARY 1 , 
2014.—A worker certified as eligible to apply 
for adjustment assistance pursuant to a peti-tion filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or before December 31, 2013, shall continue to be eligible to apply for and re-ceive benefits under the provisions of chap-ter 2 of title II of such Act, as in effect on December 31, 2013. 
(3) Q
UALIFYING SEPARATIONS WITH RESPECT  
TO PETITIONS FILED WITHIN 90 DAYS OF DATE OF  
ENACTMENT .—Section 223(b) of the Trade Act 
of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, shall be applied and admin-istered by substituting ‘‘before January 1, 2014’’ for ‘‘more than one year before the date of the petition on which such certifi-cation was granted’’ for purposes of deter-mining whether a worker is eligible to apply for adjustment assistance pursuant to a peti-tion filed under section 221 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and on or before the date that is 90 days after such date of enactment. 
(b) T
RADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE FOR  
FIRMS.— 
(1) C ERTIFICATION OF FIRMS NOT CERTIFIED  
BEFORE DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) C RITERIA IF A DETERMINATION HAS NOT  
BEEN MADE .—If, as of the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce has not made a determination with respect to whether to certify a firm as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under sec-tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to a petition described in subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall make that determination based on the requirements of section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment. 
(B) R
ECONSIDERATION OF DENIAL OF CERTAIN  
PETITIONS .—If, before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Secretary made a de-termination not to certify a firm as eligible to apply for adjustment assistance under sec-tion 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 pursuant to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.021 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4354 June 22, 2015 
a petition described in subparagraph (C), the 
Secretary shall— 
(i) reconsider that determination; and (ii) if the firm meets the requirements of 
section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in ef-fect on such date of enactment, certify the firm as eligible to apply for adjustment as-sistance. 
(C) P
ETITION DESCRIBED .—A petition de-
scribed in this subparagraph is a petition for a certification of eligibility filed by a firm or its representative under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on or after January 1, 2014, and before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION OF FIRMS THAT DID NOT  
SUBMIT PETITIONS BETWEEN JANUARY 1 , 2014, 
AND DATE OF ENACTMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Com-
merce shall certify a firm described in sub-paragraph (B) as eligible to apply for adjust-ment assistance under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, if the firm or its representative files a petition for a certifi-cation of eligibility under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 not later than 90 days after such date of enactment. 
(B) F
IRM DESCRIBED .—A firm described in 
this subparagraph is a firm that the Sec-retary determines would have been certified as eligible to apply for adjustment assist-ance if— 
(i) the firm or its representative had filed 
a petition for a certification of eligibility under section 251 of the Trade Act of 1974 on a date during the period beginning on Janu-ary 1, 2014, and ending on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(ii) the provisions of chapter 3 of title II of 
the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on such date of enactment, had been in effect on that date during the period described in clause (i). 
SEC. 206. SUNSET PROVISIONS. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF PRIOR LAW.—Subject to 
subsection (b), beginning on July 1, 2021, the provisions of chapters 2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2271 et seq.), as in effect on January 1, 2014, shall be in effect and apply, except that in applying and administering such chapters— 
(1) paragraph (1) of section 231(c) of that 
Act shall be applied and administered as if subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of that para-graph were not in effect; 
(2) section 233 of that Act shall be applied 
and administered— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by substituting ‘‘104- 
week period’’ for ‘‘104-week period’’ and all that follows through ‘‘130-week period)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by substituting ‘‘65’’ for ‘‘52’’; and 
(II) by substituting ‘‘78-week period’’ for 
‘‘52-week period’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) by applying and administering sub-
section (g) as if it read as follows: 
‘‘(g) P
AYMENT OF TRADE READJUSTMENT AL-
LOWANCES TOCOMPLETE TRAINING .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this section, in order to assist an adversely affected work-er to complete training approved for the worker under section 236 that leads to the completion of a degree or industry-recog-nized credential, payments may be made as trade readjustment allowances for not more than 13 weeks within such period of eligi-bility as the Secretary may prescribe to ac-count for a break in training or for justifi-able cause that follows the last week for which the worker is otherwise entitled to a trade readjustment allowance under this chapter if— 
‘‘(1) payment of the trade readjustment al-
lowance for not more than 13 weeks is nec-essary for the worker to complete the train-ing; ‘‘(2) the worker participates in training in 
each such week; and 
‘‘(3) the worker— ‘‘(A) has substantially met the perform-
ance benchmarks established as part of the training approved for the worker; 
‘‘(B) is expected to continue to make 
progress toward the completion of the train-ing; and 
‘‘(C) will complete the training during that 
period of eligibility.’’; 
(3) section 245(a) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘December 31, 2007’’; 
(4) section 246(b)(1) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘the date that is 5 years’’ and all that follows through ‘‘State’’; 
(5) section 256(b) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1-year period beginning on July 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of fiscal years 2003 through 2007, and $4,000,000 for the 3-month period beginning on October 1, 2007’’; 
(6) section 298(a) of that Act shall be ap-
plied and administered by substituting ‘‘the 1-year period beginning on July 1, 2021’’ for ‘‘each of the fiscal years’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘October 1, 2007’’; and 
(7) section 285 of that Act shall be applied 
and administered— 
(A) in subsection (a), by substituting 
‘‘June 30, 2022’’ for ‘‘December 31, 2007’’ each place it appears; and 
(B) by applying and administering sub-
section (b) as if it read as follows: 
‘‘(b) O
THER ASSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(1) A SSISTANCE FOR FIRMS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), assistance may not be pro-vided under chapter 3 after June 30, 2022. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), any assistance approved under chapter 3 pursuant to a petition filed under section 251 on or before June 30, 2022, may be provided— 
‘‘(i) to the extent funds are available pur-
suant to such chapter for such purpose; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the as-
sistance is otherwise eligible to receive such assistance. 
‘‘(2) F
ARMERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), assistance may not be pro-vided under chapter 6 after June 30, 2022. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), any assistance approved under chapter 6 on or before June 30, 2022, may be provided— 
‘‘(i) to the extent funds are available pur-
suant to such chapter for such purpose; and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent the recipient of the as-
sistance is otherwise eligible to receive such assistance.’’. 
(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of chap-
ters 2, 3, 5, and 6 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, shall continue to apply on and after July 1, 2021, with respect to— 
(1) workers certified as eligible for trade 
adjustment assistance benefits under chapter 2 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 221 of that Act before July 1, 2021; 
(2) firms certified as eligible for technical 
assistance or grants under chapter 3 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 251 of that Act before July 1, 2021; and 
(3) agricultural commodity producers cer-
tified as eligible for technical or financial as-sistance under chapter 6 of title II of that Act pursuant to petitions filed under section 292 of that Act before July 1, 2021. 
SEC. 207. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
HEALTH COVERAGE TAX CREDIT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subparagraph (B) of sec-
tion 35(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘before January 
1, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘before January 1, 2020’’. 
(b) C
OORDINATION WITHCREDIT FOR COV-
ERAGE UNDER A QUALIFIED HEALTH PLAN.— 
Subsection (g) of section 35 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (11) as para-
graph (13), and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (10) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(11) E
LECTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—This section shall not 
apply to any taxpayer for any eligible cov-erage month unless such taxpayer elects the application of this section for such month. 
‘‘(B) T
IMING AND APPLICABILITY OF ELEC -
TION.—Except as the Secretary may pro-
vide— 
‘‘(i) an election to have this section apply 
for any eligible coverage month in a taxable year shall be made not later than the due date (including extensions) for the return of tax for the taxable year, and 
‘‘(ii) any election for this section to apply 
for an eligible coverage month shall apply for all subsequent eligible coverage months in the taxable year and, once made, shall be irrevocable with respect to such months. 
‘‘(12) C
OORDINATION WITH PREMIUM TAX  
CREDIT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An eligible coverage 
month to which the election under para-graph (11) applies shall not be treated as a coverage month (as defined in section 36B(c)(2)) for purposes of section 36B with re-spect to the taxpayer. 
‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION WITH ADVANCE PAY -
MENTS OF PREMIUM TAX CREDIT .—In the case 
of a taxpayer who makes the election under paragraph (11) with respect to any eligible coverage month in a taxable year or on be-half of whom any advance payment is made under section 7527 with respect to any month in such taxable year— 
‘‘(i) the tax imposed by this chapter for the 
taxable year shall be increased by the excess, if any, of— 
‘‘(I) the sum of any advance payments 
made on behalf of the taxpayer under section 1412 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and section 7527 for months during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(II) the sum of the credits allowed under 
this section (determined without regard to paragraph (1)) and section 36B (determined without regard to subsection (f)(1) thereof) for such taxable year, and 
‘‘(ii) section 36B(f)(2) shall not apply with 
respect to such taxpayer for such taxable year, except that if such taxpayer received any advance payments under section 7527 for any month in such taxable year and is later allowed a credit under section 36B for such taxable year, then section 36B(f)(2)(B) shall be applied by substituting the amount deter-mined under clause (i) for the amount deter-mined under section 36B(f)(2)(A).’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF ADVANCE PAYMENT PRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
7527 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘August 1, 2003’’ and in-serting ‘‘the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(1) of section 7527(e) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘occurring’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘occurring— 
‘‘(A) after the date that is 1 year after the 
date of the enactment of the Trade Adjust-ment Assistance Reauthorization Act of 2015, and 
‘‘(B) prior to the first month for which an 
advance payment is made on behalf of such individual under subsection (a).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.021 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4355 June 22, 2015 
(d) I NDIVIDUAL INSURANCE TREATED AS  
QUALIFIED HEALTH INSURANCE WITHOUT RE-
GARD TO ENROLLMENT DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (J) of sec-
tion 35(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘insurance if the eligible individual’’ and all that follows through ‘‘For purposes of’’ and inserting ‘‘in-surance. For purposes of’’. 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—Subparagraph (J) of sec-
tion 35(e)(1) of such Code, as amended by paragraph (1), is amended by striking ‘‘insur-ance.’’ and inserting ‘‘insurance (other than coverage enrolled in through an Exchange established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act).’’. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(m) of section 6501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘, 35(g)(11)’’ after ‘‘30D(e)(4)’’. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to coverage months in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2013. 
(2) P
LANS AVAILABLE ON INDIVIDUAL MARKET  
FOR USE OF TAX CREDIT .—The amendment 
made by subsection (d)(2) shall apply to cov-erage months in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
(3) T
RANSITION RULE .—Notwithstanding 
section 35(g)(11)(B)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this title), an elec-tion to apply section 35 of such Code to an el-igible coverage month (as defined in section 35(b) of such Code) (and not to claim the credit under section 36B of such Code with respect to such month) in a taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2013, and before the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(A) may be made at any time on or after 
such date of enactment and before the expi-ration of the 3-year period of limitation pre-scribed in section 6511(a) with respect to such taxable year; and 
(B) may be made on an amended return. 
(g) A
GENCY OUTREACH .—As soon as possible 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of the Treasury, Health and Human Services, and Labor (or such Secre-taries’ delegates) and the Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (or the Director’s delegate) shall carry out pro-grams of public outreach, including on the Internet, to inform potential eligible individ-uals (as defined in section 35(c)(1) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986) of the extension of the credit under section 35 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the availability of the election to claim such credit retro-actively for coverage months beginning after December 31, 2013. 
TITLE III—IMPROVEMENTS TO ANTI-
DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING DUTY LAWS 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Trade Enforcement Effectiveness Act’’. 
SEC. 302. CONSEQUENCES OF FAILURE TO CO-
OPERATE WITH A REQUEST FOR IN-FORMATION IN A PROCEEDING. 
Section 776 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677e) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) 
through (4) as subparagraphs (A) through (D), respectively, and by moving such sub-paragraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(B) by striking ‘‘A
DVERSE INFERENCES .—If’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘A DVERSE IN-
FERENCES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘under this title, may use’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘under this title— ‘‘(A) may use’’; and 
(D) by striking ‘‘facts otherwise available. 
Such adverse inference may include’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘facts otherwise avail-able; and 
‘‘(B) is not required to determine, or make 
any adjustments to, a countervailable sub-sidy rate or weighted average dumping mar-gin based on any assumptions about informa-tion the interested party would have pro-vided if the interested party had complied with the request for information. 
‘‘(2) P
OTENTIAL SOURCES OF INFORMATION  
FOR ADVERSE INFERENCES .—An adverse infer-
ence under paragraph (1)(A) may include’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘C
ORROBORATION OF SEC-
ONDARY INFORMATION .—When the’’ and in-
serting the following: ‘‘C ORROBORATION OF  
SECONDARY INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), when the’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The administrative au-
thority and the Commission shall not be re-quired to corroborate any dumping margin or countervailing duty applied in a separate segment of the same proceeding.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
UBSIDY RATES AND DUMPING MARGINS  
INADVERSE INFERENCE DETERMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the administering au-
thority uses an inference that is adverse to the interests of a party under subsection (b)(1)(A) in selecting among the facts other-wise available, the administering authority may— 
‘‘(A) in the case of a countervailing duty 
proceeding— 
‘‘(i) use a countervailable subsidy rate ap-
plied for the same or similar program in a countervailing duty proceeding involving the same country, or 
‘‘(ii) if there is no same or similar pro-
gram, use a countervailable subsidy rate for a subsidy program from a proceeding that the administering authority considers rea-sonable to use, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of an antidumping duty 
proceeding, use any dumping margin from any segment of the proceeding under the ap-
plicable antidumping order. 
‘‘(2) D
ISCRETION TO APPLY HIGHEST RATE .— 
In carrying out paragraph (1), the admin-istering authority may apply any of the countervailable subsidy rates or dumping margins specified under that paragraph, in-cluding the highest such rate or margin, based on the evaluation by the administering authority of the situation that resulted in the administering authority using an ad-verse inference in selecting among the facts otherwise available. 
‘‘(3) N
O OBLIGATION TO MAKE CERTAIN ESTI -
MATES OR ADDRESS CERTAIN CLAIMS .—If the 
administering authority uses an adverse in-ference under subsection (b)(1)(A) in select-ing among the facts otherwise available, the administering authority is not required, for purposes of subsection (c) or for any other purpose— 
‘‘(A) to estimate what the countervailable 
subsidy rate or dumping margin would have been if the interested party found to have failed to cooperate under subsection (b)(1) had cooperated, or 
‘‘(B) to demonstrate that the 
countervailable subsidy rate or dumping margin used by the administering authority reflects an alleged commercial reality of the interested party.’’. 
SEC. 303. DEFINITION OF MATERIAL INJURY. 
(a) E FFECT OF PROFITABILITY OF DOMESTIC  
INDUSTRIES .—Section 771(7) of the Tariff Act 
of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(J) E
FFECT OF PROFITABILITY .—The Com-
mission may not determine that there is no material injury or threat of material injury 
to an industry in the United States merely because that industry is profitable or be-cause the performance of that industry has recently improved.’’. 
(b) E
VALUATION OF IMPACT ON DOMESTIC IN-
DUSTRY IN DETERMINATION OF MATERIAL IN-
JURY .—Subclause (I) of section 771(7)(C)(iii) 
of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(C)(iii)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(I) actual and potential decline in output, 
sales, market share, gross profits, operating profits, net profits, ability to service debt, productivity, return on investments, return on assets, and utilization of capacity,’’. 
(c) C
APTIVE PRODUCTION .—Section 
771(7)(C)(iv) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(C)(iv)) is amended— 
(1) in subclause (I), by striking the comma 
and inserting ‘‘, and’’; 
(2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘, and’’ 
and inserting a comma; and 
(3) by striking subclause (III). 
SEC. 304. PARTICULAR MARKET SITUATION. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ORDINARY COURSE OF  
TRADE .—Section 771(15) of the Tariff Act of 
1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677(15)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) Situations in which the administering 
authority determines that the particular market situation prevents a proper compari-son with the export price or constructed ex-port price.’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF NORMAL VALUE .—Section 
773(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(a)(1)(B)(ii)(III)) is amended by striking ‘‘in such other country.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF CONSTRUCTED VALUE .— 
Section 773(e) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(e)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘business’’ 
and inserting ‘‘trade’’; and 
(2) by striking the flush text at the end and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘For purposes of paragraph (1), if a par-
ticular market situation exists such that the cost of materials and fabrication or other processing of any kind does not accurately reflect the cost of production in the ordinary course of trade, the administering authority may use another calculation methodology under this subtitle or any other calculation methodology. For purposes of paragraph (1), the cost of materials shall be determined without regard to any internal tax in the ex-porting country imposed on such materials or their disposition that is remitted or re-funded upon exportation of the subject mer-chandise produced from such materials.’’. 
SEC. 305. DISTORTION OF PRICES OR COSTS. 
(a) I NVESTIGATION OF BELOW -COST SALES .— 
Section 773(b)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1677b(b)(2)) is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) R
EASONABLE GROUNDS TO BELIEVE OR  
SUSPECT .— 
‘‘(i) R EVIEW .—In a review conducted under 
section 751 involving a specific exporter, there are reasonable grounds to believe or suspect that sales of the foreign like product have been made at prices that are less than the cost of production of the product if the administering authority disregarded some or all of the exporter’s sales pursuant to para-graph (1) in the investigation or, if a review has been completed, in the most recently completed review. 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUESTS FOR INFORMATION .—In an in-
vestigation initiated under section 732 or a review conducted under section 751, the ad-ministering authority shall request informa-tion necessary to calculate the constructed value and cost of production under sub-sections (e) and (f) to determine whether there are reasonable grounds to believe or suspect that sales of the foreign like product 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.021 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4356 June 22, 2015 
have been made at prices that represent less 
than the cost of production of the product.’’. 
(b) P RICES AND COSTS IN NONMARKET ECONO -
MIES.—Section 773(c) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1677b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(5) D
ISCRETION TO DISREGARD CERTAIN  
PRICE OR COST VALUES .—In valuing the fac-
tors of production under paragraph (1) for the subject merchandise, the administering authority may disregard price or cost values without further investigation if the admin-istering authority has determined that broadly available export subsidies existed or particular instances of subsidization oc-curred with respect to those price or cost values or if those price or cost values were subject to an antidumping order.’’. 
SEC. 306. REDUCTION IN BURDEN ON DEPART-
MENT OF COMMERCE BY REDUCING THE NUMBER OF VOLUNTARY RE-SPONDENTS. 
Section 782(a) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 
U.S.C. 1677m(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and by moving such clauses, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so re-designated, 2 ems to the right; 
(3) by striking ‘‘I
NVESTIGATIONS AND RE-
VIEWS .—In’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘I N-
VESTIGATIONS AND REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In’’; 
(4) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (3), by amending subparagraph (B), as redesignated by paragraph (2), to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(B) the number of exporters or producers 
subject to the investigation or review is not so large that any additional individual ex-amination of such exporters or producers would be unduly burdensome to the admin-istering authority and inhibit the timely completion of the investigation or review.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF UNDULY BURDEN -
SOME .—In determining if an individual exam-
ination under paragraph (1)(B) would be un-duly burdensome, the administering author-ity may consider the following: 
‘‘(A) The complexity of the issues or infor-
mation presented in the proceeding, includ-ing questionnaires and any responses there-to. 
‘‘(B) Any prior experience of the admin-
istering authority in the same or similar proceeding. 
‘‘(C) The total number of investigations 
under subtitle A or B and reviews under sec-tion 751 being conducted by the admin-istering authority as of the date of the deter-mination. 
‘‘(D) Such other factors relating to the 
timely completion of each such investigation and review as the administering authority considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 307. APPLICATION TO CANADA AND MEXICO. 
Pursuant to article 1902 of the North Amer-
ican Free Trade Agreement and section 408 of the North American Free Trade Agree-ment Implementation Act (19 U.S.C. 3438), the amendments made by this title shall apply with respect to goods from Canada and Mexico. 
TITLE IV—OFFSETS 
SEC. 401. CUSTOMS USER FEES EXTENSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3)(A) of 
the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘July 7, 2025’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States– Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementa-
tion Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by striking ‘‘June 30, 2021’’ and in-serting ‘‘June 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 402. ADDITIONAL CUSTOMS USER FEES EX-
TENSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3) of the 
Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking 
‘‘September 30, 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2025’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Fees may be charged under para-
graphs (9) and (10) of subsection (a) during the period beginning on July 29, 2025, and ending on September 30, 2025.’’. 
(b) R
ATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  
FEES.—Section 503 of the United States– 
Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementa-tion Act (Public Law 112–41; 125 Stat. 460) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) F
URTHER ADDITIONAL PERIOD .—For the 
period beginning on July 15, 2025, and ending on September 30, 2025, section 13031(a)(9) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(9)) shall be applied and administered— 
‘‘(1) in subparagraph (A), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’; and 
‘‘(2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by substituting 
‘0.3464’ for ‘0.21’.’’. 
SEC. 403. TIME FOR PAYMENT OF CORPORATE ES-
TIMATED TAXES. 
Notwithstanding section 6655 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of a corporation with assets of not less than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of the end of the preceding taxable year)— 
(1) the amount of any required installment 
of corporate estimated tax which is other-wise due in July, August, or September of 2020 shall be increased by 8 percent of such amount (determined without regard to any increase in such amount not contained in such Code); and 
(2) the amount of the next required install-
ment after an installment referred to in paragraph (1) shall be appropriately reduced to reflect the amount of the increase by rea-son of such paragraph. 
SEC. 404. PAYEE STATEMENT REQUIRED TO 
CLAIM CERTAIN EDUCATION TAX BENEFITS. 
(a) A MERICAN OPPORTUNITY CREDIT , HOPE 
SCHOLARSHIP CREDIT , ANDLIFETIME LEARNING  
CREDIT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 25A(g) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(8) P
AYEE STATEMENT REQUIREMENT .—Ex-
cept as otherwise provided by the Secretary, no credit shall be allowed under this section unless the taxpayer receives a statement fur-nished under section 6050S(d) which contains all of the information required by paragraph (2) thereof.’’. 
(2) S
TATEMENT RECEIVED BY DEPENDENT .— 
Section 25A(g)(3) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the period at the end of sub-paragraph (B) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) a statement described in paragraph (8) 
and received by such individual shall be treated as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
(b) D
EDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED TUITION AND  
RELATED EXPENSES .—Section 222(d) of such 
Code is amended by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7), and by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(6) P
AYEE STATEMENT REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided by the Secretary, no deduction shall be allowed under subsection (a) unless the tax-payer receives a statement furnished under section 6050S(d) which contains all of the in-
formation required by paragraph (2) thereof. 
‘‘(B) S
TATEMENT RECEIVED BY DEPENDENT .— 
The receipt of the statement referred to in subparagraph (A) by an individual described in subsection (c)(3) shall be treated for pur-poses of subparagraph (A) as received by the taxpayer.’’. 
(c) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TOBEPROVIDED  
ONPAYEE STATEMENT .—Section 6050S(d)(2) of 
such Code is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) the information required by subsection 
(b)(2).’’. 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 405. SPECIAL RULE FOR EDUCATIONAL IN-
STITUTIONS UNABLE TO COLLECT TINS OF INDIVIDUALS WITH RE-SPECT TO HIGHER EDUCATION TUI-TION AND RELATED EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6724 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETURNS OF EDU-
CATIONAL INSTITUTIONS RELATED TO HIGHER  
EDUCATION TUITION AND RELATED EX-
PENSES .—No penalty shall be imposed under 
section 6721 or 6722 solely by reason of failing to provide the TIN of an individual on a re-turn or statement required by section 6050S(a)(1) if the eligible educational institu-tion required to make such return contem-poraneously makes a true and accurate cer-tification under penalty of perjury (and in such form and manner as may be prescribed by the Secretary) that it has complied with standards promulgated by the Secretary for obtaining such individual’s TIN.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to returns required to be made, and statements re-quired to be furnished, after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 406. PENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FILE COR-
RECT INFORMATION RETURNS AND PROVIDE PAYEE STATEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6721(a)(1) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’; 
and 
(2) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(b) R EDUCTION WHERE CORRECTION IN SPECI-
FIED PERIOD .— 
(1) C ORRECTION WITHIN 30 DAYS .—Section 
6721(b)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$30’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’; (B) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’; 
and 
(C) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’. 
(2) F
AILURES CORRECTED ON OR BEFORE AU -
GUST 1 .—Section 6721(b)(2) of such Code is 
amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$60’’ and inserting ‘‘$100’’; (B) by striking ‘‘$100’’ (prior to amendment 
by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$250’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(c) L
OWER LIMITATION FOR PERSONS WITH 
GROSS RECEIPTS OF NOT MORE THAN 
$5,000,000.—Section 6721(d)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,000,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘$75,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$175,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’; and 
(3) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘$200,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.021 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4357 June 22, 2015 
(B) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ (prior to amend-
ment by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(d) P
ENALTY IN CASE OF INTENTIONAL DIS-
REGARD .—Section 6721(e) of such Code is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$250’’ in paragraph (2) and 
inserting ‘‘$500’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ in paragraph 
(3)(A) and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(e) F AILURE TOFURNISH CORRECT PAYEE  
STATEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6722(a)(1) of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(2) R EDUCTION WHERE CORRECTION IN SPECI -
FIED PERIOD .— 
(A) C ORRECTION WITHIN 30 DAYS .—Section 
6722(b)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘$30’’ and inserting ‘‘$50’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘$100’’ and inserting ‘‘$250’’; 
and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’. 
(B) F
AILURES CORRECTED ON OR BEFORE AU -
GUST 1 .—Section 6722(b)(2) of such Code is 
amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘$60’’ and inserting ‘‘$100’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘$100’’ (prior to amendment 
by clause (i)) and inserting ‘‘$250’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(3) L
OWER LIMITATION FOR PERSONS WITH  
GROSS RECEIPTS OF NOT MORE THAN $5 ,000,000.— 
Section 6722(d)(1) of such Code is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$1,000,000’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$3,000,000’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘$75,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$175,000’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘$200,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$500,000’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ (prior to amend-
ment by subparagraph (A)) and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. 
(4) P
ENALTY IN CASE OF INTENTIONAL DIS -
REGARD .—Section 6722(e) of such Code is 
amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘$250’’ in paragraph (2) and 
inserting ‘‘$500’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$1,500,000’’ in paragraph 
(3)(A) and inserting ‘‘$3,000,000’’. 
(f) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to returns and statements required to be filed after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 407. CHILD TAX CREDIT NOT REFUNDABLE 
FOR TAXPAYERS ELECTING TO EX-CLUDE FOREIGN EARNED INCOME FROM TAX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24(d) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXPAYERS EXCLUDING  
FOREIGN EARNED INCOME .—Paragraph (1) shall 
not apply to any taxpayer for any taxable year if such taxpayer elects to exclude any amount from gross income under section 911 for such taxable year.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 408. COVERAGE AND PAYMENT FOR RENAL 
DIALYSIS SERVICES FOR INDIVID-UALS WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY. 
(a) C OVERAGE .—Section 1861(s)(2)(F) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(s)(2)(F)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘, including such renal dialy-sis services furnished on or after January 1, 
2017, by a renal dialysis facility or provider of services paid under section 1881(b)(14) to an individual with acute kidney injury (as defined in section 1834(r)(2))’’. 
(b) P
AYMENT .—Section 1834 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(r) P
AYMENT FOR RENAL DIALYSIS SERV-
ICES FOR INDIVIDUALS WITHACUTE KIDNEY IN-
JURY .— 
‘‘(1) P AYMENT RATE .—In the case of renal 
dialysis services (as defined in subparagraph (B) of section 1881(b)(14)) furnished under this part by a renal dialysis facility or provider of services paid under such section during a year (beginning with 2017) to an individual with acute kidney injury (as defined in para-graph (2)), the amount of payment under this part for such services shall be the base rate for renal dialysis services determined for such year under such section, as adjusted by any applicable geographic adjustment factor applied under subparagraph (D)(iv)(II) of such section and may be adjusted by the Sec-retary (on a budget neutral basis for pay-ments under this paragraph) by any other adjustment factor under subparagraph (D) of such section. 
‘‘(2) I
NDIVIDUAL WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘indi-
vidual with acute kidney injury’ means an individual who has acute loss of renal func-tion and does not receive renal dialysis serv-ices for which payment is made under sec-tion 1881(b)(14).’’. 
SA 2075. Mr. PORTMAN (for himself 
and Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2146, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, fire-fighters, and air traffic controllers to make penalty-free withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 25, strike line 18, and all 
that follows through page 26, line 16, and in-sert the following: 
(11) C
URRENCY MANIPULATION .—The prin-
cipal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to unfair currency ex-change practices is to target protracted large-scale intervention in one direction in the exchange markets by a party to a trade agreement to gain an unfair competitive ad-vantage in trade over other parties to the agreement, by establishing strong and en-forceable rules against exchange rate manip-ulation that are subject to the same dispute settlement procedures and remedies as other enforceable obligations under the agreement and are consistent with existing principles and agreements of the International Mone-tary Fund and the World Trade Organiza-tion. Nothing in the previous sentence shall be construed to restrict the exercise of do-mestic monetary policy. 
SA 2076. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ) proposed an amendment 
to the bill H.R. 91, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans 
Identification Card Act 2015’’. SEC. 2. VETERANS IDENTIFICATION CARD. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Effective on the day before the date of 
the enactment of this Act, veteran identi-fication cards were issued to veterans who have either completed the statutory time-in- service requirement for retirement from the Armed Forces or who have received a med-ical-related discharge from the Armed Forces. 
(2) Effective on the day before the date of 
the enactment of this Act, a veteran who served a minimum obligated time in service, but who did not meet the criteria described in paragraph (1), did not receive a means of identifying the veteran’s status as a veteran other than using the Department of Defense form DD–214 discharge papers of the veteran. 
(3) Goods, services, and promotional activi-
ties are often offered by public and private institutions to veterans who demonstrate proof of service in the military, but it is im-practical for a veteran to always carry De-partment of Defense form DD–214 discharge papers to demonstrate such proof. 
(4) A general purpose veteran identifica-
tion card made available to veterans would be useful to demonstrate the status of the veterans without having to carry and use of-ficial Department of Defense form DD–214 discharge papers. 
(5) On the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs had the infrastructure in place across the United States to produce photo-graphic identification cards and accept a small payment to cover the cost of these cards. 
(b) P
ROVISION OF VETERAN IDENTIFICATION  
CARDS .—Chapter 57 of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by adding after section 5705 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 5706. Veterans identification card 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs shall issue an identification card described in subsection (b) to each vet-eran who— 
‘‘(1) requests such card; ‘‘(2) presents a copy of Department of De-
fense form DD–214 or other official document from the official military personnel file of the veteran that describes the service of the veteran; and 
‘‘(3) pays the fee under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(b) I
DENTIFICATION CARD.—An identifica-
tion card described in this subsection is a card issued to a veteran that— 
‘‘(1) displays a photograph of the veteran; ‘‘(2) displays the name of the veteran; ‘‘(3) explains that such card is not proof of 
any benefits to which the veteran is entitled to; 
‘‘(4) contains an identification number that 
is not a social security number; and 
‘‘(5) serves as proof that such veteran— ‘‘(A) served in the Armed Forces; and ‘‘(B) has a Department of Defense form 
DD–214 or other official document in the offi-cial military personnel file of the veteran that describes the service of the veteran. 
‘‘(c) C
OSTS OF CARD.—(1) The Secretary 
shall charge a fee to each veteran who re-ceives an identification card issued under this section, including a replacement identi-fication card. 
‘‘(2)(A) The fee charged under paragraph (1) 
shall equal such amount as the Secretary de-termines is necessary to issue an identifica-tion card under this section. 
‘‘(B) In determining the amount of the fee 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that the total amount of fees col-lected under paragraph (1) equals an amount necessary to carry out this section, includ-ing costs related to any additional equip-ment or personnel required to carry out this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.021 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4358 June 22, 2015 
‘‘(C) The Secretary shall review and reas-
sess the determination under subparagraph (A) during each five-year period in which the Secretary issues an identification card under this section. 
‘‘(3) Amounts collected under this sub-
section shall be deposited in an account of the Department available to carry out this section. Amounts so deposited shall be— 
‘‘(A) merged with amounts in such ac-
count; 
‘‘(B) available in such amounts as may be 
provided in appropriation Acts; and 
‘‘(C) subject to the same conditions and 
limitations as amounts otherwise in such ac-count. 
‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF CARD ON BENEFITS .—(1) An 
identification card issued under this section shall not serve as proof of any benefits that the veteran may be entitled to under this title. 
‘‘(2) A veteran who is issued an identifica-
tion card under this section shall not be en-titled to any benefits under this title by rea-son of possessing such card. 
‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATIVE MEASURES .—(1) The 
Secretary shall ensure that any information collected or used with respect to an identi-fication card issued under this section is ap-propriately secured. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may determine any ap-
propriate procedures with respect to issuing a replacement identification card. 
‘‘(3) In carrying out this section, the Sec-
retary shall coordinate with the National Personnel Records Center. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary may conduct such out-
reach to advertise the identification card under this section as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(f) C
ONSTRUCTION .—This section shall not 
be construed to affect identification cards otherwise provided by the Secretary to vet-erans enrolled in the health care system es-tablished under section 1705(a) of this title.’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5705 the following new item: 
‘‘5706. Veterans identification card.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this Act shall take effect on the date that is 60 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Benjamin Canavan, a State Department fellow in my office, receive Senate floor privi-leges for the duration of his current fellowship in the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
On Thursday, June 18, 2015, the Sen-
ate passed H.R. 1735, as amended, as follows: 
H.R. 1735 
Resolved, That the bill from the House of 
Representatives (H.R. 1735) entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’, do pass with the following amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; 
TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into four 
divisions as follows: 
(1) Division A—Department of Defense Au-
thorizations. 
(2) Division B—Military Construction Author-
izations. 
(3) Division C—Department of Energy Na-
tional Security Authorizations. 
(4) Division D—Funding tables. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table 
of contents. 
Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. Sec. 4. Budgetary effects of this Act. 
DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE I—PROCUREMENT 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Navy Programs 
Sec. 111. Amendment to cost limitation baseline 
for CVN–78 class aircraft carrier program. 
Sec. 112. Limitation on availability of funds for 
USS JOHN F. KENNEDY (CVN– 79). 
Sec. 113. Limitation on availability of funds for 
USS ENTERPRISE (CVN–80). 
Sec. 114. Modification of CVN–78 class aircraft 
carrier program. 
Sec. 115. Limitation on availability of funds for 
Littoral Combat Ship. 
Sec. 116. Extension and modification of limita-
tion on availability of funds for Littoral Combat Ship. 
Sec. 117. Construction of additional Arleigh 
Burke destroyer. 
Sec. 118. Fleet Replenishment Oiler Program. Sec. 119. Reporting requirement for Ohio-class 
replacement submarine program. 
Sec. 120. Stationing of C–130 H aircraft avionics 
previously modified by the Avi-onics Modernization Program (AMP) in support of daily train-ing and contingency requirements for Airborne and Special Oper-ations Forces. 
Subtitle C—Air Force Programs 
Sec. 131. Limitations on retirement of B–1, B–2, 
and B–52 bomber aircraft. 
Sec. 132. Limitation on retirement of Air Force 
fighter aircraft. 
Sec. 133. Limitation on availability of funds for 
F–35A aircraft procurement. 
Sec. 134. Prohibition on retirement of A–10 air-
craft. 
Sec. 135. Prohibition on availability of funds 
for retirement of EC–130H Com-pass Call aircraft. 
Sec. 136. Limitation on transfer of C–130 air-
craft. 
Sec. 137. Limitation on use of funds for T–1A 
Jayhawk aircraft. 
Sec. 138. Restriction on retirement of the Joint 
Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS), EC–130H Com-pass Call, and Airborne Early Warning and Control (AWACS) Aircraft. 
Sec. 139. Sense of Congress regarding the 
OCONUS basing of the F–35A air-craft. 
Sec. 140. Sense of Congress on F–16 Active Elec-
tronically Scanned Array (AESA) radar upgrade. 
Subtitle D—Defense-wide, Joint, and 
Multiservice Matters 
Sec. 151. Report on Army and Marine Corps 
modernization plan for small arms. Subtitle E—Army Programs 
Sec. 161. Stryker Lethality Upgrades. 
TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, 
and Limitations 
Sec. 211. Centers for Science, Technology, and 
Engineering Partnership. 
Sec. 212. Department of Defense technology off-
set program to build and maintain the military technological superi-ority of the United States. 
Sec. 213. Reauthorization of defense research 
and development rapid innovation program. 
Sec. 214. Reauthorization of Global Research 
Watch program. 
Sec. 215. Science and technology activities to 
support business systems informa-tion technology acquisition pro-grams. 
Sec. 216. Expansion of eligibility for financial 
assistance under Department of Defense Science, Mathematics, and Research for Transformation program to include citizens of countries participating in The Technical Cooperation Program. 
Sec. 217. Streamlining the Joint Federated As-
surance Center. 
Sec. 218. Limitation on availability of funds for 
development of the Shallow Water Combat Submersible. 
Sec. 219. Limitation on availability of funds for 
distributed common ground sys-tem of the Army. 
Sec. 220. Limitation on availability of funds for 
distributed common ground sys-tem of the United States Special Operations Command. 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
Sec. 231. Assessment of air-land mobile tactical 
communications and data net-work requirements and capabili-ties. 
Sec. 232. Study of field failures involving coun-
terfeit electronic parts. 
Sec. 233. Demonstration of Persistent Close Air 
Support capabilities. 
Sec. 234. Airborne data link plan. Sec. 235. Report on Technology Readiness Lev-
els of the technologies and capa-bilities critical to the Long Range Strike Bomber aircraft. 
TITLE III—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. 
Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
Sec. 311. Modification of energy management 
reporting requirements. 
Sec. 312. Report on efforts to reduce high en-
ergy costs at military installa-
tions. 
Sec. 313. Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness 
Areas. 
Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
Sec. 321. Repeal of limitation on authority to 
enter into a contract for the sustainment, maintenance, repair, or overhaul of the F117 engine. 
Subtitle D—Reports 
Sec. 331. Modification of annual report on 
prepositioned materiel and equip-ment. 
Subtitle E—Limitations and Extensions of 
Authority 
Sec. 341. Modification of requirements for 
transferring aircraft within the Air Force inventory. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.022 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4359 June 22, 2015 
Sec. 342. Limitation on use of funds for Depart-
ment of Defense sponsorships, ad-vertising, or marketing associated with sports-related organizations or sporting events. 
Sec. 342A. Prohibition on contracts to facilitate 
payments for honoring members of the Armed Forces at sporting events. 
Sec. 343. Temporary authority to extend con-
tracts and leases under ARMS ini-tiative. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
Sec. 351. Streamlining of Department of Defense 
management and operational headquarters. 
Sec. 352. Adoption of retired military working 
dogs. 
Sec. 353. Modification of required review of 
projects relating to potential ob-structions to aviation. 
Sec. 354. Pilot program on intensive instruction 
in certain Asian languages. 
TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Active Forces 
Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. 
Sec. 402. Enhancement of authority for man-
agement of end strengths for mili-tary personnel. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. 
Sec. 412. End strengths for Reserves on active 
duty in support of the reserves. 
Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians 
(dual status). 
Sec. 414. Fiscal year 2016 limitation on number 
of non-dual status technicians. 
Sec. 415. Maximum number of reserve personnel 
authorized to be on active duty for operational support. 
Sec. 416. Chief of the National Guard Bureau 
authority to increase certain end strengths applicable to the Army National Guard. 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 421. Military personnel. 
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
Sec. 501. Authority of promotion boards to rec-
ommend officers of particular merit be placed at the top of the promotion list. 
Sec. 502. Minimum grades for certain corps and 
related positions in the Army, Navy, and Air Force. 
Sec. 503. Enhancement of military personnel 
authorities in connection with the defense acquisition workforce. 
Sec. 504. Enhanced flexibility for determination 
of officers to continue on active duty and for selective early retire-ment and early discharge. 
Sec. 505. Authority to defer until age 68 manda-
tory retirement for age of a gen-eral or flag officer serving as Chief or Deputy Chief of Chap-lains of the Army, Navy, or Air Force. 
Sec. 506. Reinstatement of enhanced authority 
for selective early discharge of warrant officers. 
Sec. 507. Authority to conduct warrant officer 
retired grade determinations. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
Sec. 511. Authority to designate certain reserve 
officers as not to be considered for selection for promotion. 
Sec. 512. Clarification of purpose of reserve 
component special selection boards as limited to correction of error at a mandatory promotion board. Sec. 513. Reconciliation of contradictory provi-
sions relating to citizenship quali-fications for enlistment in the re-serve components of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 514. Authority for certain Air Force reserve 
component personnel to provide training and instruction regard-ing pilot instructor training. 
Subtitle C—General Service Authorities 
Sec. 521. Duty required for eligibility for 
preseparation counseling for mem-bers being discharged or released from active duty. 
Sec. 522. Expansion of pilot programs on career 
flexibility to enhance retention of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 523. Sense of Senate on development of 
gender-neutral occupational standards for occupational as-signments in the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 524. Sense of Congress recognizing the di-
versity of the members of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle D—Member Education and Training 
PART I—E
DUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE REFORM  
Sec. 531. Limitation on tuition assistance for 
off-duty training or education. 
Sec. 532. Termination of program of educational 
assistance for reserve component members supporting contingency operations and other operations. 
Sec. 533. Reports on educational levels attained 
by certain members of the Armed Forces at time of separation from the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 534. Sense of Congress on transferability of 
unused education benefits to fam-ily members. 
Sec. 535. No entitlement to unemployment in-
surance while receiving Post-9/11 Education Assistance. 
PART II—O
THER MATTERS  
Sec. 536. Repeal of statutory specification of 
minimum duration of in-resident instruction for courses of instruc-tion offered as part of Phase II joint professional military edu-cation. 
Sec. 537. Quality assurance of certification pro-
grams and standards for profes-sional credentials obtained by members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 538. Support for athletic programs of the 
United States Military Academy. 
Sec. 539. Online access to the higher education 
component of the Transition As-sistance Program. 
Subtitle E—Military Justice 
Sec. 546. Modification of Rule 304 of the Mili-
tary Rules of Evidence relating to the corroboration of a confession or admission. 
Sec. 547. Modification of Rule 104 of the Rules 
for Courts-Martial to establish certain prohibitions concerning evaluations of Special Victims’ Counsel. 
Sec. 548. Right of victims of offenses under the 
Uniform Code of Military Justice to timely disclosure of certain ma-terials and information in connec-tion with prosecution of offenses. 
Sec. 549. Enforcement of certain crime victims’ 
rights by the Court of Criminal Appeals. 
Sec. 550. Release to victims upon request of 
complete record of proceedings and testimony of courts-martial in cases in which sentences adjudged could include punitive discharge. 
Sec. 551. Representation and assistance of vic-
tims by Special Victims’ Counsel in questioning by military crimi-nal investigators. Sec. 552. Authority of Special Victims’ Counsel 
to provide legal consultation and assistance in connection with var-ious Government proceedings. 
Sec. 553. Enhancement of confidentiality of re-
stricted reporting of sexual as-sault in the military. 
Sec. 554. Establishment of Office of Complex In-
vestigations within the National Guard Bureau. 
Sec. 555. Modification of deadline for establish-
ment of Defense Advisory Com-mittee on Investigation, Prosecu-tion, and Defense of Sexual As-sault in the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 556. Comptroller General of the United 
States reports on prevention and response to sexual assault by the Army National Guard and the Army Reserve. 
Sec. 557. Sense of Congress on the service of 
military families and on sen-tencing retirement-eligible mem-bers of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle F—Defense Dependents Education and 
Military Family Readiness 
Sec. 561. Continuation of authority to assist 
local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees. 
Sec. 562. Impact aid for children with severe 
disabilities. 
Sec. 563. Authority to use appropriated funds to 
support Department of Defense student meal programs in domestic dependent elementary and sec-ondary schools located outside the United States. 
Sec. 564. Biennial surveys of military depend-
ents on military family readiness matters. 
Subtitle G—Miscellaneous Reporting 
Requirements 
Sec. 571. Extension of semiannual reports on 
the involuntary separation of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 572. Remotely piloted aircraft career field 
manning shortfalls. 
Subtitle H—Other Matters 
PART I—F
INANCIAL LITERACY AND PREPARED -
NESS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES  
Sec. 581. Improvement of financial literacy and 
preparedness of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 582. Financial literacy training with re-
spect to certain financial services for members of the uniformed services. 
Sec. 583. Sense of Congress on financial literacy 
and preparedness of members of the Armed Forces. 
PART II—O
THER MATTERS  
Sec. 586. Authority for applications for correc-
tion of military records to be initi-ated by the Secretary concerned. 
Sec. 587. Recordation of obligations for install-
ment payments of incentive pays, allowances, and similar benefits when payment is due. 
Sec. 588. Enhancements to Yellow Ribbon Re-
integration Program. 
Sec. 589. Priority processing of applications for 
Transportation Worker Identifica-tion Credentials for members un-dergoing discharge or release from the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 590. Issuance of Recognition of Service ID 
Cards to certain members sepa-rating from the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 591. Revised policy on network services for 
military services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4360 June 22, 2015 
Sec. 592. Increase in number of days of active 
duty required to be performed by reserve component members for duty to be considered Federal service for purposes of unemploy-ment compensation for ex- servicemembers. 
Sec. 593. Improved enumeration of members of 
the Armed Forces in any tabula-tion of total population by Sec-retary of Commerce. 
TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER 
PERSONNEL BENEFITS 
Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
Sec. 601. Fiscal year 2016 increase in military 
basic pay. 
Sec. 602. Modification of percentage of national 
average monthly cost of housing usable in computation of basic al-lowance for housing inside the United States. 
Sec. 603. Extension of authority to provide tem-
porary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing. 
Sec. 604. Basic allowance for housing for mar-
ried members of the uniformed services assigned for duty within normal commuting distance and for other members living together. 
Sec. 605. Repeal of inapplicability of modifica-
tion of basic allowance for hous-ing to benefits under the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
Sec. 606. Limitation on eligibility for supple-
mental subsistence allowances to members serving outside the United States and associated ter-ritory. 
Sec. 607. Availability of information. 
Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive 
Pays 
Sec. 611. One-year extension of certain bonus 
and special pay authorities for re-serve forces. 
Sec. 612. One-year extension of certain bonus 
and special pay authorities for health care professionals. 
Sec. 613. One-year extension of special pay and 
bonus authorities for nuclear offi-cers. 
Sec. 614. One-year extension of authorities re-
lating to title 37 consolidated spe-cial pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities. 
Sec. 615. One-year extension of authorities re-
lating to payment of other title 37 bonuses and special pays. 
Sec. 616. Increase in maximum annual amount 
of nuclear officer bonus pay. 
Sec. 617. Repeal of obsolete authority to pay 
bonus to encourage Army per-sonnel to refer persons for enlist-ment in the Army. 
Subtitle C—Travel and Transportation 
Allowances 
Sec. 621. Repeal of obsolete special travel and 
transportation allowance for sur-vivors of deceased members from the Vietnam conflict. 
Sec. 622. Study and report on policy changes to 
the Joint Travel Regulations. 
Sec. 623. Transportation to transfer ceremonies 
for family and next of kin of mem-bers of the Armed Forces who die overseas during humanitarian op-erations. 
Sec. 624. Policies of the Department of Defense 
on travel of next of kin to partici-pate in the dignified transfer of remains of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense who die overseas. Subtitle D—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and 
Survivor Benefits 
PART I—R
ETIRED PAYREFORM  
Sec. 631. Thrift Savings Plan participation for 
members of the uniformed serv-ices. 
Sec. 632. Modernized retirement system for 
members of the uniformed serv-ices. 
Sec. 633. Lump sum payments of certain retired 
pay. 
Sec. 634. Continuation pay after 12 years of 
service for members of the uni-formed services participating in the modernized retirement sys-tems. 
Sec. 635. Authority for retirement flexibility for 
members of the uniformed serv-ices. 
Sec. 636. Treatment of Department of Defense 
Military Retirement Fund as a qualified trust. 
PART II—O
THER MATTERS  
Sec. 641. Death of former spouse beneficiaries 
and subsequent remarriages under Survivor Benefit Plan. 
Sec. 642. Transitional compensation and other 
benefits for dependents of mem-bers of the Armed Forces ineligible to receive retired pay as a result of court-martial sentence. 
Subtitle E—Commissary and Non-Appropriated 
Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
Sec. 651. Commissary system matters. 
Sec. 652. Plan on privatization of the defense 
commissary system. 
Sec. 653. Comptroller General of the United 
States report on the Commissary Surcharge, Non-appropriated Fund, and Privately-Financed Major Construction Program. 
TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care 
Benefits 
Sec. 701. Urgent care authorization under the 
TRICARE program. 
Sec. 702. Modifications of cost-sharing require-
ments for the TRICARE Phar-macy Benefits Program. 
Sec. 703. Expansion of continued health bene-
fits coverage to include dis-charged and released members of the Selected Reserve. 
Sec. 704. Expansion of reimbursement for smok-
ing cessation services for certain TRICARE beneficiaries. 
Sec. 705. Pilot program on treatment of members 
of the Armed Forces for post-trau-matic stress disorder related to military sexual trauma. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
Sec. 711. Access to health care under the 
TRICARE program. 
Sec. 712. Portability of health plans under the 
TRICARE program. 
Sec. 713. Improvement of mental health care 
provided by health care providers of the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 714. Comprehensive standards and access 
to contraception counseling for members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 715. Waiver of recoupment of erroneous 
payments due to administrative error under the TRICARE pro-gram. 
Sec. 716. Designation of certain non-Depart-
ment mental health care providers with knowledge relating to treat-ment of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 717. Limitation on conversion of military 
medical and dental positions to ci-vilian medical and dental posi-tions. Sec. 718. Extension of authority for joint De-
partment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facil-ity Demonstration Fund. 
Sec. 719. Extension of authority for DOD–VA 
Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund. 
Sec. 720. Pilot program on incentive programs 
to improve health care provided under the TRICARE program. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
Sec. 731. Publication of certain information on 
health care provided by the De-partment of Defense through the Hospital compare website of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
Sec. 732. Publication of data on patient safety, 
quality of care, satisfaction, and health outcome measures under the TRICARE program. 
Sec. 733. Annual report on patient safety, qual-
ity of care, and access to care at military medical treatment facili-ties. 
Sec. 734. Report on plans to improve experience 
with and eliminate performance variability of health care provided by the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 735. Report on plan to improve pediatric 
care and related services for chil-dren of members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 736. Report on preliminary mental health 
screenings for individuals becom-ing members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 737. Comptroller General report on use of 
quality of care metrics at military treatment facilities. 
Sec. 738. Report on interoperability between 
electronic health records systems of Department of Defense and De-partment of Veterans Affairs. 
Sec. 739. Submittal of information to Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs relating to ex-posure to airborne hazards and open burn pits. 
Sec. 740. Comptroller General study on gam-
bling and problem gambling be-havior among members of the Armed Forces. 
Sec. 741. Report on implementation of data se-
curity and transmission standards for electronic health records. 
TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-
SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management 
Sec. 801. Role of service chiefs in the acquisition 
process. 
Sec. 802. Expansion of rapid acquisition au-
thority. 
Sec. 803. Middle tier of acquisition for rapid 
prototyping and rapid fielding. 
Sec. 804. Amendments to other transaction au-
thority. 
Sec. 805. Use of alternative acquisition paths to 
acquire critical national security capabilities. 
Sec. 806. Secretary of Defense waiver of acquisi-
tion laws to acquire vital national security capabilities. 
Sec. 807. Acquisition authority of the Com-
mander of United States Cyber Command. 
Sec. 808. Advisory panel on streamlining and 
codifying acquisition regulations. 
Sec. 809. Review of time-based requirements 
process and budgeting and acqui-sition systems. 
Sec. 810. Improvement of program and project 
management by the Department of Defense. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting 
Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations 
Sec. 821. Preference for fixed-price contracts in 
determining contract type for de-velopment programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4361 June 22, 2015 
Sec. 822. Applicability of cost and pricing data 
and certification requirements. 
Sec. 823. Risk-based contracting for smaller 
contract actions under the Truth in Negotiations Act. 
Sec. 824. Limitation on use of reverse auction 
and lowest price technically ac-ceptable contracting methods. 
Sec. 825. Rights in technical data. Sec. 826. Procurement of supplies for experi-
mental purposes. 
Sec. 827. Extension of authority to acquire 
products and services produced in countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan. 
Sec. 828. Reporting related to failure of contrac-
tors to meet goals under nego-tiated comprehensive small busi-ness subcontracting plans. 
Sec. 829. Competition for religious services con-
tracts. 
Sec. 830. Treatment of interagency and State 
and local purchases when the De-partment of Defense acts as con-tract intermediary for the General Services Administration. 
Sec. 831. Pilot program for streamlining awards 
for innovative technology projects. 
Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major 
Defense Acquisition Programs 
Sec. 841. Acquisition strategy required for each 
major defense acquisition pro-gram. 
Sec. 842. Risk reduction in major defense acqui-
sition programs. 
Sec. 843. Designation of milestone decision au-
thority. 
Sec. 844. Revision of Milestone A decision au-
thority responsibilities for major defense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 845. Revision of Milestone B decision au-
thority responsibilities for major defense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 846. Tenure and accountability of program 
managers for program develop-ment periods. 
Sec. 847. Tenure and accountability of program 
managers for program execution periods. 
Sec. 848. Repeal of requirement for stand-alone 
manpower estimates for major de-fense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 849. Penalty for cost overruns. Sec. 850. Streamlining of reporting requirements 
applicable to Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engi-neering regarding major defense acquisition programs. 
Sec. 851. Configuration Steering Boards for cost 
control under major defense ac-quisition programs. 
Sec. 852. Sustainment enhancement. 
Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Commercial 
Items 
Sec. 861. Inapplicability of certain laws and 
regulations to the acquisition of commercial items and commer-cially available off-the-shelf items. 
Sec. 862. Market research and preference for 
commercial items. 
Sec. 863. Continuing validity of commercial item 
determinations. 
Sec. 864. Treatment of commercial items pur-
chased as major weapon systems. 
Sec. 865. Limitation on conversion of procure-
ments from commercial acquisition procedures. 
Sec. 866. Treatment of goods and services pro-
vided by nontraditional contrac-tors as commercial items. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Sec. 871. Streamlining of requirements relating 
to defense business systems. 
Sec. 872. Acquisition workforce. Sec. 873. Unified information technology serv-
ices. 
Sec. 874. Cloud strategy for Department of De-
fense. 
Sec. 875. Development period for Department of 
Defense information technology systems. 
Sec. 876. Revisions to pilot program on acquisi-
tion of military purpose non-de-velopmental items. 
Sec. 877. Extension of the Department of De-
fense Mentor-Prote ´ge´pilot pro-
gram. 
Sec. 878. Improved auditing of contracts. Sec. 879. Survey on the costs of regulatory com-
pliance. 
Sec. 880. Government Accountability Office re-
port on bid protests. 
Sec. 881. Steps to identify and address potential 
unfair competitive advantage of technical advisors to acquisition officials. 
Sec. 882. HUBZone qualified disaster areas. 
Sec. 883. Base closure HUBZones. Sec. 884. Exception for AbilityOne goods from 
authority to acquire goods and services manufactured in Afghan-istan, and central Asian states. 
Sec. 885. Small business procurement ombuds-
man. 
Sec. 886. Annual report on foreign procure-
ments. 
TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
Sec. 901. Update of statutory specification of 
functions of Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to advice on requirements, programs, and budget. 
Sec. 902. Reorganization and redesignation of 
Office of Family Policy and Office of Community Support for Mili-tary Families with Special Needs. 
Sec. 903. Repeal of requirement for annual De-
partment of Defense funding for Ocean Research Advisory Panel. 
TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. 
Sec. 1002. Annual audit of financial statements 
of Department of Defense compo-nents by independent external auditors. 
Sec. 1003. Treatment as part of the base budget 
of certain amounts authorized for 
overseas contingency operations upon enactment of an Act revising the Budget Control Act discre-tionary spending limits for fiscal year 2016. 
Sec. 1004. Sense of Senate on sequestration. Sec. 1005. Sense of Senate on finding effi-
ciencies within the working cap-ital fund activities of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
Subtitle B—Counter-Drug Activities 
Sec. 1011. Extension of authority to support 
unified counterdrug and counter-terrorism campaign in Colombia. 
Sec. 1012. Extension and expansion of authority 
to provide additional support for counter-drug activities of certain foreign governments. 
Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
Sec. 1021. Studies of fleet platform architectures 
for the Navy. 
Sec. 1022. Amendment to National Sea-Based 
Deterrence Fund. 
Sec. 1023. Extension of authority for reimburse-
ment of expenses for certain Navy mess operations afloat. 
Sec. 1024. Additional information supporting 
long-range plans for construction of naval vessels. 
Sec. 1025. Report and assessment of potential 
costs and benefits of privatizing Department of Defense com-missaries. Sec. 1026. Report on Department of Defense def-
inition of and policy regarding software sustainment. 
Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
Sec. 1031. Prohibition on use of funds to con-
struct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1032. Limitation on the transfer or release 
of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1033. Reenactment and modification of cer-
tain prior requirements for certifi-cations relating to transfer of de-tainees at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to foreign countries and other for-eign entities. 
Sec. 1034. Authority to temporarily transfer in-
dividuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to the United States for emergency or critical medical treatment. 
Sec. 1035. Prohibition on use of funds for trans-
fer or release to Yemen of individ-uals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1036. Report on current detainees at 
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, deter-mined or assessed to be high risk or medium risk. 
Sec. 1037. Report to Congress on memoranda of 
understanding with foreign coun-tries regarding transfer of detain-ees at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Sec. 1038. Semiannual reports on use of United 
States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, and any other Department of Defense or Bureau of Prisons prison or other deten-tion or disciplinary facility in re-cruitment and other propaganda of terrorist organizations. 
Sec. 1039. Extension and modification of au-
thority to make rewards for com-bating terrorism. 
Sec. 1040. Reaffirmation of the prohibition on 
torture. 
Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and 
Limitations 
Sec. 1041. Assistance to secure the southern 
land border of the United States. 
Sec. 1042. Protection of Department of Defense 
installations. 
Sec. 1043. Strategy to protect United States na-
tional security interests in the Arctic region. 
Sec. 1044. Extension of limitations on the trans-
fer to the regular Army of AH–64 Apache helicopters assigned to the Army National Guard. 
Sec. 1045. Treatment of certain previously 
transferred Army National Guard helicopters as counting against number transferrable under ex-ception to limitation on transfer of Army National Guard heli-copters. 
Sec. 1046. Management of military technicians. Sec. 1047. Sense of Congress on consideration of 
the full range of Department of Defense manpower worldwide in decisions on the proper mix of military, civilian, and contractor personnel to accomplish the Na-tional Defense Strategy. 
Sec. 1048. Sense of Senate on the United States 
Marine Corps. 
Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
Sec. 1061. Repeal of reporting requirements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4362 June 22, 2015 
Sec. 1062. Termination of requirement for sub-
mittal to Congress of reports re-quired of the Department of De-fense by statute. 
Sec. 1063. Annual submittal to Congress of mu-
nitions assessments. 
Sec. 1064. Potential role for United States 
ground forces in the Pacific the-ater. 
Sec. 1065. Report on plans for the use of domes-
tic airfields for homeland defense and disaster response. 
Sec. 1066. Annual reports of the Chief of the 
National Guard Bureau on the ability of the National Guard to meet its missions. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 1081. Technical and clerical amendments. 
Sec. 1082. Authority to provide training and 
support to personnel of foreign ministries of defense. 
Sec. 1083. Expansion of outreach for veterans 
transitioning from serving on ac-tive duty. 
Sec. 1084. Modification of certain requirements 
applicable to major medical facil-ity lease for a Department of Vet-erans Affairs outpatient clinic in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 
Sec. 1085. Comptroller General briefing and re-
port on major medical facility projects of Department of Vet-erans Affairs. 
Sec. 1086. Sense of Senate. Sec. 1087. Melville Hall of the United States 
Merchant Marine Academy. 
Sec. 1088. Conflict of interest certification for 
investigations relating to whistle-blower retaliation. 
Sec. 1089. Authorization of certain major med-
ical facility projects of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for which amounts have been appro-priated. 
Sec. 1090. Reform and improvement of personnel 
security, insider threat detection and prevention, and physical se-curity. 
Sec. 1091. Designation of construction agent for 
certain construction projects by Department of Veterans Affairs. 
TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS 
Sec. 1101. Required probationary period for new 
employees of the Department of Defense. 
Sec. 1102. Delay of periodic step increase for ci-
vilian employees of the Depart-ment of Defense based upon unac-ceptable performance. 
Sec. 1103. Procedures for reduction in force of 
Department of Defense civilian personnel. 
Sec. 1104. United States Cyber Command work-
force. 
Sec. 1105. One-year extension of authority to 
waive annual limitation on pre-mium pay and aggregate limita-tion on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. 
Sec. 1106. Five-year extension of expedited hir-
ing authority for designated de-fense acquisition workforce posi-tions. 
Sec. 1107. One-year extension of discretionary 
authority to grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civilian personnel on official duty in a combat zone. 
Sec. 1108. Extension of rate of overtime pay for 
Department of the Navy employ-ees performing work aboard or dockside in support of the nu-clear-powered aircraft carrier for-ward deployed in Japan. Sec. 1109. Expansion of temporary authority to 
make direct appointments of can-didates possessing bachelor’s de-grees to scientific and engineering positions at science and tech-nology reinvention laboratories. 
Sec. 1110. Extension of authority for the civil-
ian acquisition workforce per-sonnel demonstration project. 
Sec. 1111. Pilot program on dynamic shaping of 
the workforce to improve the tech-nical skills and expertise at cer-tain Department of Defense lab-oratories. 
Sec. 1112. Pilot program on temporary exchange 
of financial management and ac-quisition personnel. 
Sec. 1113. Pilot program on enhanced pay au-
thority for certain acquisition and technology positions in the De-partment of Defense. 
Sec. 1114. Pilot program on direct hire author-
ity for veteran technical experts into the defense acquisition work-force. 
Sec. 1115. Direct hire authority for technical ex-
perts into the defense acquisition workforce. 
TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN NATIONS 
Subtitle A—Training and Assistance 
Sec. 1201. One-year extension of funding limita-
tions for authority to build the capacity of foreign security forces. 
Sec. 1202. Extension and expansion of authority 
for reimbursement to the Govern-ment of Jordan for border security operations. 
Sec. 1203. Extension of authority to conduct ac-
tivities to enhance the capability of foreign countries to respond to incidents involving weapons of mass destruction. 
Sec. 1204. Permanence and modification of au-
thorities relating to National Guard State Partnership Pro-gram. 
Sec. 1205. Authority to provide support to na-
tional military forces of allied countries for counterterrorism op-erations in Africa. 
Sec. 1206. Authority to build the capacity of 
foreign military intelligence forces. 
Sec. 1207. Prohibition on assistance to entities 
in Yemen controlled by the Houthi movement. 
Sec. 1208. Report on potential support for the 
vetted Syrian opposition. 
Sec. 1209. Support for security of afghan 
women and girls. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan, 
Pakistan, and Iraq 
Sec. 1221. Drawdown of United States forces in 
Afghanistan. 
Sec. 1222. Extension and modification of Com-
manders’ Emergency Response Program. 
Sec. 1223. Extension of authority to transfer de-
fense articles and provide defense services to the military and secu-rity forces of Afghanistan. 
Sec. 1224. Extension and modification of au-
thority for reimbursement of cer-tain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. 
Sec. 1225. Prohibition on transfer to violent ex-
tremist organizations of equip-ment or supplies provided by the United States to the Government of Iraq. 
Sec. 1226. Report on lines of communication of 
Islamic State of Iraq and the Le-vant and other foreign terrorist organizations. Sec. 1227. Modification of protection for Afghan 
allies. 
Sec. 1228. Extension of authority to support op-
erations and activities of the Of-fice of Security Cooperation in Iraq. 
Sec. 1229. Sense of Senate on support for the 
Kurdistan Regional Government. 
Sec. 1230. Sense of Congress on the security and 
protection of Iranian dissidents living in Camp Liberty, Iraq. 
Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Iran 
Sec. 1241. Modification and extension of annual 
report on the military power of Iran. 
Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian 
Federation 
Sec. 1251. Ukraine Security Assistance Initia-
tive. 
Sec. 1252. Eastern European Training Initia-
tive. 
Sec. 1253. Increased presence of United States 
ground forces in Eastern Europe to deter aggression on the border of the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization. 
Sec. 1254. Sense of Congress on European de-
fense and North Atlantic Treaty Organization spending. 
Sec. 1255. Additional matters in annual report 
on military and security develop-ments involving the Russian Fed-eration. 
Sec. 1256. Report on alternative capabilities to 
procure and sustain nonstandard rotary wing aircraft historically procured through Rosoboronexport. 
Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Asia-Pacific 
Region 
Sec. 1261. South China Sea Initiative. 
Sec. 1262. Sense of Congress reaffirming the im-
portance of implementing the re-balance to the Asia-Pacific re-gion. 
Sec. 1263. Sense of Senate on Taiwan asym-
metric military capabilities and bi-lateral training activities. 
Sec. 1264. Military exchanges between senior of-
ficers and officials of the United States and Taiwan. 
Sec. 1265. Strategy to promote United States in-
terests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. 
Subtitle F—Reports and Related Matters 
Sec. 1271. Item in quarterly reports on assist-
ance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant on forces ineligible to receive assistance due to a gross violation of human rights. 
Sec. 1272. United States-Israel anti-tunnel co-
operation. 
Sec. 1273. Sense of Senate and report on Qatar 
fighter aircraft capability con-tribution to regional security. 
Sec. 1274. Report on the security relationship 
between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
Sec. 1281. NATO Special Operations Head-
quarters. 
Sec. 1282. Two-year extension and modification 
of authorization for non-conven-tional assisted recovery capabili-ties. 
TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT 
REDUCTION 
Sec. 1301. Specification of Cooperative Threat 
Reduction funds. 
Sec. 1302. Funding allocations. 
TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Programs 
Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4363 June 22, 2015 
Sec. 1402. National Defense Sealift Fund. 
Sec. 1403. Chemical Agents and Munitions De-
struction, Defense. 
Sec. 1404. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug 
Activities, Defense-wide. 
Sec. 1405. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1406. Defense Health Program. 
Subtitle B—Other Matters 
Sec. 1411. Authority for transfer of funds to 
joint Department of Defense-De-partment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. 
Sec. 1412. Authorization of appropriations for 
Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
Sec. 1413. Inspections of the Armed Forces Re-
tirement Home by the Inspector General of the Department of De-fense. 
TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-
TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 1501. Purpose. 
Sec. 1502. Overseas contingency operations. Sec. 1503. Procurement. Sec. 1504. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation. 
Sec. 1505. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1506. Military personnel. Sec. 1507. Working capital funds. Sec. 1508. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug 
Activities, Defense-wide. 
Sec. 1509. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1510. Defense Health Program. 
Sec. 1511. Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund. 
Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
Sec. 1521. Treatment as additional authoriza-
tions. 
Sec. 1522. Special transfer authority. 
Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other 
Matters 
Sec. 1531. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. 
Sec. 1532. Joint Improvised Explosive Device 
Defeat Fund. 
Sec. 1533. Availability of Joint Improvised Ex-
plosive Device Defeat Fund funds for training of foreign security forces to defeat improvised explo-sive devices. 
TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, 
CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Space Activities 
Sec. 1601. Integrated policy to deter adversaries 
in space. 
Sec. 1602. Principal advisor on space control. Sec. 1603. Exception to the prohibition on con-
tracting with Russian suppliers of rocket engines for the evolved ex-pendable launch vehicle program. 
Sec. 1604. Elimination of launch capabilities 
contracts under evolved expend-able launch vehicle program. 
Sec. 1605. Allocation of funding for evolved ex-
pendable launch vehicle program. 
Sec. 1606. Inclusion of plan for development 
and fielding of a full-up engine in rocket propulsion system develop-ment program. 
Sec. 1607. Limitations on availability of funds 
for the Defense Meteorological Satellite program. 
Sec. 1608. Quarterly reports on Global Posi-
tioning System III space segment, Global Positioning System oper-ational control segment, and Mili-tary Global Positioning System user equipment acquisition pro-grams. 
Sec. 1609. Plan for consolidation of acquisition 
of commercial satellite commu-nications services. 
Sec. 1610. Council on Oversight of the Depart-
ment of Defense Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Enter-prise. Sec. 1611. Analysis of alternatives for wide- 
band communications. 
Sec. 1612. Expansion of goals for pilot program 
for acquisition of commercial sat-ellite communication services. 
Sec. 1613. Streamline commercial space launch 
activities. 
Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and 
Intelligence-related Activities 
Sec. 1621. Report on Air National Guard con-
tributions to the RQ–4 Global Hawk mission. 
Subtitle C—Cyber Warfare, Cyber Security, and 
Related Matters 
Sec. 1631. Authorization of military cyber oper-
ations. 
Sec. 1632. Designation of Department of De-
fense entity responsible for acqui-sition of critical cyber capabili-ties. 
Sec. 1633. Incentive for submittal to Congress by 
President of integrated policy to deter adversaries in cyberspace. 
Sec. 1634. Authorization for procurement of 
relocatable Sensitive Compart-mented Information Facility. 
Sec. 1635. Evaluation of cyber vulnerabilities of 
major weapon systems of the De-partment of Defense. 
Sec. 1636. Assessment of capabilities of United 
States Cyber Command to defend the United States from cyber at-tacks. 
Sec. 1637. Biennial exercises on responding to 
cyber attacks against critical in-frastructure. 
Sec. 1638. Comprehensive plan of Department of 
Defense to support civil authori-ties in response to cyber attacks by foreign powers. 
Sec. 1639. Sense of Congress on reviewing and 
considering findings and rec-ommendations of Council of Gov-ernors on cyber capabilities of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
Sec. 1641. Designation of Air Force officials to 
be responsible for policy on and procurement of nuclear command, control, and communications sys-tems. 
Sec. 1642. Comptroller General of the United 
States review of recommendations relating to the nuclear security enterprise. 
Sec. 1643. Assessment of global nuclear environ-
ment. 
Sec. 1644. Deadline for Milestone A decision on 
long-range standoff weapon. 
Sec. 1645. Availability of Air Force procurement 
funds for certain commercial off- the-shelf parts for interconti-nental ballistic missile fuzes. 
Sec. 1646. Sense of Congress on policy on the 
nuclear triad. 
Sec. 1647. Sense of Senate on the nuclear force 
improvement program of the Air Force. 
Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs 
Sec. 1651. Plan for expediting deployment time 
of continental United States inter-ceptor site. 
Sec. 1652. Additional missile defense sensor cov-
erage for the protection of the United States homeland. 
Sec. 1653. Air defense capability at North At-
lantic Treaty Organization missile defense sites. 
Sec. 1654. Availability of funds for Iron Dome 
short-range rocket defense system. 
Sec. 1655. Israeli cooperative missile defense 
program codevelopment and po-tential coproduction. 
Sec. 1656. Development and deployment of mul-
tiple-object kill vehicle for missile defense of the United States homeland. Sec. 1657. Requirement to replace capability en-
hancement I exoatmospheric kill vehicles. 
Sec. 1658. Airborne boost phase defense system. Sec. 1659. Extension of limitation on providing 
certain sensitive missile defense information to the Russian Fed-eration. 
Sec. 1660. Extension of requirement for Comp-
troller General of the United States review and assessment of missile defense acquisition pro-grams. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
Sec. 1671. Measures in response to violations of 
the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty by the Russian Federation. 
Sec. 1672. Modification of notification and as-
sessment of proposal to modify or introduce new aircraft or sensors for flight by the Russian Federa-tion under the Open Skies Treaty. 
Sec. 1673. Milestone A decision for the Conven-
tional Prompt Global Strike Weapons System. 
Sec. 1674. Sense of Congress on maintaining 
and enhancing military intel-ligence support to force protection for installations, facilities, and personnel of the Department of Defense. 
DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 2001. Short title. 
Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and 
amounts required to be specified by law. 
TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2101. Authorized army construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2104. Authorization of appropriations, 
Army. 
Sec. 2105. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2013 project. 
Sec. 2106. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2107. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
Sec. 2108. Additional authority to carry out cer-
tain fiscal year 2016 project. 
Sec. 2109. Limitation on construction of new fa-
cilities at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, 
Navy. 
Sec. 2205. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2206. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction 
and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family 
housing units. 
Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air 
Force. 
Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2010 project. 
Sec. 2306. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2014 project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4364 June 22, 2015 
Sec. 2307. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2015 project. 
Sec. 2308. Extension of authorization of certain 
fiscal year 2012 project. 
Sec. 2309. Extension of authorization of certain 
fiscal year 2013 project. 
TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 2401. Authorized Defense Agencies con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2402. Authorized energy conservation 
projects. 
Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, De-
fense Agencies. 
Sec. 2404. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2012 project. 
Sec. 2405. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2406. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
Sec. 2407. Modification and extension of au-
thority to carry out certain fiscal year 2014 project. 
TITLE XXV—NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY 
ORGANIZATION SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM 
Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and 
land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, 
NATO. 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE 
FORCES FACILITIES 
Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and 
Authorization of Appropriations 
Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard 
construction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve construc-
tion and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine 
Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve con-
struction and land acquisition projects. 
Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, Na-
tional Guard and Reserve. 
Subtitle B—Others Matters 
Sec. 2611. Modification and extension of au-
thority to carry out certain fiscal year 2013 project. 
Sec. 2612. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2015 projects. 
Sec. 2613. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2012 projects. 
Sec. 2614. Extension of authorizations of cer-
tain fiscal year 2013 projects. 
TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND 
CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for 
base realignment and closure ac-tivities funded through Depart-ment of Defense base closure ac-count. 
Sec. 2702. Prohibition on conducting additional 
base realignment and closure (BRAC) round. 
TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and 
Military Family Housing Changes 
Sec. 2801. Authority for acceptance and use of 
contributions for certain mutually beneficial projects. 
Sec. 2802. Change in authorities relating to 
scope of work variations for mili-tary construction projects. Sec. 2803. Extension of temporary, limited au-
thority to use operation and maintenance funds for construc-tion projects outside the United States. 
Sec. 2804. Modification of reporting requirement 
on in-kind construction and ren-ovation payments. 
Sec. 2805. Lab modernization pilot program. Sec. 2806. Conveyance to Indian tribes of cer-
tain housing units. 
Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities 
Administration 
Sec. 2811. Utility system conveyance authority. 
Sec. 2812. Leasing of non-excess property of 
military departments and Defense Agencies; treatment of value pro-vided by local education agencies and elementary and secondary schools. 
Sec. 2813. Modification of facility repair notifi-
cation requirement. 
Sec. 2814. Increase of threshold of notice and 
wait requirement for certain fa-cilities for reserve components and parity with authority for unspec-ified minor military construction and repair projects. 
Sec. 2815. Sense of Congress on coordination of 
hunting, fishing, and other rec-reational activities on military land. 
Sec. 2816. Exemption of Army off-site use and 
off-site removal only non-mobile properties from certain excess property disposal requirements. 
Subtitle C—Land Conveyances 
Sec. 2821. Release of reversionary interest re-
tained as part of conveyance to the Economic Development Alli-ance of Jefferson County, Arkan-sas. 
Sec. 2822. Land exchange, Navy Outlying 
Landing Field, Naval Air Station, Whiting Field, Florida. 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—National Security Programs 
Authorizations 
Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Adminis-
tration. 
Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. 
Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
Sec. 3111. Responsive capabilities program. 
Sec. 3112. Long-term plan for meeting national 
security requirements for unencumbered uranium. 
Sec. 3113. Defense nuclear nonproliferation 
management plan. 
Sec. 3114. Plan for deactivation and decommis-
sioning of nonoperational defense nuclear facilities. 
Sec. 3115. Hanford Waste Treatment and Immo-
bilization Plant contract over-sight. 
Sec. 3116. Assessment of emergency prepared-
ness of defense nuclear facilities. 
Sec. 3117. Laboratory- and facility-directed re-
search and development pro-grams. 
Sec. 3118. Limitation on bonuses for employees 
of the National Nuclear Security Administration who engage in im-proper program management. 
Sec. 3119. Modification of authorized personnel 
levels of the Office of the Admin-istrator for Nuclear Security. 
Sec. 3120. Modification of submission of assess-
ments of certain budget requests relating to the nuclear weapons stockpile. Sec. 3121. Repeal of phase three review of cer-
tain defense environmental clean-up projects. 
Sec. 3122. Modifications to cost-benefit analyses 
for competition of management and operating contracts. 
Sec. 3123. Review of implementation of rec-
ommendations of the Congres-sional Advisory Panel on the Gov-ernance of the Nuclear Security Enterprise. 
TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR 
FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
Sec. 3201. Authorization. 
TITLE XXXV—MARITIME 
ADMINISTRATION 
Sec. 3501. Cadet commitment agreements. 
Sec. 3502. Student incentive payment agree-
ments. 
Sec. 3503. Federal Unemployment Tax Act. Sec. 3504. Short sea transportation defined. Sec. 3505. Authorization of appropriations for 
national security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal years 2016 and 2017. 
DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in funding 
tables. 
Sec. 4002. Clarification of applicability of un-
distributed reductions of certain operation and maintenance fund-ing among all operation and maintenance funding. 
TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
Sec. 4101. Procurement. 
Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contingency 
operations. 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation. 
Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and 
evaluation for overseas contin-gency operations. 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. 
Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for over-
seas contingency operations. 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
Sec. 4401. Military personnel. 
Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas con-
tingency operations. 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. 
Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas 
contingency operations. 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
Sec. 4601. Military construction. 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national secu-
rity programs. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense 
committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF THIS ACT. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the pur-
poses of complying with the Statutory Pay-As- You-Go Act of 2010, shall be determined by ref-erence to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation’’ for this Act, jointly submitted for printing in the Congres-sional Record by the Chairmen of the House and Senate Budget Committees, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage in the House acting first on the con-ference report or amendment between the Houses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4365 June 22, 2015 
DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE I—PROCUREMENT 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activities, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4101. 
Subtitle B—Navy Programs 
SEC. 111. AMENDMENT TO COST LIMITATION 
BASELINE FOR CVN–78 CLASS AIR-CRAFT CARRIER PROGRAM. 
Section 122(a)(2) of the John Warner National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104), as amended by section 121(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 691), is further amended by striking ‘‘$11,498,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$11,398,000,000’’. 
SEC. 112. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR USS JOHN F. KENNEDY (CVN–79). 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for procurement for the USS JOHN F. KENNEDY (CVN–79), $100,000,000 may not be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of the Navy submits to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and of the House of Rep-resentatives the certification required under subsection (b) and the reports required under subsection (c) and (d). 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION REGARDING FULL SHIP 
SHOCK TRIALS .—The Secretary of the Navy shall 
submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a certification that the Navy will conduct by not later than September 30, 2017, full ship shock trials on the USS GERALD R. FORD (CVN–78). 
(c) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Navy shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report that evaluates cost issues related to the USS JOHN F. KEN-NEDY (CVN–79) and the USS ENTERPRISE (CVN–80). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) Options to achieve ship end cost of no 
more than $10,000,000,000. 
(B) Options to freeze the design of CVN–79 for 
CVN–80, with exceptions only for changes due to full ship shock trials or other significant test and evaluation results. 
(C) Options to reduce the plans cost for CVN– 
80 to less than 50 percent of the CVN–79 plans cost. 
(D) Options to transition all non-nuclear gov-
ernment furnished equipment, including launch and arresting equipment, to contractor fur-nished equipment. 
(E) Options to build the ships at the most eco-
nomic pace, such as four years between ships. 
(F) A business case analysis for the Enterprise 
Air Search Radar modification to CVN–79 and CVN–80. 
(G) A business case analysis for the two-phase 
CVN–79 delivery proposal and impact on fleet deployments. 
(d) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 2016, 
the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report on po-tential requirements, capabilities, and alter-natives for future development of aircraft car-riers that would replace or supplement the CVN– 78 class aircraft carrier. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A description of fleet, sea-based tactical 
aviation capability requirements for a range of operational scenarios beginning in the 2025 timeframe. 
(B) A description of alternative aircraft car-
rier designs that meet the requirements described under subparagraph (A). 
(C) A description of nuclear and non-nuclear 
propulsion options. 
(D) A description of tonnage options ranging 
from less than 20,000 tons to greater than 100,000 tons. 
(E) Requirements for unmanned systems inte-
gration from inception. 
(F) Developmental, procurement, and lifecycle 
cost assessment of alternatives. 
(G) A notional acquisition strategy for devel-
opment and construction of alternatives. 
(H) A description of shipbuilding industrial 
base considerations and a plan to ensure oppor-tunity for competition among alternatives. 
(I) A description of funding and timing con-
siderations related to developing the Annual Long-Range Plan for Construction of Naval Vessels required under section 231 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 113. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR USS ENTERPRISE (CVN– 80). 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for advance pro-curement for the USS ENTERPRISE (CVN–80), $191,400,000 may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Navy submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives the certification required under subsection (b) and the report re-quired under subsection (c). 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION REGARDING CVN–80 D E-
SIGN.—The Secretary of the Navy shall submit to 
the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a certification that the design of CVN–80 will repeat that of CVN–79, with modifications only for significant test and evaluation results or significant cost re-duction initiatives that still meet threshold re-quirements. 
(c) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Navy shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that details the plans costs related to the USS ENTERPRISE (CVN–80). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments, reported by total cost and cost by fiscal year, with a detailed description and a justifica-tion for why each cost is recurring and attrib-utable to CVN–80: 
(A) Overall plans. (B) Propulsion plant detail design. (C) Platform detail design. (D) Lead yard services and hull planning 
yard. 
(E) Platform detail design (Steam and Electric 
Plant Planning Yard). 
(F) Other. 
SEC. 114. MODIFICATION OF CVN–78 CLASS AIR-
CRAFT CARRIER PROGRAM. 
Subsection (f) of section 122 of the John War-
ner National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104), as added by section 121(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 692), is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(3)(A) As part of the report required under 
paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Navy shall include a description of new design and engi-neering changes to CVN–78 class aircraft car-riers if applicable. 
‘‘(B) The additional reporting requirement in 
subparagraph (A) shall include, with respect to CVN–78 class aircraft carriers in each reporting period— ‘‘(i) any design or engineering change with an 
associated cost greater than $5,000,000; 
‘‘(ii) program or ship cost increases for each 
design or engineering change identified in sub-paragraph (A); and 
‘‘(iii) cost reduction achieved. ‘‘(C) The Secretary of the Navy and Chief of 
Naval Operations shall each personally sign (not autopen) the additional reporting require-ment in subparagraph (A). This certification may not be delegated. The certification shall in-clude a determination that each change— 
‘‘(i) serves the national security interests of 
the United States; 
‘‘(ii) cannot be deferred to a future ship due 
to operational necessity, safety, or substantial cost reduction that still meets threshold require-ments; and 
‘‘(iii) was personally reviewed and endorsed 
by the Secretary of the Navy and Chief of Naval Operations.’’. 
SEC. 115. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research and development, design, construction, procurement or advanced procure-ment of materials for the Littoral Combat Ships designated as LCS 33 or subsequent, not more than 25 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Navy submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives each of the fol-lowing: 
(1) A Capabilities Based Assessment to assess 
capability gaps and associated capability re-quirements and risks for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship, which is proposed to commence with LCS 33. This assessment shall conform with the Joint Capabilities Integration and Develop-ment System, including Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Instruction 3170.01H. 
(2) A certification that the Joint Requirements 
Oversight Council has validated an updated Ca-pabilities Development Document for the up-graded Littoral Combat Ship. 
(3) A report describing the upgraded Littoral 
Combat Ship modernization, which shall, at a minimum, include the following elements: 
(A) A description of capabilities that the LCS 
program delivers, and a description of how these relate to the characteristics of the future joint force identified in the Capstone Concept for Joint Operations, concept of operations, and in-tegrated architecture documents. 
(B) A summary of analyses and studies con-
ducted on LCS modernization. 
(C) A concept of operations for LCS mod-
ernization ships at the operational level and tactical level describing how they integrate and synchronize with joint and combined forces to achieve the Joint Force Commander’s intent. 
(D) A description of threat systems of poten-
tial adversaries that are projected or assessed to reach initial operational capability within 15 years against which the lethality and surviv-ability of the LCS should be determined. 
(E) A plan and timeline for LCS moderniza-
tion program execution. 
(F) A description of system capabilities re-
quired for LCS modernization, including key performance parameters and key system at-tributes. 
(G) A plan for family of systems or systems of 
systems synchronization. 
(H) A plan for information technology and 
national security systems supportability. 
(I) A plan for intelligence supportability. 
(J) A plan for electromagnetic environmental 
effects (E3) and spectrum supportability. 
(K) A description of assets required to achieve 
initial operational capability (IOC) of an LCS modernization increment. 
(L) A schedule and initial operational capa-
bility and full operational capability definitions. 
(M) A description of doctrine, organization, 
training, materiel, leadership, education, per-sonnel, facilities, and policy considerations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4366 June 22, 2015 
(N) A description of other system attributes. 
(4) A plan for future periodic combat systems 
upgrades, which are necessary to ensure rel-evant capability throughout the Littoral Combat Ship or Frigate class service lives, using the process described in paragraph (3). 
SEC. 116. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF LIM-
ITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP. 
Section 124(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 693), as amended by section 123 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3314), is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘this Act, the Carl Levin and 
Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, or other-wise made available for fiscal years 2014 or 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, or otherwise made available for fiscal years 2014, 2015, or 2016’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(6) A Littoral Combat Ship seaframe acquisi-
tion strategy for the Littoral Combat Ships des-ignated as LCS 25 through LCS 32, including upgrades to be installed on these ships that were identified for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship, which is proposed to commence with LCS 33. 
‘‘(7) A Littoral Combat Ship mission module 
acquisition strategy to reach the total acquisi-tion quantity of each mission module. 
‘‘(8) A cost and schedule plan to outfit Flight 
0 and Flight 0+ Littoral Combat Ships with ca-pabilities identified for the upgraded Littoral Combat Ship. 
‘‘(9) A current Test and Evaluation Master 
Plan for the Littoral Combat Ship Mission Mod-ules, approved by the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, which includes the per-formance levels expected to be demonstrated during developmental testing for each compo-nent and mission module prior to commencing the associated operational test phase.’’. 
SEC. 117. CONSTRUCTION OF ADDITIONAL 
ARLEIGH BURKE DESTROYER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy 
may enter into a contract beginning with the fiscal year 2016 program year for the procure-ment of one Arleigh Burke class destroyer in ad-dition to the ten DDG–51s in the fiscal year 2013 through 2017 multiyear procurement contract or for one DDG–51 in fiscal year 2018. The Sec-retary may employ incremental funding for such procurement. 
(b) C
ONDITION ON OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—A contract entered into under sub-
section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under such contract for any fiscal year after fiscal year 2016 is subject to the availability of appro-priations for that purpose for such fiscal year. 
SEC. 118. FLEET REPLENISHMENT OILER PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) C ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of 
the Navy may enter into one or more contracts to procure up to six Fleet Replenishment Oilers. Such procurements may also include advance procurement for Economic Order Quantity (EOQ) and long lead time materials, beginning with the lead ship, commencing not earlier than fiscal year 2016. 
(b) L
IABILITY .—Any contract entered into 
under subsection (a) shall provide that any obli-gation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose, and that total liability to the government for termination of any contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at the time of termination. SEC. 119. REPORTING REQUIREMENT FOR OHIO- 
CLASS REPLACEMENT SUBMARINE PROGRAM. 
The Secretary of Defense shall include in the 
budget justification materials for the Ohio-class replacement submarine program submitted to Congress in support of the Department of De-fense budget for that fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a report including the following elements, described in terms of both fiscal 2010 and current fiscal year dollars: 
(1) Lead ship end cost (with plans). (2) Lead ship end cost (less plans). (3) Lead ship non-recurring engineering cost. 
(4) Average follow-on ship cost. (5) Average operations and sustainment cost 
per hull per year. 
(6) Office of the Under Secretary of Defense 
for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics aver-age follow-on ship affordability target. 
(7) Office of the Under Secretary of Defense 
for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics oper-ations and sustainment cost per hull per year affordability target. 
SEC. 120. STATIONING OF C–130 H AIRCRAFT AVI-
ONICS PREVIOUSLY MODIFIED BY THE AVIONICS MODERNIZATION PROGRAM (AMP) IN SUPPORT OF DAILY TRAINING AND CONTINGENCY REQUIREMENTS FOR AIRBORNE AND SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall station 
aircraft previously modified by the C–130 Avi-onics Modernization Program (AMP) to support United States Army Airborne and United States Army Special Operations Command daily train-ing and contingency requirements in fiscal year 2017, and such aircraft shall not be required to deploy in the normal rotation of C–130 H units. The Secretary shall provide such personnel as required to maintain and operate the aircraft. 
Subtitle C—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 131. LIMITATIONS ON RETIREMENT OF B–1, 
B–2, AND B–52 BOMBER AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), no B–1, B–2, or B–52 bomber aircraft may be retired during a fiscal year prior to ini-tial operational capability (IOC) of the LRS–B unless the Secretary of Defense certifies, in the materials submitted in support of the budget of the President for that fiscal year (as submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code), that— 
(1) the retirement of the aircraft is required to 
reallocate funding and manpower resources to enable LRS–B to reach IOC and full operational capability (FOC); and 
(2) the Secretary has concluded that retire-
ments of B–1, B–2, and B–52 bomber aircraft in the near-term will not detrimentally affect oper-ational capability. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—A certification described in 
sub-section (a) is not required with respect to the retirement of B–1 bomber aircraft carried out in accordance with section 132(c)(2) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1320). 
SEC. 132. LIMITATION ON RETIREMENT OF AIR 
FORCE FIGHTER AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—Section 8062 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) I
NVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—(1) Effective 
October 1, 2015, the Secretary of the Air Force shall maintain a total aircraft inventory of fighter aircraft of not less than 1,950 aircraft, and a total primary mission aircraft inventory (combat-coded) of not less than 1,116 fighter air-craft. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘fighter aircraft’ means an air-
craft that— 
‘‘(i) is designated by a mission design series 
prefix of F– or A–; 
‘‘(ii) is manned by one or two crewmembers; 
and ‘‘(iii) executes single-role or multi-role mis-
sions, including air-to-air combat, air-to-ground attack, air interdiction, suppression or destruc-tion of enemy air defenses, close air support, strike control and reconnaissance, combat search and rescue support, or airborne forward air control. 
‘‘(B) The term ‘primary mission aircraft in-
ventory’ means aircraft assigned to meet the pri-mary aircraft authorization to a unit for the performance of its wartime mission.’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON RETIREMENT OF AIRFORCE 
FIGHTER AIRCRAFT .— 
(1) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of the Air 
Force may not proceed with a decision to retire fighter aircraft in any number that would re-duce the total number of such aircraft in the Air Force total active inventory (TAI) below 1,950, and shall maintain a minimum of 1,116 fighter aircraft designated as primary mission aircraft inventory (PMAI). 
(2) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON RETIREMENT  
OF FIGHTER AIRCRAFT .—The Secretary of the Air 
Force may not retire fighter aircraft from the total active inventory as of the date of the en-actment of this Act until the later of the fol-lowing: 
(A) The date that is 30 days after the date on 
which the Secretary submits the report required under paragraph (3). 
(B) The date that is 30 days after the date on 
which the Secretary certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that— 
(i) the retirement of such fighter aircraft will 
not increase the operational risk of meeting the National Defense Strategy; and 
(ii) the retirement of such aircraft will not re-
duce the total fighter force structure below 1,950 fighter aircraft or the primary mission aircraft inventory below 1,116. 
(3) R
EPORT ON RETIREMENT OF AIRCRAFT .— 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: 
(A) The rationale for the retirement of existing 
fighter aircraft and an operational analysis of replacement fighter aircraft that demonstrates performance of the designated mission at an equal or greater level of effectiveness as the re-tiring aircraft. 
(B) An assessment of the implications for the 
Air Force, the Air National Guard, and the Air Force Reserve of the force mix ratio of fighter aircraft. 
(C) Such other matters relating to the retire-
ment of fighter aircraft as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. 
(c) R
EPORTS ON FIGHTER AIRCRAFT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At least 90 days before the 
date on which a fighter aircraft is retired, the Secretary of the Air Force, in consultation with (where applicable) the Director of the Air Na-tional Guard or Chief of the Air Force Reserve, shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the proposed force structure and basing of fighter aircraft. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) A list of each aircraft in the inventory of 
fighter aircraft, including for each such air-craft— 
(i) the mission design series type; (ii) the variant; and (iii) the assigned unit and military installa-
tion where such aircraft is based. 
(B) A list of each fighter aircraft proposed for 
retirement, including for each such aircraft— 
(i) the mission design series type; (ii) the variant; and (iii) the assigned unit and military installa-
tion where such aircraft is based. 
(C) A list of each unit affected by a proposed 
retirement listed under subparagraph (B) and a description of how such unit is affected. 
(D) For each military installation and unit 
listed under subparagraph (B)(iii), a description of changes, if any, to the designed operational 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4367 June 22, 2015 
capability (DOC) statement of the unit as a re-
sult of a proposed retirement. 
(E) A description of any anticipated changes 
in manpower authorizations as a result of a pro-posed retirement listed under subparagraph (B). 
(d) F
IGHTER AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘fighter aircraft’’ has the mean-ing given the term in subsection (i)(2)(A) of sec-tion 8062 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. 
SEC. 133. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR F–35A AIRCRAFT PRO-CUREMENT. 
Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for aircraft procurement, Air Force, not more than $4,285,000,000 may be made avail-able for the procurement of F–35A aircraft until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that F–35A aircraft delivered in fiscal year 2018 will have full com-bat capability as currently planned with Block 3F hardware, software, and weapons carriage. 
SEC. 134. PROHIBITION ON RETIREMENT OF A–10 
AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 
FORRETIREMENT .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status any A–10 air-craft. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON RETIRE -
MENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to the limitation 
in subsection (a), during the period before De-cember 31, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup flying status any A–10 air-craft. 
(2) M
INIMUM INVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—The 
Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure the Air Force maintains a minimum of 171 A–10 aircraft designated as primary mission aircraft inventory (PMAI). 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 
FORSIGNIFICANT REDUCTIONS IN MANNING LEV-
ELS.—None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be ob-ligated or expended to make significant reduc-tions to manning levels with respect to any A– 10 aircraft squadrons or divisions. 
(d) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON SIGNIFICANT  
REDUCTIONS IN MANNING LEVELS .—In addition 
to the limitation in subsection (c), during the period before December 31, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force may not make significant reduc-tions to manning levels with respect to any A– 10 aircraft squadrons or divisions. 
(e) S
TUDY ON REPLACEMENT CAPABILITY RE-
QUIREMENTS OR MISSION PLATFORM FOR THE A– 
10 A IRCRAFT .— 
(1) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air 
Force shall commission an appropriate entity outside the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the required capabilities or mission platform to replace the A–10 aircraft. This assessment would represent preparatory work to inform an analysis of alternatives. 
(B) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
under subparagraph (A) shall include each of the following: 
(i) Future needs analysis for the current A–10 
aircraft mission set to include troops-in-contact/ close air support, air interdiction, strike control and reconnaissance, and combat search and res-cue support in both contested and uncontested battle environments. At a minimum, the needs analysis should specifically address the fol-lowing areas: 
(I) The ability to safely and effectively con-
duct troops-in-contact/danger close missions or missions in close proximity to civilians in the presence of the air defenses found with enemy ground maneuver units. (II) The ability to effectively target and de-
stroy moving, camouflaged, or dug-in troops, ar-tillery, armor, and armored personnel carriers. 
(III) The ability to remain within visual range 
of friendly forces and targets to facilitate re-sponsiveness to ground forces and minimize re- attack times. 
(IV) The ability to safely conduct close air 
support beneath low cloud ceilings and in re-duced visibilities at low airspeeds in the pres-ence of the air defenses found with enemy ground maneuver units. 
(V) The capability to enable the pilot and air-
craft to survive attacks stemming from small arms, machine guns, MANPADs, and lower cal-iber anti-aircraft artillery organic or attached to enemy ground forces and maneuver units. 
(VI) The ability to communicate effectively 
with ground forces and downed pilots, including in communications jamming or satellite-denied environments. 
(VII) The ability to execute the missions de-
scribed in subclauses (I), (II), (III), and (IV) in a GPS- or satellite-denied environment with or without sensors. 
(VIII) The ability to deliver multiple lethal fir-
ing passes and sustain long loiter endurance to support friendly forces throughout extended ground engagements. 
(IX) The ability to operate from unprepared 
dirt, grass, and narrow road runways and to generate high sortie rates under these austere conditions. 
(ii) Identification and assessment of gaps in 
the ability of existing and programmed mission platforms in providing required capabilities to conduct missions specified in clause (i) in both contested and uncontested battle environments. 
(iii) Assessment of operational effectiveness of 
existing and programmed mission platforms to conduct missions specified in clause (i) in both contested and uncontested battle environments. 
(iv) Assessment of probability of likelihood of 
conducting missions requiring troops-in-contact/ close air support operations specified in clause (i) in contested environments as compared to uncontested environments. 
(v) Any other matters the independent entity 
or the Secretary of the Air Force determines to be appropriate. 
(2) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 
2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the assessment required under paragraph (1). 
(B) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
paragraph (A) may be submitted in classified form, but shall also contain an unclassified ex-ecutive summary and may contain an unclassi-fied annex. 
(3) N
ONDUPLICATION OF EFFORT .—If any in-
formation required under paragraph (1) has been included in another report or notification previously submitted to Congress by law, the Secretary of the Air Force may provide a list of such reports and notifications at the time of submitting the report required under paragraph (2) in lieu of including such information in the report required under paragraph (2). 
SEC. 135. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF EC– 130H COMPASS CALL AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON RETIREMENT .—None of 
the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or ex-pended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or backup aircraft inventory status any EC–130H Compass Call aircraft. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON RETIREMENT  
OFEC–130 HCOMPASS CALLAIRCRAFT .—In addi-
tion to the limitation in subsection (a), during the period preceding December 31, 2016, the Sec-retary of the Air Force may not retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup flying status any EC–130H Compass Call aircraft. 
(c) R
EPORT ON RETIREMENT OF EC–130 HCOM-
PASS CALLAIRCRAFT .—Not later than September 30, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall 
submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: 
(1) The rationale for the retirement of existing 
EC–130H Compass Call aircraft, including an operational analysis of the impact of such re-tirements on combatant commander warfighting requirements. 
(2) A plan for how the Air Force will fulfill 
the capability requirement of the EC–130H mis-sion, transition the mission capabilities of the EC–130H into a replacement platform, or inte-grate the required capabilities into other mission platforms. 
(3) Such other matters relating to the required 
mission capabilities and transition of the EC– 130H Compass Call fleet as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. 
SEC. 136. LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF C–130 
AIRCRAFT. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be ob-ligated or expended to transfer from one facility of the Department of Defense to another any C– 130H aircraft, initiate any C–130 manpower au-thorization adjustments, retire or prepare to re-tire any C–130H aircraft, or close any C–130H unit until 90 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force, in consultation with the Secretary of the Army, and after certifi-cation by the commanders of the XVIII Airborne Corps, 82nd Airborne Division and United States Army Special Operations Command, certifies to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and of the House of Representatives that— 
(1) the United States Air Force will maintain 
dedicated C–130 wings to support the daily training and contingency requirements of the XVIII Airborne Corps, 82nd Airborne Division, and United States Army Special Operations Command at manning levels required to support and operate the number of aircraft that existed as part of regular and reserve Air Force oper-ations in support of such units as of September 30, 2014; and 
(2) failure to maintain such Air Force oper-
ations will not adversely impact the daily train-ing requirement of those airborne and special operations units. 
SEC. 137. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR T– 
1A JAYHAWK AIRCRAFT. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-
priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for avionics modification to the T–1A Jayhawk aircraft may be obligated or expended until 30 days after the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense committees the report required under section 142 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3320). 
SEC. 138. RESTRICTION ON RETIREMENT OF THE 
JOINT SURVEILLANCE TARGET AT-TACK RADAR SYSTEM (JSTARS), EC– 130H COMPASS CALL, AND AIRBORNE EARLY WARNING AND CONTROL (AWACS) AIRCRAFT. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may not retire 
any operational Joint Surveillance Target At-tack Radar System (JSTARS), EC–130H Compass Call, or Airborne Early Warning and Control (AWACS) aircraft until the follow-on replace-ment aircraft program enters Low-Rate Initial Production. 
SEC. 139. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE 
OCONUS BASING OF THE F–35A AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the Depart-
ment of Defense is continuing its process of per-manently stationing the F–35 aircraft at instal-lations in the Continental United States (in this section referred to as ‘‘CONUS’’) and forward- basing Outside the Continental United States (in this section referred to as ‘‘OCONUS’’). 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4368 June 22, 2015 
the strategic basing process for the F–35A air-
craft, should continue to consider the benefits derived from sites that— 
(1) are capable of hosting fighter-based bilat-
eral and multilateral training opportunities with international partners; 
(2) have sufficient airspace and range capa-
bilities and capacity to meet the training re-quirements; 
(3) have existing facilities to support per-
sonnel, operations, and logistics associated with the flying mission; 
(4) have limited encroachment that would ad-
versely impact training or operations; and 
(5) minimize the overall construction and 
operational costs. 
SEC. 140. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON F–16 ACTIVE 
ELECTRONICALLY SCANNED ARRAY (AESA) RADAR UPGRADE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) National Guard F–16 aircraft are pro-
tecting the United States from terrorist air at-tack from inside or outside the contiguous United States 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. 
(2) These aircraft, stationed throughout the 
United States, are tasked with the zero-fail mis-sion of guarding and securing United States air-space. 
(3) The United States is facing an increased 
threat from both state and non-state actors. 
(4) The National Guard F–16 aircraft per-
forming the Aerospace Control Alert (ACA) mis-sion are operating legacy radar systems. 
(5) Air Force Chief of Staff General Mark 
Welsh testified to Congress in March 2015, stat-ing, ‘‘We need to develop an AESA radar plan for our F–16s who are conducting the homeland defense mission in particular.’’ 
(6) First Air Force, United States Northern 
Command, issued a Joint Urgent Operational Need (JUON) request in March 2015 for radar upgrades to its F–16 fleet. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) it is essential to our Nation’s defense that 
Air Force aircraft modification funding is made available to purchase these Active Electronically Scanned Array (AESA) radars as the United States Air Force bridges the gap between 4th and 5th generation fighters; 
(2) the United States Government must invest 
in radar upgrades which ensure that 4th gen-eration aircraft succeed at this zero-fail mission; and 
(3) the First Air Force JUON request should be 
met as soon as possible. 
Subtitle D—Defense-wide, Joint, and 
Multiservice Matters 
SEC. 151. REPORT ON ARMY AND MARINE CORPS 
MODERNIZATION PLAN FOR SMALL ARMS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the plan of the Army and the Marine Corps to modernize small arms for the Army and the Marine Corps during the 15-year period beginning on the date of such plan, including the mechanisms to be used to promote competition among suppliers of small arms and small arms parts in achieving the plan. 
(b) S
MALL ARMS.—The small arms covered by 
the plan under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Pistols. (2) Carbines. (3) Rifles and automatic rifles. (4) Light machine guns. (5) Such other small arms as the Secretaries 
consider appropriate for purposes of the report required by subsection (a). 
(c) N
ON-STANDARD SMALL ARMS.—In addition 
to the arms specified in subsection (b), the plan under subsection (a) shall also address non- 
standard small arms not currently in the small arms inventory of the Army or the Marine Corps. 
Subtitle E—Army Programs 
SEC. 161. STRYKER LETHALITY UPGRADES. 
(a) A DDITIONAL AMOUNT FOR PROCUREMENT , 
ARMY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to be 
appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 101 for procurement is hereby increased by $314,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for procurement for the Army for Wheeled and Tracked Combat Vehicles for Stryker (mod) Lethality Upgrades. 
(2) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The amount 
available under paragraph (1) for procurement for Stryker (mod) Lethality Upgrades is in addi-tion to any other amounts available in this Act for procurement for the Army for Stryker (mod) Lethality Upgrades. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL AMOUNT FOR RDT&E, ARMY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to be 
appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 201 for research, development, test, and evaluation is hereby increased by $57,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for re-search, development, test, and evaluation for the Army for the Combat Vehicle Improvement Program for Stryker Lethality Upgrades. 
(2) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The amount 
available under paragraph (1) for research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation for Stryker Lethality Upgrades is in addition to any other amounts available in this Act for research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation for the Army for Stryker Lethality Upgrades. 
(c) O
FFSET .—The aggregate amount author-
ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by division A is hereby reduced by $371,000,000, with the amount of the reduction to be achieved through anticipated foreign currency gains in addition to any other anticipated foreign cur-rency gains specified in the funding tables in di-vision D. 
TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the De-partment of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation as specified in the funding table in section 4201. 
Subtitle B—Program Requirements, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 211. CENTERS FOR SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, 
AND ENGINEERING PARTNERSHIP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2367 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2368. Centers for Science, Technology, and 
Engineering Partnership 
‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION .—(1) The Secretary of De-
fense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall designate each science and technology reinvention laboratory as a Center for Science, Technology, and Engi-neering Partnership in the recognized core com-petencies of the designee. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense shall establish a 
policy to encourage the Secretary of each mili-tary department to reengineer management and business processes and adopt best-business and personnel practices at their Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership in connection with their core competency require-ments, so as to serve as recognized leaders in their core competencies throughout the Depart-ment of Defense and in the national technology and industrial base (as defined in section 2500 of this title). 
‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense, acting through 
the directors of the Centers for Science, Tech-nology, and Engineering Partnership, may con-duct one or more pilot programs, consistent with 
applicable requirements of law, to test any prac-tices referred to in paragraph (2) that the Direc-tors determine could— 
‘‘(A) improve the efficiency and effectiveness 
of operations at Centers for Science, Tech-nology, and Engineering Partnership; 
‘‘(B) improve the support provided by the Cen-
ters for the Department of Defense users of the services of the Centers; and 
‘‘(C) enhance capabilities by reducing the cost 
and improving the performance and efficiency of executing laboratory missions. 
‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘science and 
technology reinvention laboratory’ means a science and technology reinvention laboratory designated under section 1105 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
‘‘(b) P
UBLIC -PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS .—(1) To 
achieve one or more objectives set forth in para-graph (2), the Secretary may authorize and es-tablish incentives for the Director of a Center for Science, Technology, and Engineering Part-nership to enter into public-private cooperative arrangements (in this section referred to as a ‘public-private partnership’) to provide for any of the following: 
‘‘(A) For employees of the Center, private in-
dustry, or other entities outside the Department of Defense to perform (under contract, sub-contract, or otherwise) work related to the core competencies of the Center, including any work that involves one or more core competencies of the Center. 
‘‘(B) For private industry or other entities 
outside the Department of Defense to use, for any period of time determined to be consistent with the needs of the Department of Defense, any facilities or equipment of the Center that are not fully used for Department of Defense ac-tivities. 
‘‘(2) The objectives for exercising the author-
ity provided in paragraph (1) are as follows: 
‘‘(A) To maximize the use of the capacity of a 
Center for Science, Technology, and Engineer-ing Partnership. 
‘‘(B) To reduce or eliminate the cost of owner-
ship and maintenance of a Center by the De-partment of Defense. 
‘‘(C) To reduce the cost of research and test-
ing activities of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(D) To leverage private sector investment 
in— 
‘‘(i) such efforts as research and equipment 
recapitalization for a Center; and 
‘‘(ii) the promotion of the undertaking of com-
mercial business ventures based on the core com-petencies of a Center, as determined by the di-rector of the Center. 
‘‘(E) To foster cooperation between the armed 
forces, academia, and private industry. 
‘‘(F) To increase access by a Center to a 
skilled technical workforce that can contribute to the effective and efficient execution of De-partment of Defense missions. 
‘‘(c) P
RIVATE SECTOR USE OF EXCESS CAPAC-
ITY.—Any facilities or equipment of a Center for 
Science, Technology, and Engineering Partner-ship made available to private industry may be used to perform research and testing activities in order to make more efficient and economical use of Government-owned facilities and encour-age the creation and preservation of jobs to en-sure the availability of a workforce with the necessary research and technical skills to meet the needs of the armed forces. 
‘‘(d) C
REDITING OF AMOUNTS FOR PERFORM -
ANCE.—Amounts received by a Center for 
Science, Technology, and Engineering Partner-ship for work performed under a public-private partnership may— 
‘‘(1) be credited to the appropriation or fund, 
including a working-capital fund, that incurs the cost of performing the work; or 
‘‘(2) be used by the Director of the Center as 
the Director considers appropriate and con-sistent with section 219 of the Duncan Hunter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4369 June 22, 2015 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
‘‘(e) A
VAILABILITY OF EXCESS EQUIPMENT TO  
PRIVATE -SECTOR PARTNERS .—Equipment or fa-
cilities of a Center for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership may be made available for use by a private-sector entity under this sec-tion only if— 
‘‘(1) the use of the equipment or facilities will 
not have a significant adverse effect on the per-formance of the Center or the ability of the Cen-ter to achieve its mission, as determined by the Director of the Center; and 
‘‘(2) the private-sector entity agrees— ‘‘(A) to reimburse the Department of Defense 
for the direct and indirect costs (including any rental costs) that are attributable to the entity’s use of the equipment or facilities, as determined by that Secretary; and 
‘‘(B) to hold harmless and indemnify the 
United States from— 
‘‘(i) any claim for damages or injury to any 
person or property arising out of the use of the equipment or facilities, except under the cir-cumstances described in section 2563(c)(3) of title 10, United States Code; and 
‘‘(ii) any liability or claim for damages or in-
jury to any person or property arising out of a decision by the Secretary to suspend or termi-nate that use of equipment or facilities during a war or national emergency. 
‘‘(f) C
ONSTRUCTION OF PROVISION .—Nothing 
in this section may be construed to authorize a change, otherwise prohibited by law, from the performance of work at a Center for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership by Department of Defense personnel to perform-ance by a contractor.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2367 the following new item: 
‘‘2368. Centers for Science, Technology, and En-
gineering Partnership.’’. 
SEC. 212. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TECH-
NOLOGY OFFSET PROGRAM TO BUILD AND MAINTAIN THE MILITARY TECHNOLOGICAL SUPERIORITY OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) P ROGRAM ESTABLISHED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish a technology offset program to build and maintain the military technological superiority of the United States by— 
(A) accelerating the fielding of offset tech-
nologies that would help counter technological advantages of potential adversaries of the United States, including directed energy, low- cost, high-speed munitions, autonomous sys-tems, undersea warfare, cyber technology, and intelligence data analytics, developed using De-partment of Defense research funding and ac-celerating the commercialization of such tech-nologies; and 
(B) developing and implementing new policies 
and acquisition and business practices. 
(2) G
UIDELINES .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall issue guidelines for the operation of the program, including— 
(A) criteria for an application for funding by 
a military department, defense agency, or a combatant command; 
(B) the purposes for which such a department, 
agency, or command may apply for funds and appropriate requirements for technology devel-opment or commercialization to be supported using program funds; 
(C) the priorities, if any, to be provided to 
field or commercialize offset technologies devel-oped by certain types of Department research funding; and 
(D) criteria for evaluation of an application 
for funding or changes to policies or acquisition and business practices by a department, agency, or command for purposes of the program. 
(b) D
EVELOPMENT OF DIRECTED ENERGY  
STRATEGY .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary, in consultation with such officials and third-party experts as the Secretary considers appropriate, shall develop a directed energy strategy to ensure that the United States di-rected energy technologies are being developed and deployed at an accelerated pace. 
(2) C
OMPONENTS OF STRATEGY .—The strategy 
required by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A technology roadmap for directed energy 
that can be used to manage and assess invest-ments and policies of the Department in this high priority technology area. 
(B) Proposals for legislative and administra-
tive action to improve the ability of the Depart-ment to develop and deploy technologies and ca-pabilities consistent with the directed energy strategy. 
(C) An approach to program management that 
is designed to accelerate operational prototyping of directed energy technologies and develop cost-effective, real-world military applications for such technologies. 
(3) B
IENNIAL REVISIONS .—Not less frequently 
than once every 2 years, the Secretary shall re-vise the strategy required by paragraph (1). 
(4) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—(A) Not later 
than 90 days after the date on which the Sec-retary completes the development of the strategy required by paragraph (1) and not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary com-pletes a revision to such strategy under para-graph (3), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a copy of such strategy. 
(B) The strategy submitted under subpara-
graph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(c) A
PPLICATIONS FOR FUNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Under the program, the Sec-
retary shall, not less frequently than annually, solicit from the heads of the military depart-ments, the defense agencies, and the combatant commands applications for funding to be used to enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, or other transaction agreements entered into pur-suant to section 845 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2371 note) with appropriate entities for the fielding or commercialization of technologies. 
(2) T
REATMENT PURSUANT TO CERTAIN CON -
GRESSIONAL RULES .—Nothing in this section 
shall be interpreted to require any official of the Department of Defense to provide funding under this section to any earmark as defined pursuant to House Rule XXI, clause 9, or any congres-sionally directed spending item as defined pur-suant to Senate Rule XLIV, paragraph 5. 
(d) F
UNDING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the availability of 
appropriations for such purpose, of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation, Defense-wide for fiscal year 2016, not more than $400,000,000 may be used for any such fiscal year for the program established under subsection (a). 
(2) A
MOUNT FOR DIRECTED ENERGY .—Of this 
amount, not more than $200,000,000 may be used for activities in the field of directed energy. 
(e) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may transfer 
funds available for the program to the research, development, test, and evaluation accounts of a military department, defense agency, or a com-batant command pursuant to an application, or any part of an application, that the Secretary determines would support the purposes of the program. 
(2) S
UPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT .—The transfer 
authority provided in this subsection is in addi-tion to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .— (1) I N GENERAL .—The authority to carry out a 
program under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2020. 
(2) T
RANSFER AFTER TERMINATION .—Any 
amounts made available for the program that re-main available for obligation on the date the program terminates may be transferred under subsection (e) during the 180-day period begin-ning on the date of the termination of the pro-gram. 
SEC. 213. REAUTHORIZATION OF DEFENSE RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT RAPID INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAM .—Section 1073 of 
the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2359a note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2015’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2020’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘September 
30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF GUIDELINES FOR OPER-
ATION OF PROGRAM .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion is amended— 
(1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(1) The issuance of an annual broad agency 
announcement or the use of any other competi-tive or merit-based processes by the Department of Defense for candidate proposals in support of defense acquisition programs as described in subsection (a).’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the second 
sentence; 
(3) in paragraph (4)— (A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘be fund-
ed under the program for more than two years’’ and inserting ‘‘receive more than a total of two years of funding under the program’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; and (4) by adding at the end, the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(5) Mechanisms to facilitate transition of fol-
low-on or current projects carried out under the program into defense acquisition programs, through the use of the authorities of section 819 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) or such other authorities as may be appropriate to conduct further testing, low rate production, or full rate production of tech-nologies developed under the program. 
‘‘(6) Projects are selected using merit based se-
lection procedures and the selection of projects is not subject to undue influence by Congress or other Federal agencies.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF REPORT REQUIREMENT .—Such 
section is further amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f). 
SEC. 214. REAUTHORIZATION OF GLOBAL RE-
SEARCH WATCH PROGRAM. 
Section 2365 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b), 
by inserting ‘‘and private sector persons’’ after ‘‘foreign nations’’ both places it appears; and 
(2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘September 
30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 215. SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY ACTIVITIES 
TO SUPPORT BUSINESS SYSTEMS IN-FORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACQUISI-TION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
acting through the Undersecretary of Acquisi-tion, Technology, and Logistics, the Deputy Chief Management Officer, and the Chief Infor-mation Officer shall establish a set of science, technology, and innovation activities to improve the acquisition outcomes of major automated in-formation systems through improved perform-ance and reduced developmental and life cycle costs. 
(b) E
XECUTION OF ACTIVITIES .—The activities 
established under subsection (a) shall be carried out by such military departments and defense agencies as the Under Secretary and the Deputy Chief Management Officer consider appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4370 June 22, 2015 
(c) A CTIVITIES .—The set of activities estab-
lished under subsection (a) may include the fol-lowing: 
(1) Development of capabilities in Department 
of Defense laboratories, test centers, and Feder-ally-funded research and development centers to provide technical support for acquisition pro-gram management and business process re-engi-neering activities. 
(2) Funding of intramural and extramural re-
search and development activities as described in subsection (d). 
(d) F
UNDING OF INTRAMURAL AND EXTRA -
MURAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the set of ac-
tivities required by subsection (a), the Secretary may award grants or contracts to eligible enti-ties to carry out intramural or extramural re-search and development in areas of interest de-scribed in paragraph (3). 
(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—For purposes of this 
subsection, an eligible entity includes the fol-lowing: 
(A) Entities in the defense industry. (B) Institutions of higher education. (C) Small businesses. (D) Nontraditional defense contractors (as de-
fined in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code). 
(E) Federally-funded research and develop-
ment centers, primarily for the purpose of im-proving technical expertise to support acquisi-tion efforts. 
(F) Nonprofit research institutions. (G) Government laboratories and test centers, 
primarily for the purpose of improving technical expertise to support acquisition efforts. 
(3) A
REAS OF INTEREST .—The areas of interest 
described in this paragraph are the following: 
(A) Management innovation, including per-
sonnel and financial management policy inno-vation. 
(B) Business process re-engineering. (C) Systems engineering of information tech-
nology business systems. 
(D) Cloud computing to support business sys-
tems and business processes. 
(E) Software development, including systems 
and techniques to limit unique interfaces and simplify processes to customize commercial soft-ware to meet the needs of the Department of De-fense. 
(F) Hardware development, including systems 
and techniques to limit unique interfaces and simplify processes to customize commercial hard-ware to meet the needs of the Department of De-fense. 
(G) Development of methodologies and tools to 
support development and operational test of large and complex business systems. 
(H) Analysis tools to allow decision makers to 
balance between requirements, costs, technical risks, and schedule in major automated informa-tion system acquisition programs 
(I) Information security in major automated 
information system systems. 
(J) Innovative acquisition policies and prac-
tices to streamline acquisition of information technology systems. 
(K) Such other areas as the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(e) P
RIORITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the set of ac-
tivities required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall give priority to— 
(A) projects that— (i) address the innovation and technology 
needs of the Department of Defense; and 
(ii) support activities of initiatives, programs 
and offices identified by the Under Secretary and Deputy Chief Management Officer; and 
(B) the projects and programs identified in 
paragraph (2). 
(2) P
ROJECTS AND PROGRAMS IDENTIFIED .—The 
projects and programs identified in this para-graph are the following: 
(A) Major automated information system pro-
grams. (B) Projects and programs under the oversight 
of the Deputy Chief Management Officer. 
(C) Projects and programs relating to defense 
procurement acquisition policy. 
(D) Projects and programs of the Defense Con-
tract Audit Agency. 
(E) Military and civilian personnel policy de-
velopment for information technology work-force. 
SEC. 216. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR FINAN-
CIAL ASSISTANCE UNDER DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE SCIENCE, MATH-EMATICS, AND RESEARCH FOR TRANSFORMATION PROGRAM TO IN-CLUDE CITIZENS OF COUNTRIES PARTICIPATING IN THE TECHNICAL COOPERATION PROGRAM. 
Section 2192a(b)(1)(A) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or a country the government of which is a party to The Tech-nical Cooperation Program (TTCP) memo-randum of understanding of October 24, 1995’’ after ‘‘United States’’. 
SEC. 217. STREAMLINING THE JOINT FEDERATED 
ASSURANCE CENTER. 
Section 937(c)(2) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘, in co-
ordination with the Center for Assured Software of the National Security Agency,’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘, in co-
ordination with the Defense Microelectronics Activity,’’. 
SEC. 218. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF THE SHALLOW WATER COMBAT SUBMERS-IBLE. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated in this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for Special Oper-ations Command for development of the Shallow Water Combat Submersible, not more than 25 percent may be obligated or expended until the date that is 15 days after the later of the date on which— 
(1) the Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-
sition, Technology, and Logistics designates a civilian official responsible for oversight and as-sistance to Special Operations Command for all undersea mobility programs; and 
(2) the Under Secretary, in coordination with 
the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict, submits to the congressional defense committees the re-port described in subsection (b). 
(b) R
EPORT DESCRIBED .—The report described 
in this subsection is a report on the Shallow Water Combat Submersible that includes the fol-lowing: 
(1) An analysis of the reasons for cost and 
schedule overruns associated with the Shallow Water Combat Submersible program. 
(2) A revised timeline for initial and full oper-
ational capability of the Shallow Water Combat Submersible. 
(3) The projected cost to meet the total unit 
acquisition objective. 
(4) A plan to prevent, identify, and mitigate 
any additional cost and schedule overruns. 
(5) A description of such opportunities as may 
be to recover cost or schedule. 
(6) A description of such lessons as the Under 
Secretary may have learned from the Shallow Water Combat Submersible program that could be applied to future undersea mobility acquisi-tion programs. 
(7) Such other matters as the Under Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
SEC. 219. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE ARMY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense by section 201 and avail-able for research, development, test, and evalua-tion, Army, for the distributed common ground system of the Army as specified in the funding tables in title XLII, not more than 75 percent 
may be obligated or expended until the Sec-retary of the Army— 
(1) conducts a review of the program planning 
for the distributed common ground system of the Army; and 
(2) submits to the appropriate congressional 
committees the report required by subsection (b)(1). 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall submit 
to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the review of the distributed common ground system of the Army conducted under subsection (a)(1). 
(2) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A review of the segmentation of Increment 
2 of the distributed common ground system pro-gram of the Army into discrete software compo-nents with the associated requirements of each component. 
(B) Identification of each component of Incre-
ment 2 of the distributed common ground system of the Army for which commercial software ex-ists that is capable of fulfilling most or all of the system requirements for each such component. 
(C) A cost analysis of each such commercial 
software that compares performance with pro-jected cost. 
(D) Determination of the degree to which com-
mercial software solutions are compliant with the standards required by the framework and guidance for the Intelligence Community Infor-mation Technology Enterprise, the Defense In-telligence Information Enterprise, and the Joint Information Environment. 
(E) Identification of each component of Incre-
ment 2 of the distributed common ground system of the Army that the Secretary determines may be acquired through competitive means. 
(F) An acquisition plan for Increment 2 of the 
distributed common ground system of the Army that prioritizes the acquisition of commercial software components, including a data integra-tion layer, in time to meet the projected deploy-ment schedule for Increment 2. 
(G) A review of the timetable for the distrib-
uted common ground system program of the Army in order to determine whether there is a practical, executable acquisition strategy, in-cluding the use of operational capability dem-onstrations, that could lead to an initial oper-ating capability of Increment 2 of the distrib-uted common ground system of the Army prior to fiscal year 2017. 
(c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the 
Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 220. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPERATIONS COM-MAND. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the amounts authorized 
to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense by section 201 and avail-able for research, development, test, and evalua-tion, Defense-wide, for the United States Special Operations Command for the distributed com-mon ground system, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the Com-mander of the United States Special Operations Command submits to the congressional defense committees the report required by subsection (b). 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—The Commander shall 
submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the distributed common ground sys-tem. Such report shall include the following: 
(1) A review of the segmentation of the distrib-
uted common ground system special operations forces program into discrete software compo-nents with the associated requirements of each component. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4371 June 22, 2015 
(2) Identification of each component of the 
distributed common ground system special oper-ations forces program for which commercial soft-ware exists that is capable of fulfilling most or all of the system requirements for each such component. 
(3) A cost analysis of each such commercial 
software that compares performance with pro-jected cost. 
(4) A determination of the degree to which 
commercial software solutions are compliant with the standards required by the framework and guidance for the Intelligence Community Information Technology Enterprise, the Defense Intelligence Information Enterprise, and the Joint Information Environment. 
(5) Identification of each component of the 
distributed common ground system special oper-ations forces program that the Commander de-termines may be acquired through competitive means. 
(6) An assessment of the extent to which ele-
ments of the distributed common ground system special operations forces program could be modi-fied to increase commercial acquisition opportu-nities. 
(7) An acquisition plan that leads to full oper-
ational capability prior to fiscal year 2019. 
Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 231. ASSESSMENT OF AIR-LAND MOBILE TAC-
TICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND DATA NETWORK REQUIREMENTS AND CA-PABILITIES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Director of 
Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, in consultation with the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, shall contract with an independent entity to conduct a comprehensive assessment of current and future requirements and capabilities of the Department of Defense with respect to an air-land ad hoc, mobile tac-tical communications, and data network, in-cluding the technological feasibility, suitability, and survivability of such a network. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required 
under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: 
(1) Concepts, capabilities, and capacities of 
current or future communications and data net-work systems to meet the requirements of cur-rent or future tactical operations effectively, ef-ficiently, and affordably. 
(2) Software requirements and capabilities, 
particularly with respect to communications and data network waveforms. 
(3) Hardware requirements and capabilities, 
particularly with respect to receiver/trans-mission technology, tactical communications, and data radios at all levels and on all plat-forms, all associated technologies, and their in-tegration, compatibility, and interoperability. 
(4) Any other matters that in the judgment of 
the independent entity are relevant or necessary to a comprehensive assessment of tactical net-works or networking. 
(c) I
NDEPENDENT ENTITY .—The Director of 
Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall select an independent entity with direct, long- standing, and demonstrated experience and ex-pertise in program test and evaluation of con-cepts, requirements, and technologies for joint tactical communications and data networking to perform the assessment under subsection (a). 
(d) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than April 
30, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense commitments a report including the findings and recommendations of the assessment conducted under subsection (a), together with the Secretary’s comments. 
(e) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—The Secretary of 
Defense shall use funds authorized by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide to carry out activities under this section. 
(f) L
IMITATION ON OBLIGATION OF FUNDS.— 
The Secretary of the Army may not obligate or expend more than 50 percent of the funds au-thorized by this Act or otherwise made available 
for fiscal year 2016 for Other Procurement, Army and available for the Warfighter Informa-tion Network—Tactical (Increment 2) until the Secretary of Defense submits the report required under subsection (d). 
SEC. 232. STUDY OF FIELD FAILURES INVOLVING 
COUNTERFEIT ELECTRONIC PARTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct a hardware assurance study to assess the presence, scope, and effect on Depart-ment of Defense operations of counterfeit elec-tronic parts that have passed through the De-partment supply chain and into field systems. 
(b) E
XECUTION AND TECHNICAL ANALYSIS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall direct 
the federation established under section 937(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) to coordinate execution of the study required by subsection (a) using capabili-ties of the Department in effect on the day be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act to conduct technical analysis on a sample of failed electronic parts in field systems. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The technical analysis re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) Selection of a representative sample of 
electronic component types, including digital, mixed-signal, and analog integrated circuits. 
(B) An assessment of the presence of counter-
feit parts, including causes and attributes of failures of any identified counterfeit part. 
(C) For components found to have counterfeit 
parts present, an assessment of the impact of the counterfeit part in the failure mechanism. 
(D) For cases with counterfeit parts contrib-
uting to the failure, a determination of the fail-ure attributes, factors, and effects on subsystem and system level reliability, readiness, and per-formance. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—As part of the study 
required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall develop recommendations for such legislative and administrative action, including budget re-quirements, as the Secretary considers necessary to conduct sampling and technical hardware analysis of counterfeit parts in identified areas of high concern. 
(d) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 540 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the study carried out under subsection (a). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) The findings of the Secretary with respect 
to the study conducted under subsection (a). 
(B) The recommendations developed under 
subsection (c). 
SEC. 233. DEMONSTRATION OF PERSISTENT 
CLOSE AIR SUPPORT CAPABILITIES. 
(a) J OINT DEMONSTRATION REQUIRED .—The 
Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Army, and the Director of the Defense Ad-vanced Research Projects Agency shall jointly conduct a demonstration of the Persistent Close Air Support (PCAS) capability in fiscal year 2016. 
(b) P
ARAMETERS OF DEMONSTRATION .— 
(1) S ELECTION AND EQUIPMENT OF AIRCRAFT .— 
As part of the demonstration required by sub-section (a), the Secretary of the Air Force shall select and equip at least two aircraft for use in the demonstration that the Secretary otherwise intends to use for close air support, as identified by the United States Air Force Close Air Sup-port Forum. 
(2) C
LOSE AIR SUPPORT OPERATIONS .—The 
demonstration required by subsection (a) shall include close air support operations that involve the following: 
(A) Multiple tactical radio networks rep-
resenting diverse ground force user communities. 
(B) Two-way digital exchanges of situational 
awareness data, video, and calls for fire be-tween aircraft and ground users without modi-
fication to aircraft operational flight profiles. 
(C) Real-time sharing of blue force, aircraft, 
and target location data to reduce risks of frat-ricide. 
(D) Lightweight digital tools based on com-
mercial-off-the-shelf technology for pilots and joint tactical air controllers. 
(E) Operations in simple and complex oper-
ating environments. 
(c) A
SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of the Air 
Force, the Secretary of the Army, and the Direc-tor of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency shall jointly— 
(1) assess the effect of the capabilities dem-
onstrated as part of the demonstration required by subsection (a) on— 
(A) the time required to conduct close air sup-
port operations; 
(B) the effectiveness of blue force in achieving 
tactical objectives; and 
(C) the risk of fratricide and collateral dam-
age; and 
(2) estimate the costs that would be incurred 
in transitioning the technology used in the Per-sistent Close Air Support capability to the Army and the Air Force. 
SEC. 234. AIRBORNE DATA LINK PLAN. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Under Secretary of 
Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy, develop a plan— 
(1) to provide objective survivable communica-
tions gateways to enable— 
(A) the secure dissemination of national and 
tactical intelligence information to fourth-gen-eration fighter aircraft and supporting airborne platforms and to low-observable penetrating platforms such as the F–22 and F–35; and 
(B) the secure reception and dissemination of 
sensor data from low-observable penetrating air-craft, such as the F–22 and F–35; 
(2) to provide secure data sharing between the 
fifth-generation fighter aircraft of the Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps, with minimal changes to the outer surfaces of the aircraft and to aircraft operational flight programs; and 
(3) to enable secure data sharing between 
fifth-generation and fourth-generation aircraft in jamming environments. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL PLAN REQUIREMENTS .—The 
plan required by subsection (a) shall include non-proprietary and open systems approaches that are compatible with the Rapid Capabilities Office Open Mission Systems initiative of the Air Force and the Future Airborne Capability Environment initiative of the Navy. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION .—No funds may be obligated 
or expended by the Department of Defense on the interim communications initiatives identified as Talon Hate and Multi-Domain Adaptable Processing System until the congressional de-fense committees are briefed by the Under Sec-retary or the Vice Chairman about the plan re-quired by subsection (a). 
SEC. 235. REPORT ON TECHNOLOGY READINESS 
LEVELS OF THE TECHNOLOGIES AND CAPABILITIES CRITICAL TO THE LONG RANGE STRIKE BOMBER AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Con-gress a report on the Technology Readiness Lev-els (TRLs) of the technologies and capabilities critical to the Long Range Strike Bomber air-craft. 
(b) R
EVIEW BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE  
UNITED STATES .—Not later than 60 days after 
the report of the Secretary is submitted under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall review the report and submit to the congressional defense committees an as-sessment of the matters contained in the report. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4372 June 22, 2015 
TITLE III—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4301. 
Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
SEC. 311. MODIFICATION OF ENERGY MANAGE-
MENT REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 2925(a) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (4) and (7); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), (8), 
(9), (10), (11), and (12) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), and (10), respectively; 
(3) by amending paragraph (7), as redesig-
nated by paragraph (2) of this section, to read as follows: 
‘‘(7) A description and estimate of the progress 
made by the military departments in meeting current high performance and sustainable build-ing standards under the Unified Facilities Cri-teria.’’; 
(4) by amending paragraph (9), as redesig-
nated by such paragraph (2), to read as follows: 
‘‘(9) Details of all commercial utility outages 
caused by threats and those caused by hazards at military installations that last eight hours or longer, whether or not the outage was mitigated by backup power, including non-commercial utility outages and Department of Defense- owned infrastructure, including the total num-
ber and location of outages, the financial im-pact of the outages, and measure taken to miti-gate outages in the future at the affected loca-tions and across the Department of Defense.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(11) At the discretion of the Secretary of De-
fense, a classified annex, as appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 312. REPORT ON EFFORTS TO REDUCE HIGH 
ENERGY COSTS AT MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT .— 
(1) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 270 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, in conjunction with the assistant secretaries responsible for installa-tions and environment for the military services and the Defense Logistics Agency, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the efforts to achieve cost savings at military installations with high energy costs. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) A comprehensive, installation-specific as-
sessment of feasible and mission-appropriate en-ergy initiatives supporting energy production and consumption at military installations with high energy costs. 
(B) An assessment of current sources of en-
ergy in areas with high energy costs and poten-tial future sources that are technologically fea-sible, cost-effective, and mission-appropriate for military installations. 
(C) A comprehensive implementation strategy 
to include required investment for feasible en-ergy efficiency options determined to be the most beneficial and cost-effective, where appropriate, and consistent with Department of Defense pri-orities. 
(D) An explanation on how military services 
are working collaboratively in order to leverage lessons learned on potential energy efficiency 
solutions. 
(E) An assessment of extent of which activities 
administered under the Federal Energy Man-agement Program could be used to assist with 
the implementation strategy. 
(F) An assessment of State and local partner-
ship opportunities that could achieve efficiency and cost savings, and any legislative authorities required to carry out such partnerships or agreements. 
(3) C
OORDINATION WITH STATE AND LOCAL AND  
OTHER ENTITIES .—In preparing the report re-
quired under paragraph (1), the Under Sec-retary may work in conjunction and coordinate with the States containing areas of high energy costs, local communities, and other Federal de-partments and agencies. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term 
‘‘high energy costs’’ means costs for the provi-sion of energy by kilowatt of electricity or Brit-ish Thermal Unit of heat or steam for a military installation in the United States that is in the highest 20 percent of all military installations for a military department. 
SEC. 313. SOUTHERN SEA OTTER MILITARY READ-
INESS AREAS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF THE SOUTHERN SEA 
OTTER MILITARY READINESS AREAS.—Chapter 
631 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 7235. Establishment of the Southern Sea 
Otter Military Readiness Areas 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of the 
Navy shall establish areas, to be known as ‘Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas’, for national defense purposes. Such areas shall include each of the following: 
‘‘(1) The area that includes Naval Base Ven-
tura County, San Nicolas Island, and Begg Rock and the adjacent and surrounding waters within the following coordinates: 
‘‘N. Latitude/W. Longitude 
33°27.8?/119 °34.3?
33°20.5?/119 °15.5?
33°13.5?/119 °11.8?
33°06.5?/119 °15.3?
33°02.8?/119 °26.8?
33°08.8?/119 °46.3?
33°17.2?/119 °56.9?
33°30.9?/119 °54.2?. 
‘‘(2) The area that includes Naval Base Coro-
nado, San Clemente Island and the adjacent and surrounding waters running parallel to shore to 3 nautical miles from the high tide line designated by part 165 of title 33, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, on May 20, 2010, as the San Clemente Island 3NM Safety Zone. 
‘‘(b) A
CTIVITIES WITHIN THE SOUTHERN SEA 
OTTER MILITARY READINESS AREAS.— 
‘‘(1) I NCIDENTAL TAKINGS UNDER ENDANGERED  
SPECIES ACT OF 1973 .—Sections 4 and 9 of the En-
dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533, 1538) shall not apply with respect to the inci-dental taking of any southern sea otter in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas in the course of conducting a military readiness activity. 
‘‘(2) I
NCIDENTAL TAKINGS UNDER MARINE MAM -
MAL PROTECTION ACT OF 1972 .—Sections 101 and 
102 of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1371, 1372) shall not apply with respect to the incidental taking of any southern sea otter in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas in the course of conducting a military readiness activity. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT AS SPECIES PROPOSED TO BE  
LISTED .—For purposes of conducting a military 
readiness activity, any southern sea otter while within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readi-ness Areas shall be treated for the purposes of section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) as a member of a species that is proposed to be listed as an endangered species or a threatened species under section 4 of the 
Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533). 
‘‘(c) R
EMOVAL .—Nothing in this section or 
any other Federal law shall be construed to re-quire that any southern sea otter located within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas be removed from the Areas. 
‘‘(d) R
EVISION OR TERMINATION OF EXCEP-
TIONS .—The Secretary of the Interior may revise 
or terminate the application of subsection (b) if the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy and the Marine Mammal Commission, determines that military activities occurring in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas are impeding the southern sea otter conservation or the return of southern sea otters to optimum sustainable pop-ulation levels. 
‘‘(e) M
ONITORING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy 
shall conduct monitoring and research within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas to determine the effects of military readi-ness activities on the growth or decline of the southern sea otter population and on the near- shore ecosystem. Monitoring and research pa-rameters and methods shall be determined in consultation with the Service and the Marine Mammal Commission. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 24 months after 
the date of the enactment of this section and every three years thereafter, the Secretary of the Navy shall report to Congress and the public on monitoring undertaken pursuant to paragraph 
(1). 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) S OUTHERN SEA OTTER .—The term ‘south-
ern sea otter’ means any member of the sub-species Enhydra lutris nereis. 
‘‘(2) T
AKE.—The term ‘take’— 
‘‘(A) when used in reference to activities sub-
ject to regulation by the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), shall have the meaning given such term in that Act; and 
‘‘(B) when used in reference to activities sub-
ject to regulation by the Marine Mammal Pro-tection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq.) shall have the meaning given such term in that Act. 
‘‘(3) I
NCIDENTAL TAKING .—The term ‘inci-
dental taking’ means any take of a southern sea otter that is incidental to, and not the purpose of, the carrying out of an otherwise lawful ac-tivity. 
‘‘(4) M
ILITARY READINESS ACTIVITY .—The term 
‘military readiness activity’ has the meaning given that term in section 315(f) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (16 U.S.C. 703 note) and in-cludes all training and operations of the armed forces that relate to combat and the adequate and realistic testing of military equipment, vehi-cles, weapons, and sensors for proper operation and suitability for combat use. 
‘‘(5) O
PTIMUM SUSTAINABLE POPULATION .—The 
term ‘optimum sustainable population’ means, with respect to any population stock, the num-ber of animals that will result in the maximum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4373 June 22, 2015 
productivity of the population or the species, 
keeping in mind the carrying capacity of the habitat and the health of the ecosystem of which they form a constituent element.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘7235. Establishment of the Southern Sea Otter 
Military Readiness Areas.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1 of 
Public Law 99–625 (16 U.S.C. 1536 note) is re-pealed. 
Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
SEC. 321. REPEAL OF LIMITATION ON AUTHORITY 
TO ENTER INTO A CONTRACT FOR THE SUSTAINMENT, MAINTENANCE, REPAIR, OR OVERHAUL OF THE F117 ENGINE. 
Section 341 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. 
‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3345) is repealed. 
Subtitle D—Reports 
SEC. 331. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON 
PREPOSITIONED MATERIEL AND EQUIPMENT. 
Section 2229a(a)(8) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(8) A list of any equipment used in support 
of contingency operations slated for retrograde and subsequent inclusion in the prepositioned stocks.’’. 
Subtitle E—Limitations and Extensions of 
Authority 
SEC. 341. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR 
TRANSFERRING AIRCRAFT WITHIN THE AIR FORCE INVENTORY. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS .—Section 
345 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 8062 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking the first sentence and inserting 
the following: ‘‘Before making an aircraft trans-fer described in subsection (c), the Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that a written agree-ment regarding such transfer has been entered into between the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and the Director of the Air National Guard or the Chief of Air Force Reserve.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘depot’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(b) S
UBMITTAL OF AGREEMENTS TO THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND CONGRESS .—The 
Secretary of the Air Force may not take any ac-tion to transfer an aircraft until the Secretary ensures that the Air Force has complied with applicable Department of Defense regulations and, for a transfer described in subsection (c)(1), until the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees an agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a) regarding the trans-fer of the aircraft.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(c) C
OVERED AIRCRAFT TRANSFERS .—(1) An 
aircraft transfer described in this subsection is the transfer (other than as specified in para-graph (2)) from a reserve component of the Air Force to the regular component of the Air Force of— 
‘‘(A) the permanent assignment of an aircraft 
that terminates a reserve component’s equitable interest in the aircraft; or 
‘‘(B) possession of an aircraft for a period in 
excess of 90 days. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) does not apply to the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(A) A routine temporary transfer of posses-
sion of an aircraft from a reserve component that is made solely for the benefit of the reserve component for the purpose of maintenance, up-grade, conversion, modification, or testing and evaluation. 
‘‘(B) A routine permanent transfer of assign-
ment of an aircraft that terminates a reserve component’s equitable interest in the aircraft if 
notice of the transfer has previously been pro-vided to the congressional defense committees and the transfer has been approved by the Sec-retary of Defense pursuant to Department of Defense regulations. 
‘‘(C) A transfer described in paragraph (1)(A) 
when there is a reciprocal permanent assign-ment of an aircraft from the regular component of the Air Force to the reserve component that does not degrade the capability of, or reduce the total number of, aircraft assigned to the reserve component. 
‘‘(d) R
ETURN OF AIRCRAFT AFTER ROUTINE  
TEMPORARY TRANSFER .—In the case of an air-
craft transferred from a reserve component of the Air Force to the regular component of the Air Force for which an agreement under sub-section (a) is not required by reason of subpara-graph (A) of subsection (c)(2), possession of the aircraft shall be transferred back to the reserve component upon completion of the work de-scribed in such subparagraph.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(a)(7) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘Commander of the Air Force Reserve Com-mand’’ and inserting ‘‘Chief of Air Force Re-serve’’. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TODELETE REF-
ERENCES TO AIRCRAFT OWNERSHIP .—Subsection 
(a) of such section is further amended by strik-ing ‘‘the ownership of’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 342. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE SPONSOR-SHIPS, ADVERTISING, OR MAR-KETING ASSOCIATED WITH SPORTS- RELATED ORGANIZATIONS OR SPORTING EVENTS. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated for 
the Department of Defense by this Act or other-wise made available to the Department may be used for any sponsorship, advertising, or mar-keting associated with a sports-related organi-zation or sporting event until the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, in consultation with the Director of Accessions Policy— 
(1) conducts a review of current contracts and 
task orders for such sponsorships, advertising, and marketing (as awarded by the regular and reserve components of the Armed Forces) in order to assess— 
(A) whether such sponsorships, advertising, 
and marketing are effective in meeting the re-cruiting objectives of the Department; 
(B) whether consistent metrics are used to 
evaluate the effectiveness of each such activity in generating leads and recruit accessions; and 
(C) whether the return on investment for such 
activities is sufficient to warrant continuing use of Department funds for such activities; and 
(2) submits to the Committees on Armed Serv-
ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— 
(A) a description of the actions being taken to 
coordinate efforts of the Department relating to such sponsorships, advertising, and marketing, and to minimize duplicative contracts for such sponsorships, advertising, and marketing, as ap-plicable; and 
(B) the results of the review required by para-
graph (1), including an assessment of the extent to which continuing use of Department funds for such sponsorships, advertising, and mar-keting is warranted in light of the review and the actions described pursuant to subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 342A. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTS TO FA-
CILITATE PAYMENTS FOR HON-ORING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AT SPORTING EVENTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the Army National Guard has paid profes-
sional sports organizations to honor members of the Armed Forces; 
(2) any organization wishing to honor mem-
bers of the Armed Forces should do so on a vol-untary basis, and the Department of Defense 
should take action to ensure that no payments be made for such activities in the future; and 
(3) any organization, including the National 
Football League, that has accepted taxpayer funds to honor members of the Armed Forces should consider directing an equivalent amount of funding in the form of a donation to a chari-table organization that supports members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their families. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 134 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 2241a the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2241b. Prohibition on contracts providing 
payments for activities to honor members of the armed forces 
‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—The Department of De-
fense may not enter into any contract or other agreement under which payments are to be made in exchange for activities by the con-tractor intended to honor, or giving the appear-ance of honoring, members of the armed forces (whether members of the regular components or the reserve components) at any form of sporting event. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection 
(a) shall be construed as prohibiting the Depart-ment from taking actions to facilitate activities intended to honor members of the armed forces at sporting events that are provided on a pro bono basis or otherwise funded with non-Fed-eral funds if such activities are provided and re-ceived in accordance with applicable rules and regulations regarding the acceptance of gifts by the military departments, the armed forces, and members of the armed forces.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 134 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2241a the following new item: 
‘‘2241b. Prohibition on contracts providing pay-
ments for activities to honor mem-bers of the armed forces at sport-ing events.’’. 
SEC. 343. TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO EXTEND 
CONTRACTS AND LEASES UNDER ARMS INITIATIVE. 
Contracts or subcontracts entered into pursu-
ant to section 4554(a)(3)(A) of title 10, United States Code, on or before the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act may include an option to extend the term of the contract or subcontract for an additional 25 years. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 351. STREAMLINING OF DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE MANAGEMENT AND OPER-ATIONAL HEADQUARTERS. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF HEAD-
QUARTERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct a comprehensive review of the management and operational headquarters of the Department of Defense for purposes of con-solidating and streamlining headquarters func-tions. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by para-
graph (1) shall address the following: 
(A) The extent, if any, to which the staff of 
the Secretaries of the military departments and the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces have du-plicative staff functions and services and could be consolidated into a single service staff. 
(B) The extent, if any, to which the staff of 
the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the mili-tary departments, the Defense Agencies, and temporary organizations have duplicative staff functions and services and could be streamlined with respect to— 
(i) performing oversight and making policy; (ii) performing staff functions and services 
specific to the military department concerned; 
(iii) performing multi-department staff func-
tions and services; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4374 June 22, 2015 
(iv) performing functions and services across 
the Department of Defense with respect to intel-ligence collection and analysis. 
(C) The extent, if any, to which the Joint 
Staff, the combatant commands, and their sub-ordinate service component commands have du-plicative staff functions and services that could be shared, consolidated, eliminated, or otherwise streamlined with— 
(i) the Joint Staff performing oversight and 
execution; 
(ii) the staff of the combatant commands per-
forming only staff functions and services spe-cific to the combatant command concerned; and 
(iii) the staff of the service component com-
mands of the combatant commands performing only staff functions and services specific to the service component command concerned. 
(D) The extent, if any, to which reductions in 
military and civilian end-strength in manage-ment or operational headquarters could be used to create, build, or fill shortages in force struc-ture for operational units. 
(E) The extent, if any, to which revisions are 
required to the Defense Officers Personnel Man-agement Act, including requirements for officers to serve in joint billets, the number of qualifying billets, the rank structure in the joint billets, and the joint qualification requirement for offi-cers to be promoted while serving for extensive periods in critical positions such as program managers of major defense acquisition programs, and officers in units of component forces sup-porting joint commands, in order to achieve effi-ciencies, provide promotion fairness and equity, and obtain effective governance in the manage-ment of the Department of Defense. 
(F) The structure and staffing of the Joint 
Staff, and the number, structure, and staffing of the combatant commands and their subordinate service component commands, including, in par-ticular— 
(i) whether or not the staff organization of 
each such entity has documented and periodi-cally validated requirements for such entity; 
(ii) whether or not there are an appropriate 
number of combatant commands relative to the requirements of the National Security Strategy, the Quadrennial Defense Review, and the Na-tional Military Strategy; and 
(iii) whether or not opportunities exist to con-
solidate staff functions and services common to the Joint Staff and the service component com-mands into a single staff organization that pro-vides the required functions, services, capabili-ties, and capacities to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and supported combatant com-manders, and if so— 
(I) where in the organizational structure such 
staff functions, services, capabilities, and capac-ities would be established; and 
(II) whether or not the military departments 
could execute such staff functions, services, ca-pabilities, and capacities while executing their requirements to organize, train, and equip the Armed Forces. 
(G) The statutory and regulatory authority of 
the combatant commands to establish subordi-nate joint commands or headquarters, including joint task forces, led by a general or flag officer, and the extent, if any, to which the combatant commands have used such authority— 
(i) to establish temporary or permanent subor-
dinate joint commands or headquarters, includ-ing joint task forces, led by general or flag offi-cers; 
(ii) to disestablish temporary or permanent 
subordinate joint commands or headquarters, including joint task forces, led by general or flag officers; 
(iii) to increase requirements for general and 
flag officers in the joint pool which are exempt from the end strength limitations otherwise ap-plicable to general and flag officers in the Armed Forces; 
(iv) to participate in the management of joint 
officer qualification in order to ensure the effi-cient and effective quality and quantity of offi-cers needed to staff headquarters functions and 
services and return to the services officers with required professional experience and skills nec-essary to remain competitive for increased re-sponsibility and authority through subsequent assignment or promotion, including by identi-fying— 
(I) circumstances, if any, in which officers 
spend a disproportionate amount of time in their careers to attain joint officer qualifications with corresponding loss of opportunities to develop in the service-specific assignments needed to gain the increased proficiency and experience to qualify for service and command assignments; and 
(II) circumstances, if any, in which the mili-
tary departments detail officers to joint head-quarters staffs in order to maximize the number of officers receiving joint duty credit with a focus on the quantity, instead of the quality, of officers achieving joint duty credit; 
(v) to establish commanders’ strategic plan-
ning groups, advisory groups, or similar parallel personal staff entities that could risk isolating function and staff processes, including an as-sessment of the justification used to establish such personal staff organizations and their im-pact on the effectiveness and efficiency of orga-nizational staff functions, services, capabilities, and capacities; and 
(vi) to ensure the identification and manage-
ment of officers serving or having served in units in subordinate service component or joint commands during combat operations and did not receive joint credit for such service. 
(3) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall, to 
the extent practicable and as the Secretary con-siders appropriate, conduct the review required by paragraph (1) in consultation with such ex-perts on matters covered by the review who are independent of the Department of Defense. 
(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2016, 
the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the re-sults of the review required by paragraph (1). 
(b) P
LAN ON REDUCTION IN AMOUNTS USED 
FOR ADMINISTRATION IN FISCAL YEARS 2016 
THROUGH 2019.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than January 31, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees, and im-plement, a plan designed to ensure that the amount used by the Department of Defense for administration from amounts authorized to be appropriated for a fiscal year for operation and maintenance shall be as follows: 
(A) In fiscal year 2016, an amount that is 7.5 
percent less than the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2015 for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, and available for administration (in this paragraph referred to as the ‘‘fiscal year 2015 administration amount’’). 
(B) In fiscal year 2017, an amount that is 15 
percent less than the fiscal year 2015 adminis-tration amount. 
(C) In fiscal year 2018, an amount that is 22.5 
percent less than the fiscal year 2015 adminis-tration amount. 
(D) In fiscal year 2019, an amount that is 30 
percent less than the fiscal year 2015 adminis-tration amount. 
(2) A
CHIEVEMENT OF REDUCTIONS .—As part of 
meeting the requirements in paragraph (1), the plan shall provide for reductions in personnel (including military and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense and contract personnel in support of the Department) in the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the secretariats and military staffs of the military departments, the staffs of the Defense Agencies, the staffs of the Joint Staff, the staffs of the combatant com-mands, and the staffs of their subordinate serv-ice component commands. 
(3) E
XCLUSION .—The plan may not meet the 
requirements in paragraph (1) through reduc-tions in funding for administration for the fol-lowing: (A) The United States Special Operations 
Command. 
(B) The Department of Defense Education Ac-
tivity. 
(C) Any classified program. (D) Any program relating to sexual assault 
prevention and response. 
(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  
STATES REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after 
the end of each of fiscal years 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the assessment of the Comptroller General of the extent to which the Department of Defense met the appli-cable requirement in subsection (b)(1) during such fiscal year. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS 
FORCONTRACT PERSONNEL SUPPORT FOR OSD.— 
In each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, 2019, and 2020, amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense and available for the Of-fice of the Secretary of Defense may not be obli-gated or expended for contract personnel in sup-port of the Office of the Secretary of Defense until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that the appli-cable requirement in subsection (b)(1) was met during the preceding fiscal year. 
SEC. 352. ADOPTION OF RETIRED MILITARY 
WORKING DOGS. 
(a) T RANSFER FOR ADOPTION .—Subsection (f) 
of section 2583 of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘may transfer’’ and inserting ‘‘shall transfer’’. 
(b) L
OCATION OF RETIREMENT .—Subsection (f) 
of such section is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as 
subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘If the Sec-
retary’’; 
(3) in paragraph (1), as designated by para-
graph (2) of this subsection— 
(A) by striking ‘‘, and no suitable adoption is 
available at the military facility where the dog is location,’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), as designated by 
paragraph (1) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘within the United States’’ after ‘‘to another lo-cation’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1) shall not apply if a United 
States citizen living abroad adopts the dog at the time of retirement.’’. 
(c) P
REFERENCE IN ADOPTION FOR FORMER  
HANDLERS .—Such section is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (h); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing new subsection (g): 
‘‘(g) P REFERENCE IN ADOPTION OF RETIRED  
MILITARY WORKING DOGS FOR FORMER HAN-
DLERS .—(1) In providing for the adoption under 
this section of a retired military working dog de-scribed in paragraph (1) or (3) of subsection (a), the Secretary of the military department con-cerned shall accord a preference to the former handler of the dog unless the Secretary deter-mines that adoption of the dog by the former handler would not be in the best interests of the dog. 
‘‘(2) In the case of a dog covered by para-
graph (1) with more than one former handler seeking adoption of the dog at the time of adop-tion, the Secretary shall provide for the adop-tion of the dog by such former handler whose adoption of the dog will best serve the interests of the dog and such former handlers. The Sec-retary shall make any determination required by this paragraph with respect to a dog following consultation with the kennel master of the unit at which the dog was last located before adop-tion under this section. 
‘‘(3) Nothing in this subsection shall be con-
strued as altering, revising, or overriding any policy of a military department for the adoption 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4375 June 22, 2015 
of military working dogs by law enforcement 
agencies before the end of the dogs’ useful lives.’’. 
SEC. 353. MODIFICATION OF REQUIRED REVIEW 
OF PROJECTS RELATING TO POTEN-TIAL OBSTRUCTIONS TO AVIATION. 
Section 358 of the Ike Skelton National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4200; 49 U.S.C. 44718 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘from State 
and local officials or the developer of a renew-able energy development or other energy project’’ and inserting ‘‘from a State govern-ment, an Indian tribal government, a local gov-ernment, a landowner, or the developer of an energy project’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘readiness, 
and’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘readiness and to clearly communicate actions being taken by the Depart-ment of Defense to the party requesting an early project review under this section.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘as 
high, medium, or low’’; and 
(3) in subsection (j), by adding at the end the 
following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) The term ‘landowner’ means a person or 
other legal entity that owns a fee interest in real property on which a proposed energy project is planned to be located.’’. 
SEC. 354. PILOT PROGRAM ON INTENSIVE IN-
STRUCTION IN CERTAIN ASIAN LAN-GUAGES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense may, in consultation with the National Security Education Board, carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advis-ability of providing scholarships in accordance with the David L. Boren National Security Edu-cation Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.) to indi-viduals otherwise eligible for scholarships under that Act for intensive language instruction in a covered Asian language. 
(b) C
OVERED ASIAN LANGUAGE .—For purposes 
of this section, a covered Asian language is any of the five Asian languages that would be treat-ed as a language in which deficiencies exist for purposes of section 802(a)(1)(A) of the David L. Boren National Security Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1902(a)(2)(A)) if the National Security Education Board could treat an additional five Asian languages as a language in which such deficiencies exist. 
(c) U
SE OF SCHOLARSHIPS .—Notwithstanding 
any provision of the David L. Boren National Security Education Act of 1991, a scholarship awarded pursuant to the pilot program may be used for intensive language instruction in— 
(1) the United States; or (2) a country in which the covered Asian lan-
guage concerned is spoken by a significant por-tion of the population (as determined by the Secretary for purposes of the pilot program). 
(d) N
ATIONAL SECURITY EDUCATION BOARD  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘National 
Security Education Board’’ means the National Security Education Board established pursuant to section 803 of the David L. Boren National Security Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1903). 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—No scholarship may be 
awarded under the pilot program after the date that is five years after the date on which the pilot program is established. 
TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Active Forces 
SEC. 401. END STRENGTHS FOR ACTIVE FORCES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths 
for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2016, as follows: 
(1) The Army, 475,000. (2) The Navy, 329,200. (3) The Marine Corps, 184,000. (4) The Air Force, 317,000. SEC. 402. ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITY FOR 
MANAGEMENT OF END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SPECIFICATION OF PERMANENT  
ENDSTRENGTHS TOSUPPORT TWOMAJOR RE-
GIONAL CONTINGENCIES .— 
(1) R EPEAL .—Section 691 of title 10, United 
States Code, is repealed. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 39 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 691. 
(b) E
NHANCED AUTHORITY FOR ENDSTRENGTH  
MANAGEMENT .— 
(1) S ECRETARY OF DEFENSE AUTHORITY .—Sub-
section (f) of section 115 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘increase’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘vary’’. 
(2) S
ERVICE SECRETARY AUTHORITY .—Sub-
section (g) of such section is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘increase’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘vary’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘increase’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘variance’’. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
SEC. 411. END STRENGTHS FOR SELECTED RE-
SERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Armed Forces are au-
thorized strengths for Selected Reserve per-sonnel of the reserve components as of Sep-tember 30, 2016, as follows: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 342,000. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 198,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 57,400. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,900. (5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 105,500. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 69,200. (7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. (b) E
NDSTRENGTH REDUCTIONS .—The end 
strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the Se-lected Reserve of any reserve component shall be proportionately reduced by— 
(1) the total authorized strength of units orga-
nized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on active duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and 
(2) the total number of individual members not 
in units organized to serve as units of the Se-lected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for un-satisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. 
(c) E
NDSTRENGTH INCREASES .—Whenever 
units or individual members of the Selected Re-serve of any reserve component are released from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased proportionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 
SEC. 412. END STRENGTHS FOR RESERVES ON AC-
TIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RE-SERVES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Several States routinely recruit and retain 
members of the Army National Guard of the United States in excess of State authorizations to offset States that do not recruit to State au-thorizations. 
(2) The States that routinely recruit and re-
tain members of the Army National Guard of the United States in excess of authorizations do not receive any extra full-time operational support duty personnel to support excess members. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that the National Guard Bureau should account for States that routinely recruit and re-tain members in excess of State authorizations when allocating full-time operational support duty personnel. 
(c) E
NDSTRENGTHS .—Within the end strengths 
prescribed in section 411(a), the reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces are authorized, as of 
September 30, 2016, the following number of Re-serves to be serving on full-time active duty or full-time duty, in the case of members of the Na-tional Guard, for the purpose of organizing, ad-ministering, recruiting, instructing, or training the reserve components: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 30,770. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 16,261. (3) The Navy Reserve, 9,934. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,260. (5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 14,748. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 3,032. (d) A
LLOCATION AMONG STATES .—In allo-
cating Reserves on full-time duty in the Army National Guard of the United States authorized by subsection (c)(1) among the States, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall take into account the actual number of members of the Army National Guard of the United States serv-ing in each State as of September 30 each year. 
SEC. 413. END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY TECH-
NICIANS (DUAL STATUS). 
The minimum number of military technicians 
(dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2016 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the fol-lowing: 
(1) For the Army National Guard of the 
United States, 26,099. 
(2) For the Army Reserve, 7,395. (3) For the Air National Guard of the United 
States, 22,104. 
(4) For the Air Force Reserve, 9,814. 
SEC. 414. FISCAL YEAR 2016 LIMITATION ON NUM-
BER OF NON-DUAL STATUS TECHNI-CIANS. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .— 
(1) N ATIONAL GUARD .—Within the limitation 
provided in section 10217(c)(2) of title 10, United States Code, the number of non-dual status technicians employed by the National Guard as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed the fol-lowing: 
(A) For the Army National Guard of the 
United States, 1,600. 
(B) For the Air National Guard of the United 
States, 350. 
(2) A
RMY RESERVE .—The number of non-dual 
status technicians employed by the Army Re-serve as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed 595. 
(3) A
IR FORCE RESERVE .—The number of non- 
dual status technicians employed by the Air Force Reserve as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed 90. 
(b) N
ON-DUAL STATUS TECHNICIANS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘non-dual sta-
tus technician’’ has the meaning given that term in section 10217(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 415. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF RESERVE PER-
SONNEL AUTHORIZED TO BE ON AC-TIVE DUTY FOR OPERATIONAL SUP-PORT. 
During fiscal year 2016, the maximum number 
of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who may be serving at any time on full-time operational support duty under sec-tion 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, is the following: 
(1) The Army National Guard of the United 
States, 17,000. 
(2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. (5) The Air National Guard of the United 
States, 16,000. 
(6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. 
SEC. 416. CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BU-
REAU AUTHORITY TO INCREASE CERTAIN END STRENGTHS APPLICA-BLE TO THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Subject to subsection (b), the 
Chief of the National Guard Bureau may in-crease each of the end strengths for fiscal year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4376 June 22, 2015 
2016 applicable to the Army National Guard as 
follows: 
(1) The end strength for Selected Reserve per-
sonnel of the Army National Guard of the United States in section 411(a)(1) by up to 3,000 members in addition to the number specified in section 411(a)(1). 
(2) The end strength for Reserves serving on 
full-time duty for the purpose of organizing, ad-ministering, recruiting, instructing, or training for the Army National Guard of the United States specified in section 412(1) by up to 615 Re-serves in addition to the number specified in sec-tion 412(1). 
(3) The end strength for military technicians 
(dual status) for the Army National Guard of the United States specified in section 413(1) by up to 1,111 technicians in addition to the num-ber specified in section 413(1). 
(b) L
IMITATION .—The Chief of the National 
Guard Bureau may increase an end strength using the authority in subsection (a) only if such increase is paid for out of funds appro-priated for fiscal year 2016 for Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard. 
Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 421. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not other-wise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. 
(b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—The 
authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) supersedes any other authorization of appro-priations (definite or indefinite) for such pur-pose for fiscal year 2016. 
TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
SEC. 501. AUTHORITY OF PROMOTION BOARDS TO 
RECOMMEND OFFICERS OF PAR-TICULAR MERIT BE PLACED AT THE TOP OF THE PROMOTION LIST. 
(a) A UTHORITY OF PROMOTION BOARDS TO 
RECOMMEND OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT 
BEPLACED AT TOP OF PROMOTION LIST.—Sec-
tion 616 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g)(1) In selecting the officers to be rec-
ommended for promotion, a selection board may, when authorized by the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned, recommend officers of particular merit, from among those officers selected for promotion, to be placed at the top of the promotion list promulgated by the Secretary under section 624(a)(1) of this title. 
‘‘(2) The determination whether an officer is 
an officer of particular merit for purposes of this subsection shall be made in accordance with cri-teria prescribed by the Secretary of the military department concerned for such purposes. 
‘‘(3) The number of such officers placed at the 
top of the promotion list may not exceed the number equal to 10 percent of the maximum number of officers that the board is authorized to recommend for promotion in such competitive category. If the number determined under this subsection is less than one, the board may rec-ommend one such officer. 
‘‘(4) No officer may be recommended to be 
placed at the top of the promotion list unless the officer receives the recommendation of at least three-quarters of the members of a board for such placement. 
‘‘(5) For the officers recommended to be placed 
at the top of the promotion list, the board shall recommend the order in which these officers should be promoted.’’. 
(b) O
FFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT APPEAR -
ING AT TOP OF PROMOTION LIST.—Section 
624(a)(1) of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘, except such officers of particular merit who were approved by the President and rec-ommended by the board to be placed at the top of the promotion list under section 616(g) of this 
title as these officers shall be placed at the top of the promotion list in the order recommended by the board’’ after ‘‘officers on the active-duty list’’. 
SEC. 502. MINIMUM GRADES FOR CERTAIN CORPS 
AND RELATED POSITIONS IN THE ARMY, NAVY, AND AIR FORCE. 
(a) A RMY.— 
(1) C HIEF OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON .—Section 
3023(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed in the second sentence by striking ‘‘the grade of major general’’ and inserting ‘‘a grade above the grade of colonel’’. 
(2) A
SSISTANT SURGEON GENERAL .—Section 
3039(b) of such title is amended by striking the last sentence and inserting the following new sentence: ‘‘An officer appointed to that position shall be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel.’’. 
(3) C
HIEF OF THE NURSE CORPS .—Section 
3069(b) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘whose regular grade’’ and all that follows through ‘‘major general.’’ and inserting ‘‘. An officer appointed to that position shall be an of-ficer in a grade above the grade of colonel.’’. 
(4) C
HIEF OF THE VETERINARY CORPS .—Section 
3084 of such title is amended by striking the last sentence and inserting the following new sen-tence: ‘‘An officer appointed to that position shall be an officer in a grade above the grade of lieutenant colonel.’’. 
(b) N
AVY.— 
(1) C HIEF OF LEGISLATIVE AFFAIRS .—Section 
5027(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘the grade of rear admiral’’ and inserting ‘‘a grade above the grade of captain’’. 
(2) C
HIEF OF THE DENTAL CORPS .—Section 5138 
of such title is amended— 
(A) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and in-
serting the following new subsection (a): 
‘‘(a) There is a Chief of the Dental Corps in 
the Department of the Navy. An officer assigned to that position shall be an officer in a grade above the grade of captain.’’; and 
(B) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as 
subsections (b) and (c), respectively. 
(3) D
IRECTORS OF MEDICAL CORPS .—Section 
5150(c) of such title is amended— 
(A) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘for pro-
motion’’ and all that follows through the end of the sentence and inserting a period; and 
(B) by inserting after the first sentence the 
following new sentence: ‘‘An officer so selected shall be an officer in a grade above the grade of captain.’’. 
(c) A
IRFORCE.— 
(1) C HIEF OF LEGISLATIVE LIAISON .—Section 
8023(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed in the second sentence by striking ‘‘the grade of major general’’ and inserting ‘‘a grade above the grade of colonel’’. 
(2) C
HIEF OF THE NURSE CORPS .—Section 
8069(b) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘whose regular grade’’ and all that follows through ‘‘major general.’’ and inserting ‘‘. An officer appointed to that position shall be an of-ficer in a grade above the grade of colonel.’’. 
(3) A
SSISTANT SURGEON GENERAL FOR DENTAL  
SERVICES .—Section 8081 of such title is amended 
by striking the second sentence and inserting the following new sentence: ‘‘An officer ap-pointed to that position shall be an officer in a grade above the grade of colonel.’’. 
(d) T
RANSITION .—In the case of an officer who 
on the date of the enactment of this Act is serv-ing in a position that is covered by an amend-ment made by this section, the continued service of that officer in such position after the date of the enactment of this Act shall not be affected by that amendment. 
SEC. 503. ENHANCEMENT OF MILITARY PER-
SONNEL AUTHORITIES IN CONNEC-TION WITH THE DEFENSE ACQUISI-TION WORKFORCE. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF ACQUISITION MATTERS WITH-
INJOINT MATTERS FOR OFFICER MANAGEMENT .— 
(1) J OINT MATTERS .—Subsection (a)(1) of sec-
tion 688 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) acquisition addressed by military per-
sonnel acting under chapter 87 of this title.’’. 
(2) J
OINT DUTY ASSIGNMENT .—Subsection 
(b)(1)(A) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘limited to assignments in which’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘limited to— 
‘‘(i) assignments in which the officer gains 
significant experience in joint matters; and 
‘‘(ii) assignments pursuant to chapter 87 of 
this title; and’’. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR MILITARY PERSONNEL  
IN THE ACQUISITION FIELD.— 
(1) C ONSULTATION OF SERVICE CHIEFS IN POLI -
CIES AND GUIDANCE .—Subsection (a) of section 
1722a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘such military department)’’ the following: ‘‘, in consultation with the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Oper-ations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps (with re-spect to the armed force under the jurisdiction of each),’’. 
(2) E
NHANCED CAREER PATHS FOR PER -
SONNEL .—Subsection (b) of such section is 
amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘single- 
tracked’’ before ‘‘career path’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as 
paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) A dual-tracked career path that attracts 
the highest quality officers and enlisted per-sonnel and allows them to gain experience in, and receive credit for, a primary career in com-bat arms and a functional secondary career in the acquisition field in order to more closely align the military operational requirements and acquisition workforces of each armed force.’’. 
(c) J
OINT PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDU-
CATION .— 
(1) I NCLUSION OF BUSINESS AND COMMERCIAL  
TRAINING IN JOINT PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDU -
CATION .—Subsection (a) of section 2151 of title 
10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Joint profes-
sional military education’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence and insert-
ing the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) The subject matter to be covered by joint 
professional military education shall include at least the following: 
‘‘(A) National Military Strategy. ‘‘(B) Joint planning at all levels of war. ‘‘(C) Joint doctrine. ‘‘(D) Joint command and control. ‘‘(E) Joint force and joint requirements devel-
opment. 
‘‘(F) Operational contract support. ‘‘(3) In lieu of the subject matters covered by 
paragraph (2), or in supplement to one or more of such matters, the subject matter to be covered by joint professional military education may in-clude subjects addressed in training programs under section 2013(a) of this title by, in, or through organizations described in paragraph (2)(D) of that section.’’. 
(2) S
ENIOR LEVEL SERVICE SCHOOLS .—Sub-
section (b)(1) of such section is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) A training program section 2013(a) of this 
title by, in, or through an organization de-scribed in paragraph (2)(D) of that section.’’. 
(3) T
HREE-PHASE APPROACH .—Section 
2154(a)(2) of such title is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘in residence at’’; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-
ing the following new subparagraph (A): 
‘‘(A) in residence at the Joint Forces Staff 
College;’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘a senior 
level service school’’ and inserting ‘‘in residence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4377 June 22, 2015 
at a senior level service school, or by, in, or 
though a senior level service school described in section 2151(b)(1)(E) of this title,’’. 
(4) J
OINT PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION  
PHASE II .—Section 2155 of such title is amend-
ed— 
(A) in subsection (b)— (i) in the subsection caption, by inserting 
‘‘
FORJOINT MILITARY SUBJECTS ’’ after ‘‘P HASE 
II REQUIREMENTS ’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘described in section 
2151(a)(2) of this title’’ after ‘‘joint professional military education’’; 
(B) in subsection (c)— (i) in the subsection caption, by inserting 
‘‘
FOR JOINT MILITARY SUBJECTS ’’ after ‘‘C UR-
RICULUM CONTENT ’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 2151(a)’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 2151(a)(2)’’; and 
(iii) by inserting ‘‘described in such section’’ 
after ‘‘joint professional military education’’; 
(C) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); 
(D) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) C URRICULUM CONTENT FOR BUSINESS AND  
COMMERCIAL TRAINING .—The curriculum for 
Phase II joint professional military education described in section 2151(a)(3) of this title shall include such matters as the Secretary shall specify in connection with training programs described in that section in order to satisfy re-quirements for successful performance in the ac-quisition or acquisition-related field.’’; and 
(E) in subsection (e), as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (C), by inserting ‘‘(other than a serv-ice school described in section 2151(b)(1)(E) of this title)’’ after ‘‘senior level service school’’. 
(d) A
CQUISITION -RELATED FUNCTIONS OF SERV-
ICECHIEFS .—Section 2547 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘this sub-
section’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (d); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORT ON PROMOTION RATES 
FOR OFFICERS IN ACQUISITION POSITIONS .—(1) 
Not later than January 1 each year, the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Oper-ations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall each submit to Congress a report on the promotion rates during the preceding fiscal year of officers who are serving in, or have served in, positions covered by chapter 87 of this title, and officers who have been certified under that chapter, in the grades specified in paragraph (2). If pro-motion rates for any such grade of officers failed to meet objectives for the fiscal year con-cerned for promotion rates for such grade, the chief of the armed force concerned shall include in the report for such fiscal year information on such failure and on the actions taken or to be taken by such chief to prevent further such fail-ures. 
‘‘(2) The grades specified in this paragraph 
are as follows: 
‘‘(A) The grade of colonel (or captain, in the 
case of the Navy). 
‘‘(B) The grade of lieutenant colonel (or com-
mander, in the case of the Navy). 
‘‘(C) The grade of major (or lieutenant com-
mander, in the case of the Navy).’’. 
SEC. 504. ENHANCED FLEXIBILITY FOR DETER-
MINATION OF OFFICERS TO CON-TINUE ON ACTIVE DUTY AND FOR SE-LECTIVE EARLY RETIREMENT AND EARLY DISCHARGE. 
Section 638a(d)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘officers consid-ered—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘offi-cers considered.’’. SEC. 505. AUTHORITY TO DEFER UNTIL AGE 68 
MANDATORY RETIREMENT FOR AGE OF A GENERAL OR FLAG OFFICER SERVING AS CHIEF OR DEPUTY CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE ARMY, NAVY, OR AIR FORCE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 1253 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION FOR CHIEFS OF CHAPLAINS  
AND DEPUTY CHIEFS OF CHAPLAINS .—The Sec-
retary of the military department concerned may defer the retirement under subsection (a) of an officer serving in a general or flag officer grade who is the Chief of Chaplains or Deputy Chief of Chaplains of that officer’s armed force. Such a deferment may not extend beyond the first day of the month following the month in which the officer becomes 68 years of age.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) H EADING .—The heading of such section is 
amended by striking ‘‘ exception ’’ and inserting 
‘‘exceptions ’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 63 of such title is amended in the item relating to section 1253 by striking ‘‘exception’’ and inserting ‘‘excep-tions’’. 
SEC. 506. REINSTATEMENT OF ENHANCED AU-
THORITY FOR SELECTIVE EARLY DIS-CHARGE OF WARRANT OFFICERS. 
Section 580a of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘November 
30, 1993, and ending on October 1, 1999’’ and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2015, and ending on October 1, 2019’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as 
paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively. 
SEC. 507. AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT WARRANT OF-
FICER RETIRED GRADE DETERMINA-TIONS. 
Section 1371 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘highest’’ after ‘‘in the’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘that he held on the day before 
the date of his retirement, or in any higher war-rant officer grade’’. 
Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
SEC. 511. AUTHORITY TO DESIGNATE CERTAIN 
RESERVE OFFICERS AS NOT TO BE CONSIDERED FOR SELECTION FOR PROMOTION. 
Section 14301 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(j) C
ERTAIN OFFICERS NOTTOBECONSID -
ERED FOR SELECTION FOR PROMOTION .—The Sec-
retary of the military department concerned may provide that an officer who is in an active status, but is in a duty status in which the only points the officer accrues under section 12732(a)(2) of this title are pursuant to subpara-graph (C)(i) of that section (relating to member-ship in a reserve component), shall not be con-sidered for selection for promotion at any time the officer otherwise would be so considered. Any such officer may remain on the reserve ac-tive-status list.’’. 
SEC. 512. CLARIFICATION OF PURPOSE OF RE-
SERVE COMPONENT SPECIAL SELEC-TION BOARDS AS LIMITED TO COR-RECTION OF ERROR AT A MANDA-TORY PROMOTION BOARD. 
Section 14502(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘a selection board’’ and inserting ‘‘a mandatory promotion board convened under section 14101(a) of this title’’; and 
(B) in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by striking 
‘‘selection board’’ and inserting ‘‘mandatory promotion board’’; and 
(2) in the first sentence of paragraph (3), by 
striking ‘‘selection board’’ and inserting ‘‘man-datory promotion board’’. SEC. 513. RECONCILIATION OF CONTRADICTORY 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CITIZEN-SHIP QUALIFICATIONS FOR ENLIST-
MENT IN THE RESERVE COMPO-NENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 12102(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(1) that person has met the citizenship or 
residency requirements established in section 504(b)(1) of this title; or 
‘‘(2) that person is authorized to enlist by the 
Secretary concerned under section 504(b)(2) of this title.’’. 
SEC. 514. AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN AIR FORCE 
RESERVE COMPONENT PERSONNEL TO PROVIDE TRAINING AND IN-STRUCTION REGARDING PILOT IN-STRUCTOR TRAINING. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—During fiscal year 2016, the 
Secretary of the Air Force may authorize per-sonnel described in paragraph (2) to provide training and instruction regarding pilot instruc-tor training to the following: 
(A) Members of the Armed Forces on active 
duty. 
(B) Members of foreign military forces who are 
in the United States. 
(2) P
ERSONNEL .—The personnel described in 
this paragraph are the following: 
(A) Members of the reserve components of the 
Air Force on active Guard and Reserve duty (as that term is defined in section 101(d) of title 10, United States Code) who are not otherwise au-thorized to conduct the training described in paragraph (1) due to the limitations in section 10216 of title 10, United States Code. 
(B) Members of the Air Force who are military 
technicians (dual status) who are not otherwise authorized to conduct the training described in paragraph (1) due to the limitations in section 328(b) of title 32, United States Code 
(3) L
IMITATION .—The total number of per-
sonnel described in paragraph (2) who may pro-vide training and instruction under the author-ity in paragraph (1) at any one time may not ex-ceed 50. 
(4) F
EDERAL TORT CLAIMS ACT .—Members of 
the uniformed services described in paragraph (2) who provide training and instruction pursu-ant to the authority in paragraph (1) shall be covered by the Federal Tort Claims Act for pur-poses of any claim arising from the employment of such individuals under that authority. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan to eliminate pilot instructor shortages within the Air Force using authorities available to the Sec-retary under current law. 
Subtitle C—General Service Authorities 
SEC. 521. DUTY REQUIRED FOR ELIGIBILITY FOR 
PRESEPARATION COUNSELING FOR MEMBERS BEING DISCHARGED OR RELEASED FROM ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR 180 C ONTINUOUS DAYS 
OFACTIVE DUTY SERVICE FOR ELIGIBILITY .— 
Subparagraph (A) of section 1142(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘continuous’’ after ‘‘first 180’’. 
(b) E
XCLUSION OF TRAINING FROMPERIODS OF  
ACTIVE DUTY.—Such section is further amended 
by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: 
‘‘(C) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
term ‘active duty’ does not include full-time training duty, annual training duty, and at-tendance, while in the active military service, at a school designated as a service school by law or by the Secretary of the military department con-cerned.’’. 
SEC. 522. EXPANSION OF PILOT PROGRAMS ON 
CAREER FLEXIBILITY TO ENHANCE RETENTION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 533 of the Duncan Hunter National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4378 June 22, 2015 
(10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is amended by striking 
subsections (b) and (c). 
SEC. 523. SENSE OF SENATE ON DEVELOPMENT 
OF GENDER-NEUTRAL OCCUPA-TIONAL STANDARDS FOR OCCUPA-TIONAL ASSIGNMENTS IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDING .—The Senate remains interested 
in the integration of women into the combat arms of the Armed Forces and the development of gender-neutral occupational standards for occupational assignments in the Armed Forces. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the development of gender-neutral occupa-
tional standards is vital in determining the oc-cupational assignments of all members of the Armed Forces; 
(2) studies being conducted by the Armed 
Forces are important to the development of these standards and should incorporate the best sci-entific practices available; and 
(3) the Armed Forces should consider such 
studies on these standards carefully in order to ensure that— 
(A) such studies do not result in unnecessary 
barriers to service in the Armed Forces; and 
(B) all decisions on occupational assignments 
in the Armed Forces— 
(i) are based on an objective analysis of the 
tasks required to perform the occupational as-signment concerned; and 
(ii) do not negatively impact the required com-
bat capabilities of the Armed Forces, including units whose primary mission is to engage in di-rect combat at the tactical level. 
SEC. 524. SENSE OF CONGRESS RECOGNIZING 
THE DIVERSITY OF THE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The United States military includes indi-
viduals with a variety of national, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds that have roots all over the world. 
(2) In addition to diverse backgrounds, mem-
bers of the Armed Forces come from numerous religious traditions, including Christian, Hindu, Jewish, Muslim, Sikh, non-denominational, nonpracticing, and many more. 
(3) Members of the Armed Forces from diverse 
backgrounds and religious traditions have lost their lives or been injured defending the na-tional security of the United States. 
(4) Diversity contributes to the strength of the 
Armed Forces, and service members from dif-ferent backgrounds and religious traditions share the same goal of defending the United States. 
(5) The unity of the Armed Forces reflects the 
strength in diversity that makes the United States a great Nation. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— 
(1) continue to recognize and promote diver-
sity in the Armed Forces; and 
(2) honor those from all diverse backgrounds 
and religious traditions who have made sac-rifices in serving the United States through the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle D—Member Education and Training 
PART I—EDUCATIONAL ASSISTANCE 
REFORM 
SEC. 531. LIMITATION ON TUITION ASSISTANCE 
FOR OFF-DUTY TRAINING OR EDU-CATION. 
Section 2007(a) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by inserting ‘‘, but only if the Sec-retary determines that such education or train-ing is likely to contribute to the member’s pro-fessional development’’ after ‘‘during the mem-ber’s off-duty periods’’. 
SEC. 532. TERMINATION OF PROGRAM OF EDU-
CATIONAL ASSISTANCE FOR RE-SERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS SUP-PORTING CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS AND OTHER OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1607 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 16167. Sunset 
‘‘(a) S
UNSET .—The authority to provide edu-
cational assistance under this chapter shall ter-minate on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON PROVISION OF ASSISTANCE  
PENDING SUNSET .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this chapter, during the period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 and ending on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of that Act, educational assistance may be provided under this chapter only to a member otherwise eligible for educational assistance under this chapter who received educational assistance under this chapter for a course of study at an educational institution for the enrollment period at the educational institution that immediately preceded the date of the enactment of that Act.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 1607 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘16167. Sunset.’’. 
SEC. 533. REPORTS ON EDUCATIONAL LEVELS AT-
TAINED BY CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AT TIME OF SEPARATION FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS REQUIRED .—Each Sec-
retary concerned shall submit to Congress each year a report on the educational levels attained by members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (b) under the jurisdiction of such Secretary who separated from the Armed Forces during the preceding year. 
(b) C
OVERED MEMBERS .—The members of the 
Armed Forces described in this subsection are members of the Armed Forces who transferred unused education benefits to family members pursuant to section 3319 of title 38, United States Code, while serving as members of the Armed Forces. 
(c) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 534. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON TRANSFER-
ABILITY OF UNUSED EDUCATION BENEFITS TO FAMILY MEMBERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of Congress 
that each Secretary concerned should— 
(1) exercise the authority in section 3319(a) of 
title 38, United States Code, relating to the transferability of unused education benefits to family members, in a manner that encourages the retention of individuals in the Armed Forces; and 
(2) be more selective in permitting such trans-
ferability. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘Armed Forces’’ and ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 535. NO ENTITLEMENT TO UNEMPLOYMENT 
INSURANCE WHILE RECEIVING POST-9/11 EDUCATION ASSISTANCE. 
Section 8525(b) of title 5, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the 
semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) an educational assistance allowance 
under chapter 33 of title 38.’’. 
PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 536. REPEAL OF STATUTORY SPECIFICATION 
OF MINIMUM DURATION OF IN-RESI-DENT INSTRUCTION FOR COURSES OF INSTRUCTION OFFERED AS PART OF PHASE II JOINT PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT FOR  
IN-RESIDENT INSTRUCTION .—Section 2154(a)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by striking ‘‘taught in residence at’’ and inserting ‘‘offered through’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF STATUTORY DURATIONAL MIN-
IMUM .— 
(1) R EPEAL .—Section 2156 of such title is re-
pealed. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 107 of such title amended by striking the item relating to section 2156. 
SEC. 537. QUALITY ASSURANCE OF CERTIFI-
CATION PROGRAMS AND STANDARDS FOR PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS OBTAINED BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, as 
amended by section 551 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3376), is further amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) Q
UALITY ASSURANCE OF CERTIFICATION  
PROGRAMS AND STANDARDS .—(1) Commencing 
not later than three years after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016, each Secretary concerned shall ensure that any credentialing program used in connection with the program under subsection (a) is accredited by an accredi-tation body that meets the requirements speci-fied in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) The requirements for accreditation bodies 
specified in this paragraph are requirements that an accreditation body— 
‘‘(A) be an independent body that has in place 
mechanisms to ensure objectivity and impar-tiality in its accreditation activities; 
‘‘(B) meet a recognized national or inter-
national standard that directs its policy and procedures regarding accreditation; 
‘‘(C) apply a recognized national or inter-
national certification standard in making its ac-creditation decisions regarding certification bod-ies and programs; 
‘‘(D) conduct on-site visits, as applicable, to 
verify the documents and records submitted by credentialing bodies for accreditation; 
‘‘(E) have in place policies and procedures to 
ensure due process when addressing complaints and appeals regarding its accreditation activi-ties; 
‘‘(F) conduct regular training to ensure con-
sistent and reliable decisions among reviewers conducting accreditations; and 
‘‘(G) meet such other criteria as the Secretary 
concerned considers appropriate in order to en-sure quality in its accreditation activities.’’. 
SEC. 538. SUPPORT FOR ATHLETIC PROGRAMS OF 
THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 403 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 4362. Support of athletic and physical fit-
ness programs 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) C ONTRACTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .—The Secretary of the Army may enter 
into contracts and cooperative agreements with the Army West Point Athletic Association for the purpose of supporting the athletic and phys-ical fitness programs of the Academy. Notwith-standing section 2304(k) of this title, the Sec-retary may enter such contracts or cooperative agreements on a sole source basis pursuant to section 2304(c)(5) of this title. Notwithstanding chapter 63 of title 31, a cooperative agreement under this section may be used to acquire prop-erty or services for the direct benefit or use of the Academy. 
‘‘(2) F
INANCIAL CONTROLS .—(A) Before enter-
ing into a contract or cooperative agreement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4379 June 22, 2015 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ensure 
that such contract or agreement includes appro-priate financial controls to account for Academy and Association resources in accordance with accepted accounting principles. 
‘‘(B) Any such contract or cooperative agree-
ment shall contain a provision that allows the Secretary, at the Secretary’s discretion, to re-view the financial accounts of the Association to determine whether the operations of the Asso-ciation— 
‘‘(i) are consistent with the terms of the con-
tract or cooperative agreement; and 
‘‘(ii) will not compromise the integrity or ap-
pearance of integrity of any program of the De-partment of the Army. 
‘‘(3) L
EASES .—Section 2667(h) of this title shall 
not apply to any leases the Secretary may enter into with the Association for the purpose of sup-porting the athletic and physical fitness pro-grams of the Academy. 
‘‘(b) S
UPPORT SERVICES .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—To the extent required by a 
contract or cooperative agreement under sub-section (a), the Secretary may provide support services to the Association while the Association conducts its support activities at the Academy. The Secretary may provide support services de-scribed in paragraph (2) only if the Secretary determines that the provision of such services is essential for the support of the athletic and physical fitness programs of the Academy. 
‘‘(2) S
UPPORT SERVICES DEFINED .—(A) In this 
subsection, the term ‘support services’ includes utilities, office furnishings and equipment, com-munications services, records staging and archiving, audio and video support, and secu-rity systems in conjunction with the leasing or licensing of property. 
‘‘(B) Such term includes— ‘‘(i) housing for Association personnel on 
United States Army Garrison, West Point, New York; and 
‘‘(ii) enrollment of dependents of Association 
personnel in elementary and secondary schools under the same criteria applied to dependents of Federal employees under section 2164(a) of this title, except that educational services provided pursuant to this clause shall be provided on a reimbursable basis. 
‘‘(3) N
O LIABILITY OF THE UNITED STATES .— 
Any such support services may only be provided without any liability of the United States to the Association. 
‘‘(c) A
CCEPTANCE OF SUPPORT .— 
‘‘(1) S UPPORT RECEIVED FROM THE ASSOCIA -
TION.—Notwithstanding section 1342 of title 31, 
the Secretary may accept from the Association funds, supplies, and services for the support of the athletic and physical fitness programs of the Academy. For the purposes of this section, em-ployees or personnel of the Association may not be considered to be employees of the United States. 
‘‘(2) F
UNDS RECEIVED FROM NCAA .—The Sec-
retary may accept funds from the National Col-legiate Athletic Association to support the ath-letic and physical fitness programs of the Acad-emy. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that contributions under this subsection and ex-penditure of funds pursuant to subsection (e) do not reflect unfavorably on the ability of the De-partment of the Army, any of its employees, or any member of the armed forces to carry out any responsibility or duty in a fair and objective manner, or compromise the integrity or appear-ance of integrity of any program of the Depart-ment of the Army, or any individual involved in such a program. 
‘‘(d) T
RADEMARKS AND SERVICE MARKS.— 
‘‘(1) L ICENSING , MARKETING , AND SPONSORSHIP  
AGREEMENTS .—An agreement under subsection 
(a) may, consistent with section 2260 of this title (other than subsection (d) of such section), au-thorize the Association to enter into licensing, marketing, and sponsorship agreements relating to trademarks and service marks identifying the Academy, subject to the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Army. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—No licensing, marketing, 
or sponsorship agreement may be entered into under paragraph (1) if— 
‘‘(A) such agreement would reflect unfavor-
ably on the ability of the Department of the Army, any of its employees, or any member of the armed forces to carry out any responsibility or duty in a fair and objective manner; or 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that the use of 
the trademark or service mark would com-promise the integrity or appearance of integrity of any program of the Department of the Army, or any individual involved in such a program. 
‘‘(e) R
ETENTION AND USE OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any funds received by the 
Secretary under this section other than money rentals received for property leased pursuant to section 2667 of this title shall be used by the Academy for one or more of the following pur-poses: 
‘‘(A) To benefit participating cadets. ‘‘(B) To enhance the ability of the Academy to 
compete against other colleges and universities. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Funds de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(f) S
ERVICE ON ASSOCIATION BOARD OF DI-
RECTORS .—The Association is a designated enti-
ty for which authorization under sections 1033(a) and 1589(a) of this title may be provided. 
‘‘(g) C
ONDITIONS .—The authority provided in 
this section with respect to the Association is available only so long as the Association con-tinues— 
‘‘(1) to qualify as a nonprofit organization 
under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and operates in accordance with this section, the law of the State of New York, and the constitution and bylaws of the Associa-tion; and 
‘‘(2) to operate exclusively to support the ath-
letic and physical fitness programs of the Acad-emy. 
‘‘(h) A
SSOCIATION DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘Association’ means the Army West Point Athletic Association.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 403 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘4362. Support of athletic and physical fitness 
programs.’’. 
SEC. 539. ONLINE ACCESS TO THE HIGHER EDU-
CATION COMPONENT OF THE TRAN-SITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) N OTICE TO PROGRAM PARTICIPANTS OF  
AVAILABILITY OF COMPONENT ONLINE THROUGH  
THEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—If a member of 
the Armed Forces, veteran, or dependent re-quests a certificate of eligibility from the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to prove the eligibility of the member, veteran, or dependent, as the case may be, for educational assistance under chapter 33 of title 38, United States Code, the Secretary shall notify the member, veteran, or dependent of the availability of the higher edu-cation component of the Transition Assistance Program (TAP) on the Transition GPS Stand-alone Training Internet website of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF COMPONENT ONLINE  
THROUGH THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-
FAIRS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall, in collaboration with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, assess the feasibility of— 
(A) providing access for veterans and depend-
ents to the higher education component of the Transition Assistance Program on the eBenefits Internet website of the Department of Veterans Affairs; and 
(B) tracking the completion of that component 
through that Internet website. 
(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth a description of the cost and length of time 
required to provide access and begin tracking completion of the higher education component of the Transition Assistance Program as de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
Subtitle E—Military Justice 
SEC. 546. MODIFICATION OF RULE 304 OF THE 
MILITARY RULES OF EVIDENCE RE-LATING TO THE CORROBORATION OF A CONFESSION OR ADMISSION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, Rule 304(c) of the Mili-tary Rules of Evidence shall be modified as fol-lows: 
(1) To provide that an admission or a confes-
sion of the accused may be considered as evi-dence against the accused on the question of guilt or innocence only if independent evidence, either direct or circumstantial, has been admit-ted into evidence which would tend to establish the trustworthiness of the admission or confes-sion. 
(2) To provide that not every element or fact 
contained in the admission or confession must be independently proven for the admission or confession to be admitted into evidence in its en-tirety. 
(3) To strike the rule that if independent evi-
dence raises an inference of the truth of some but not all of the essential facts admitted, the confession or admission may be considered as evidence against the accused only with respect to those essential facts stated in the confession or admission that are corroborated by the inde-pendent evidence. 
(4) With respect to the quantum of evidence 
needed to establish corroboration, to provide that the independent evidence need raise only an inference of the truth of the admission or confession. 
SEC. 547. MODIFICATION OF RULE 104 OF THE 
RULES FOR COURTS-MARTIAL TO ES-TABLISH CERTAIN PROHIBITIONS CONCERNING EVALUATIONS OF SPE-CIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, Rule 104(b) of the Rules for Courts-Martial shall be modified to provide that the prohibitions concerning evaluations es-tablished by that Rule shall apply to the giving of a less favorable rating or evaluation to any member of the Armed Forces serving as a Special Victims’ Counsel because of the zeal with which such counsel represented a victim. 
SEC. 548. RIGHT OF VICTIMS OF OFFENSES 
UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE TO TIMELY DIS-CLOSURE OF CERTAIN MATERIALS AND INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH PROSECUTION OF OFFENSES. 
Section 806b(a) of title 10, United States Code 
(article 6b(a) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through 
(8) as paragraphs (4) through (9), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (3): 
‘‘(3) The right to the timely disclosure by trial 
counsel to the victim (or the Special Victims’ Counsel of the victim if the victim is so rep-resented) of the following: 
‘‘(A) Any charges and specifications related to 
the offense. 
‘‘(B) Any motions filed by trial counsel or de-
fense counsel in connection with the court-mar-tial of the offense, unless otherwise protected from disclosure. 
‘‘(C) All statements by the accused related to 
the offense. 
‘‘(D) Any statement by the victim in connec-
tion with the offense that is in the possession of the government. 
‘‘(E) Any portions relating to the victim in 
any report of an investigation of the offense that is in the possession of the government. 
‘‘(F) In the event the staff judge advocate ad-
vises pursuant to section 834 of this title (article 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4380 June 22, 2015 
34) that any charge or specification in connec-
tion with the offense not be referred for trial, the advice making such recommendation, with such advice to be so provided before the con-vening authority acts on the advice.’’. 
SEC. 549. ENFORCEMENT OF CERTAIN CRIME VIC-
TIMS’ RIGHTS BY THE COURT OF CRIMINAL APPEALS. 
Section 806b of title 10, United States Code 
(article 6b of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) E
NFORCEMENT OF CERTAIN RIGHTS BY  
COURT OF CRIMINAL APPEALS .—(1)(A) If the vic-
tim of an offense under this chapter believes that a preliminary hearing ruling under section 832 of this title (article 32), or a court-martial ruling, violates the victim’s rights afforded by a section (article) or rule specified in paragraph (2), the victim may file an interlocutory appeal of such ruling by petitioning the Court of Crimi-nal Appeals for an order to require the judge advocate conducting such preliminary hearing, or the court-martial, as the case may be, to com-ply with the section (article) or rule, as applica-ble. 
‘‘(B) A victim of an offense under this chapter 
who is subject to an order to submit to a deposi-tion notwithstanding the fact that the victim shall be available to testify at the court-martial of the offense may file an interlocutory appeal of such order by petitioning the Court of Crimi-nal Appeals for an order to quash such order. 
‘‘(C) The Court of Criminal Appeals shall pro-
vide a de novo review of the question or ques-tions raised by a petition filed under this para-graph. A single judge or panel of judges shall take up and decide the petition within 72 hours after the petition is filed. 
‘‘(2) Paragraph (1)(A) applies with respect to 
the protections afforded by the following: 
‘‘(A) This section (article). ‘‘(B) Military Rule of Evidence 412, relating to 
the admission of evidence regarding a victim’s sexual background. 
‘‘(C) Military Rule of Evidence 513, relating to 
the psychotherapist-patient privilege. 
‘‘(D) Military Rule of Evidence 514, relating to 
the victim advocate-victim privilege. 
‘‘(E) Military Rule of Evidence 615, relating to 
the exclusion of witnesses. 
‘‘(3) The proceedings of a preliminary hearing 
under section 832 of this title (article 32), or a court-martial, may not be stayed or subject to a continuance of more than five days for purposes of enforcing this subsection. If the Court of Criminal Appeals denies the relief sought, the reasons for the denial shall be clearly stated on the record in a written opinion.’’. 
SEC. 550. RELEASE TO VICTIMS UPON REQUEST 
OF COMPLETE RECORD OF PRO-CEEDINGS AND TESTIMONY OF COURTS-MARTIAL IN CASES IN WHICH SENTENCES ADJUDGED COULD INCLUDE PUNITIVE DIS-CHARGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 854(e) of title 10, 
United States Code (article 54(e) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; (2) in paragraph (1), as so designated, by in-
serting ‘‘or the victim requests such records’’ be-fore the period at the end of the first sentence; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) In the case of a general or special court- 
martial involving an offense (other than an of-fense covered by paragraph (1)) for which the sentence as adjudged could include punitive dis-charge from the armed forces, a copy of all pre-pared records of the proceedings of the court- martial shall be given to the victim of the of-fense if the victim requests such records. 
‘‘(3) Records given to a victim under this sub-
section at the request of the victim in a case where the court-martial concerned resulted in 
the acquittal of the accused may include restric-tions on release or use of such records or infor-mation in such records in order to protect the privacy or other interests of the accused.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to courts-martial first convened on or after that date. 
SEC. 551. REPRESENTATION AND ASSISTANCE OF 
VICTIMS BY SPECIAL VICTIMS’ COUN-SEL IN QUESTIONING BY MILITARY CRIMINAL INVESTIGATORS. 
Section 1044e(f) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3)(A) In carrying out paragraph (1), a mili-
tary criminal investigator seeking to question an 
individual eligible for the assistance of a Special Victims’ Counsel under this section shall inform the individual of the individual’s right to be represented by a Special Victims’ Counsel in connection with such questioning. 
‘‘(B) If an individual described in subpara-
graph (A) requests representation by a Special Victims’ Counsel in connection with questioning described in that subparagraph— 
‘‘(i) a Special Victims’ Counsel shall represent 
and assist the individual during and in connec-tion with such questioning; 
‘‘(ii) the military criminal investigator shall 
contact and question the individual only through the Special Victims’ Counsel rep-resenting the individual; and 
‘‘(iii) the military criminal investigation may 
not contact or question the individual without the consent of such Special Victims’ Counsel. 
‘‘(C) Nothing in this paragraph confers any 
right on an accused under investigation. 
‘‘(D) A violation of this paragraph shall not 
be a basis for the suppression of any statement of an individual described in subparagraph (A), or derivative evidence of such a statement, in a proceeding against a person accused with com-mitting an offense against such individual.’’. 
SEC. 552. AUTHORITY OF SPECIAL VICTIMS’ 
COUNSEL TO PROVIDE LEGAL CON-SULTATION AND ASSISTANCE IN CONNECTION WITH VARIOUS GOV-ERNMENT PROCEEDINGS. 
Section 1044e(b) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (9) as para-
graph (10); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (9): 
‘‘(9) Legal consultation and assistance in con-
nection with— 
‘‘(A) any complaint against the Government, 
including an allegation under review by an in-spector general and a complaint regarding equal employment opportunities; 
‘‘(B) any request to the Government for infor-
mation, including a request under section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as a ‘Freedom of Information Act request’); and 
‘‘(C) any correspondence or other communica-
tions with Congress.’’. 
SEC. 553. ENHANCEMENT OF CONFIDENTIALITY 
OF RESTRICTED REPORTING OF SEX-UAL ASSAULT IN THE MILITARY. 
(a) P REEMPTION OF STATE LAWTOENSURE  
CONFIDENTIALITY OF REPORTING .—Subsection 
(b) of section 1565b of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) In the case of information disclosed pur-
suant to paragraph (1), any State law or regula-tion that would require an individual specified in paragraph (2) to disclose the personally iden-tifiable information of the adult victim or al-leged perpetrator of the sexual assault to a State or local law enforcement agency shall not apply, except when reporting is necessary to prevent or mitigate a serious and imminent threat to the health or safety of an individual.’’. 
(b) C
LARIFICATION OF SCOPE.—Paragraph (1) 
of such subsection is amended by striking ‘‘a de-pendent’’ and inserting ‘‘an adult dependent’’. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—Such section is further 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) S EXUAL ASSAULT .—The term ‘sexual as-
sault’ includes the offenses of rape, sexual as-sault, forcible sodomy, aggravated sexual con-tact, abusive sexual contact, and attempts to commit such offenses, as punishable under ap-plicable Federal or State law. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ includes the 
District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and any territory or posses-sion of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 554. ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF COM-
PLEX INVESTIGATIONS WITHIN THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1101 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 10509. Office of Complex Investigations 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is in the National 
Guard Bureau an Office of Complex Investiga-tions (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’) under the authority, direction, and control of the Chief of the National Guard Bureau. 
‘‘(b) D
ISPOSITION AND FUNCTIONS .—The Office 
shall be organized, trained, equipped, and man-aged to conduct administrative investigations in order to assist the States in the organization, maintenance, and operation of the National Guard as follows: 
‘‘(1) In investigations of allegations of sexual 
assault involving members of the National Guard. 
‘‘(2) In Investigations in circumstances involv-
ing members of the National Guard in which other law enforcement agencies within the De-partment of Defense do not have, or have lim-ited, jurisdiction or authority to investigate. 
‘‘(3) In investigations in such other cir-
cumstances involving members of the National Guard as the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau may direct. 
‘‘(c) S
COPE OF INVESTIGATIVE AUTHORITY .— 
Individuals performing investigations described in subsection (b)(1) are authorized— 
‘‘(1) to have access to all records, reports, au-
dits, reviews, documents, papers, recommenda-tions, or other material available to the applica-ble establishment which relate to programs and operations with respect to the National Guard; and 
‘‘(2) to request such information or assistance 
as may be necessary for carrying out those du-ties from any Federal, State, or local govern-mental agency or unit thereof.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 1101 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘10509. Office of Complex Investigations.’’. 
SEC. 555. MODIFICATION OF DEADLINE FOR ES-
TABLISHMENT OF DEFENSE ADVI-SORY COMMITTEE ON INVESTIGA-TION, PROSECUTION, AND DEFENSE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 546(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and How-
ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3374; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by striking ‘‘not later than’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
SEC. 556. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REPORTS ON PRE-VENTION AND RESPONSE TO SEXUAL ASSAULT BY THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD AND THE ARMY RESERVE. 
(a) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than April 1, 
2016, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the preliminary assessment of the Comptroller Gen-eral (made pursuant to a review conducted by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4381 June 22, 2015 
the Comptroller General for purposes of this sec-
tion) of the extent to which the Army National Guard and the Army Reserve— 
(1) have in place policies and programs to pre-
vent and respond to incidents of sexual assault involving members of the Army National Guard or the Army Reserve, as applicable; 
(2) provide medical and mental health care 
services to members of the Army National Guard or the Army Reserve, as applicable, following a sexual assault; and 
(3) have identified whether the nature of serv-
ice in the Army National Guard or the Army Re-serve, as the case may be, poses challenges to the prevention of or response to sexual assault. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL REPORTS .—If after submitting 
the report required by subsection (a) the Comp-troller General makes additional assessments as a result of the review described in that sub-section, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress such reports on such additional assess-ments as the Comptroller General considers ap-propriate. 
SEC. 557. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE SERVICE 
OF MILITARY FAMILIES AND ON SEN-TENCING RETIREMENT-ELIGIBLE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) Military families serve alongside their 
member of the Armed Forces, enduring hard-ships, lending support, and contributing to the member’s career. These family members endure frequent moves, long periods of separation, and other unique hardships associated with military life. 
(2) Innocent family members are sometimes in-
advertently punished when the member they de-pend on forfeits retirement benefit eligibility due to a court-martial sentence. 
(3) When a retirement-eligible member forfeits 
retirement eligibility, that member’s innocent family members lose the security of benefits they had planned for and helped earn. 
(4) Military juries may choose to impose un-
justly light sentences on convicted members out of concern for the innocent family members when a just sentence would require stripping the member of retirement eligibility. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress— 
(1) that military juries should not face the dif-
ficult choice between imposing a fair sentence or protecting the benefits of a member of the Armed Forces for the sake of innocent family members; 
(2) that innocent military family members of 
retirement-eligible members should not be made to forgo benefits they have sacrificed for and helped to earn; and 
(3) to welcome the opportunity to work with 
the Department of Defense to develop the nec-essary laws and regulations to improve the mili-tary justice system and to protect the benefits that military families have helped earn. 
Subtitle F—Defense Dependents Education 
and Military Family Readiness 
SEC. 561. CONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO AS-
SIST LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-CIES THAT BENEFIT DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITHSIGNIFICANT  
NUMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENTS .— 
Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide ac-tivities as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4301, $25,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local edu-cational agencies under subsection (a) of section 572 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). 
(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 8013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)). SEC. 562. IMPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITH SE-
VERE DISABILITIES. 
Of the amount authorized to be appropriated 
for fiscal year 2016 pursuant to section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for De-fense-wide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $5,000,000 shall be avail-able for payments under section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–77; 20 U.S.C. 7703a). 
SEC. 563. AUTHORITY TO USE APPROPRIATED 
FUNDS TO SUPPORT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STUDENT MEAL PRO-GRAMS IN DOMESTIC DEPENDENT ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 2243 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘the defense dependents’ edu-
cation system’’ and inserting ‘‘overseas defense dependents’ schools’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘students enrolled in that sys-
tem’’ and inserting ‘‘students enrolled in such a school’’; 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Department 
of Defense dependents’ schools which are lo-cated outside the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘overseas defense dependents’ schools’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(e) O
VERSEAS DEFENSE DEPENDENTS ’ SCHOOL  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘overseas de-
fense dependents’ school’ means the following: 
‘‘(1) A school established as part of the de-
fense dependents’ education system provided for under the Defense Dependents’ Education Act of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 921 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) An elementary or secondary school estab-
lished pursuant to section 2164 of this title that is located in a territory, commonwealth, or pos-session of the United States.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) H EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of 
such section is amended by inserting ‘‘ defense ’’ 
after ‘‘ overseas ’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 134 of such title is amended in the item relating to section 2243 by inserting ‘‘defense’’ after ‘‘over-seas’’. 
SEC. 564. BIENNIAL SURVEYS OF MILITARY DE-
PENDENTS ON MILITARY FAMILY READINESS MATTERS. 
(a) B IENNIAL SURVEYS REQUIRED .—The Direc-
tor of the Office of Family Policy of the Depart-ment of Defense shall undertake every other year a survey of adult dependents of members of the Armed Forces on the matters specified in subsection (b). Participation by dependents in the survey shall be voluntary. 
(b) M
ATTERS .—The matters specified in this 
subsection are the following: 
(1) Mental health of dependents of members of 
the Armed Forces. 
(2) Incidence of suicide and suicidal ideation 
among dependents of members of the Armed Forces. 
(3) Incidence of divorce among dependents of 
members of the Armed Forces. 
(4) Incidence of spousal abuse, child abuse, 
sexual assault, and harassment among depend-ents of members of the Armed Forces. 
(5) Financial health and financial literacy of 
military families. 
(6) Employment and education of dependents 
of members of the Armed Forces. 
(7) Adequacy and availability of child care for 
dependents of members of the Armed Forces. 
(8) Quality of programs for military families. (9) Such other matters relating to military 
family readiness as the Director considers ap-propriate. Subtitle G—Miscellaneous Reporting 
Requirements 
SEC. 571. EXTENSION OF SEMIANNUAL REPORTS 
ON THE INVOLUNTARY SEPARATION OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 525(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1724) is amended by striking ‘‘calendar years 2013 and 2014’’ and ‘‘each of calendar years 2013 through 2017’’. 
SEC. 572. REMOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT CAREER 
FIELD MANNING SHORTFALLS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for operation and maintenance for the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force, not more than 85 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 15 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the con-gressional defense committees the report de-scribed in subsection (b). 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on remotely piloted aircraft career field manning levels and actions the Air Force will take to rectify per-sonnel shortfalls. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) A description of current and projected 
manning requirements and inventory levels for remotely piloted aircraft systems. 
(B) A description of rated and non-rated offi-
cer and enlisted manning policies for authoriza-tion and inventory levels in effect for remotely piloted aircraft systems and units, to include whether remotely piloted aircraft duty is consid-ered as a permanent Air Force Specialty Code or treated as an ancillary single assignment duty, and if both are used, the division of authoriza-tions between permanently assigned personnel and those who will return to a different primary career field. 
(C) Comparisons to other Air Force manned 
combat aircraft systems and units with respect to personnel policies, manpower authorization levels, and projected personnel inventory. 
(D) Identification and assessment of mitiga-
tion actions to increase unit manning levels, in-cluding recruitment and retention bonuses, in-centive pay, use of enlisted personnel, and in-creased weighting to remotely piloted aircraft personnel on promotion boards, and to ensure the school house for remotely piloted aircraft personnel is sufficient to meet increased man-ning demands. 
(E) Analysis demonstrating the requirements 
determination for how remotely piloted aircraft pilot and sensor operators are selected, includ-ing whether individuals are prior rated or non- rated qualified, what prerequisite training or ex-perience is necessary, and required and types of basic and advanced qualification training for each mission design series of remotely piloted aircraft in the Air Force inventory. 
(F) Recommendations for changes to existing 
legislation required to implement mitigation ac-tions. 
(G) An assessment of the authorization levels 
of government civilian and contractor support required for sufficiency of remotely piloted air-craft career field manning. 
(H) A description and associated timeline of 
actions the Air Force will take to increase re-motely piloted aircraft career field manpower authorizations and manning levels to at least the equal of the normative levels of manning and readiness of all other combat aircraft career fields. 
(I) A description of any other matters con-
cerning remotely piloted aircraft career field manning levels the Secretary of the Air Force determines to be appropriate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4382 June 22, 2015 
(3) F ORM.—The report required under para-
graph (1) may be submitted in classified form, but shall also contain an unclassified executive summary and may contain an unclassified annex. 
(4) N
ONDUPLICATION OF EFFORT .—If any in-
formation required under paragraph (1) has been included in another report or notification previously submitted to Congress by law, the Secretary of the Air Force may provide a list of such reports and notifications at the time of submitting the report required under this sub-section in lieu of including such information in the report. 
Subtitle H—Other Matters 
PART I—FINANCIAL LITERACY AND PRE-
PAREDNESS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES 
SEC. 581. IMPROVEMENT OF FINANCIAL LIT-
ERACY AND PREPAREDNESS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 992 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘C
ONSUMER EDUCATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘F INAN-
CIALLITERACY TRAINING ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘education’’ 
in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘financial literacy training’’; 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘as’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘as’’ before ‘‘a component’’; (II) by striking ‘‘orientation’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (iii) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (J); and 
(iv) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(B) upon arrival at the first duty station; ‘‘(C) upon arrival at each duty station fol-
lowing the first duty station in the case of each member in pay grade E–4 or below or in pay grade O–3 or below; 
‘‘(D) on the date of promotion, in the case of 
each member in pay grade E–5 or below or in pay grade O–4 or below; 
‘‘(E) when the member vests in the Thrift Sav-
ings Plan (TSP); 
‘‘(F) at each major life event during the mem-
ber’s service, such as— 
‘‘(i) marriage; ‘‘(ii) divorce; ‘‘(iii) birth of first child; or ‘‘(iv) disabling sickness or condition; ‘‘(G) during leadership training; ‘‘(H) during pre-deployment training and dur-
ing post-deployment training; 
‘‘(I) at transition points in military service, 
such as— 
‘‘(i) transition from a regular component to a 
reserve component; 
‘‘(ii) separation from service; or 
‘‘(iii) retirement; and’’; and (v) in subparagraph (J), as redesignated by 
clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘as’’ before ‘‘a compo-nent’’; 
(D) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘(2)(B)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(2)(J)’’; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) The Secretary concerned shall prescribe 
regulations setting forth any additional events and circumstances (other than those described in paragraph (2)) for which the Secretary deter-mines that training under this subsection shall be required.’’. 
(b) F
INANCIAL LITERACY AND PREPAREDNESS  
SURVEY .—Such section is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection (d): 
‘‘(d) F INANCIAL LITERACY AND PREPAREDNESS  
SURVEY .—(1) The Director of the Defense Man-power Data Center shall annually include in 
the status of forces survey a survey of the status of the financial literacy and preparedness of members of the armed forces. 
‘‘(2) The results of the annual financial lit-
eracy and preparedness survey— 
‘‘(A) shall be used by each of the Secretaries 
concerned as a benchmark to evaluate and up-date training provided under this section; and 
‘‘(B) shall be submitted to the Committees on 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives.’’. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL FINANCIAL SERVICES COVERED  
BYLITERACY TRAINING .—Subsection (e) of such 
section, as redesignated by subsection (b)(1) of this section, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) Health insurance, budget management, 
Thrift Savings Plan (TSP), retirement lump sum payments (including rollover options and tax consequences), and Survivor Benefit Plan (SBP).’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 992. Financial literacy training: financial 
services’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 50 of such title is amended by striking the item related to section 992 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘992. Financial literacy training: financial serv-
ices.’’. 
SEC. 582. FINANCIAL LITERACY TRAINING WITH 
RESPECT TO CERTAIN FINANCIAL SERVICES FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary concerned 
shall provide the financial literacy training under section 992 of title 10, United States Code, for the financial services described in paragraph (4) of section 992(e) of such title (as amended and added by section 581 of this Act) to members of the uniformed services under the jurisdiction of such Secretary commencing not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘uniformed services’’ and ‘‘Secretary con-cerned’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 583. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FINANCIAL 
LITERACY AND PREPAREDNESS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense should strengthen 
arrangements with other departments and agen-cies of the Federal Government, as well as with nonprofit organizations, in order to improve the financial literacy and preparedness of members of the Armed Forces; and 
(2) the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff 
and the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces should provide support for the financial literacy and preparedness training carried out under section 992 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by section 581 of this Act). 
PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 586. AUTHORITY FOR APPLICATIONS FOR 
CORRECTION OF MILITARY RECORDS TO BE INITIATED BY THE SEC-RETARY CONCERNED. 
Section 1552(b) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘or his heir or legal representa-
tive’’ and inserting ‘‘(or the claimant’s heir or legal representative) or the Secretary con-cerned’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘he discovers’’ and inserting 
‘‘discovering’’. 
SEC. 587. RECORDATION OF OBLIGATIONS FOR 
INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS OF INCEN-TIVE PAYS, ALLOWANCES, AND SIMI-LAR BENEFITS WHEN PAYMENT IS DUE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 19 of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1015. Recordation of installment payment 
obligations for incentive pays and similar benefits 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In the case of any pay, al-
lowance, bonus, or other benefit described in subsection (b) that is paid to a member of the uniformed services on an installment basis, each installment payment shall be charged to appro-priations that are available for obligation at the time such payment is payable. 
‘‘(b) C
OVERED PAY AND BENEFITS .—Subsection 
(a) applies to any incentive pay, special pay, or bonus, or similar periodic payment of pay or al-lowances, or of educational benefits or stipends, that is paid to a member of the uniformed serv-ices under this title or title 10.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 19 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1015. Recordation of installment payment obli-
gations for incentive pays and similar benefits.’’. 
SEC. 588. ENHANCEMENTS TO YELLOW RIBBON 
REINTEGRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) S COPE AND PURPOSE .—Section 582 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘combat vet-
eran’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘informa-
tional events and activities’’ and inserting ‘‘in-formation, events, and activities’’. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—Such section is further 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘National 
Guard and Reserve members and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘members of 
the reserve components of the Armed Forces, their families,’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individ-uals’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘mem-
bers of the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
(4) in subsection (h), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘members of the Armed Forces 
and their family members’’ and inserting ‘‘eligi-ble individuals’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘such members and their fam-
ily members’’ and inserting ‘‘such eligible indi-viduals’’; 
(5) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘members of 
the Armed Forces and their families’’ and insert-ing ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
(6) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘individual 
members of the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(l) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—For the purposes 
of this section, the term ‘eligible individual’ means a member of a reserve component, a mem-ber of their family, or a designated representa-tive who the Secretary of Defense determines to be eligible for the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program.’’. 
(c) O
FFICE FOR REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS .— 
(1) O VERSIGHT OF YELLOW RIBBON REINTEGRA -
TION PROGRAM .—Paragraph (1)(A) of subsection 
(d) of such section is amended by striking the second and third sentence and inserting ‘‘The office shall exercise oversight over the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program, and shall be re-sponsible for coordination with State National Guard and Reserve organizations, including ex-isting family and support programs.’’. 
(2) P
ARTNERSHIPS TO PROVIDE QUALITY OF  
LIFE SERVICES .—Paragraph (1)(B) of such sub-
section is amended by striking ‘‘substance abuse and mental health treatment services’’ and in-serting ‘‘substance abuse, mental health treat-ment, and other quality of life services’’. 
(3) G
RANT AUTHORITY .—Such subsection is 
further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4383 June 22, 2015 
‘‘(3) G RANTS .—The Office for Reintegration 
Programs may make grants to conduct data col-lection, trend analysis, and curriculum develop-ment, and to prepare reports, in support of ac-tivities under this section.’’. 
(d) C
OORDINATION WITHCOAST GUARD RE-
SERVE .—Such section is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘and 
Air Force Reserve’’ and inserting ‘‘Air Force Re-serve, and Coast Guard Reserve’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘and Air 
Force Reserve’’ and inserting ‘‘Air Force Re-serve, and Coast Guard Reserve’’. 
(e) D
UEDATE OF ADVISORY BOARD ANNUAL  
REPORT .—Subsection (e)(4) of such section is 
amended by striking ‘‘March’’ and inserting ‘‘April’’. 
(f) S
UPPORT TEAMS .—Subsection (f) of such 
section is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘administer the Yellow Ribbon Re-integration Program at the State level’’ and in-serting ‘‘support and assist State National Guard and Reserve organization reintegration efforts’’; and 
(2) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(1) to provide reintegration curriculum and 
information;’’. 
(g) O
PERATION OF PROGRAM .— 
(1) E NHANCED FLEXIBILITY .—Subsection (g) of 
such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) O PERATION OF PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Office for Reintegra-
tion Programs shall assist State National Guard and Reserve organizations with the development and provision of information, events, and activi-ties to support the health and well-being of eli-gible individuals before, during, and after peri-ods of activation, mobilization, or deployment. 
‘‘(2) F
OCUS OF INFORMATION , EVENTS , AND AC -
TIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) B EFORE ACTIVATION , MOBILIZATION , OR 
DEPLOYMENT .—Before such a period, the infor-
mation, events, and activities described in para-graph (1) should focus on preparing eligible in-dividuals and affected communities for the rig-ors of activation, mobilization, and deployment. 
‘‘(B) D
URING ACTIVATION , MOBILIZATION , OR 
DEPLOYMENT .—During such a period, the infor-
mation, events, and activities described in para-graph (1) should focus on— 
‘‘(i) helping eligible individuals cope with the 
challenges and stress associated with such pe-riod; 
‘‘(ii) decreasing the isolation of eligible indi-
viduals during such period; and 
‘‘(iii) preparing eligible individuals for the 
challenges associated with reintegration. 
‘‘(C) A
FTER ACTIVATION , MOBILIZATION , OR 
DEPLOYMENT .—After such a period, the informa-
tion, events, and activities described in para-graph (1) should focus on— 
‘‘(i) reconnecting the member with their fami-
lies, friends, and communities; 
‘‘(ii) providing information on employment op-
portunities; 
‘‘(iii) helping eligible individuals deal with the 
challenges of reintegration; 
‘‘(iv) ensuring that eligible individuals under-
stand what benefits they are entitled to and what resources are available to help them over-come the challenges of reintegration; and 
‘‘(v) providing a forum for addressing nega-
tive behaviors related to operational stress and reintegration. 
‘‘(3) M
EMBER PAY .—Members shall receive ap-
propriate pay for days spent attending such events and activities. 
‘‘(4) M
INIMUM NUMBER OF EVENTS AND ACTIVI -
TIES.—State National Guard and Reserve orga-
nizations shall provide to eligible individuals— 
‘‘(A) one event or activity before a period of 
activation, mobilization, or deployment; 
‘‘(B) one event or activity during a period of 
activation, mobilization, or deployment; and 
‘‘(C) two events or activities after a period of 
activation, mobilization, or deployment.’’. (2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such section 
is further amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘throughout 
the entire deployment cycle’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘; 
D
EPLOYMENT CYCLE’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘well-being through the 4 
phases’’ through the end of the subsection and inserting ‘‘well-being.’’; 
(C) in subsection (d)(2)(C), by striking 
‘‘throughout the deployment cycle described in subsection (g)’’; and 
(D) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘S
TATE DE-
PLOYMENT CYCLE’’ in the subsection heading. 
(h) A DDITIONAL PERMITTED OUTREACH SERV-
ICE.—Subsection (h) of such section is amended 
by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(16) Stress management and positive coping 
skills.’’. 
(i) S
UPPORT OF DEPARTMENT -WIDESUICIDE  
PREVENTION EFFORTS .—Such section is further 
amended by inserting after subsection (h) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) S
UPPORT OF SUICIDE PREVENTION EF-
FORTS .—The Office for Reintegration Programs 
shall assist the Defense Suicide Prevention Of-fice and the Defense Centers of Excellence for Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain In-jury to collect and analyze information, sugges-tions, and best practices from State National Guard and Reserve organizations with respect to suicide prevention and community response programs.’’. 
(j) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Such section is 
further amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘Sub-
stance Abuse and the Mental Health Services Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administra-tion’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e)(3)(C), by striking ‘‘Office 
of Reintegration Programs’’ and inserting ‘‘Of-fice for Reintegration Programs’’. 
SEC. 589. PRIORITY PROCESSING OF APPLICA-
TIONS FOR TRANSPORTATION WORKER IDENTIFICATION CREDEN-TIALS FOR MEMBERS UNDERGOING DISCHARGE OR RELEASE FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P RIORITY PROCESSING .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall consult with the Secretary of Homeland Security to afford a priority in the processing of applications for a Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC) to ap-plications submitted by members of the Armed Forces who are undergoing separation, dis-charge, or release from the Armed Forces under honorable conditions, with such priority to pro-vide for the review and adjudication of such an application by not later than 14 days after sub-mittal, unless an appeal or waiver applies or further application documentation is necessary. The priority shall be so afforded commencing not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act to members who undergo separation, discharge, or release from the Armed Forces after the date on which the priority so commences being afforded. 
(b) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—The 
Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Home-land Security shall enter into a memorandum of understanding in connection with achieving the requirement in subsection (a). 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall jointly submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the implementation of the requirements of this section. The report shall set forth the following: 
(1) The memorandum of understanding re-
quired pursuant to subsection (b). 
(2) A description of the number of individuals 
who applied for, and the number of individuals who have been issued, a Transportation Worker Identification Credential pursuant to the memo-
randum of understanding as of the date of the report. 
(3) If any applications for a Transportation 
Worker Identification Credential covered by paragraph (2) were not reviewed and adju-dicated within the deadline specified in sub-section (a), a description of the reasons for the failure and of the actions being taken to assure that future applications for a Credential are re-viewed and adjudicated within the deadline. 
SEC. 590. ISSUANCE OF RECOGNITION OF SERV-
ICE ID CARDS TO CERTAIN MEMBERS SEPARATING FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I SSUANCE REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall issue to each covered individual a card that identifies such individual as a veteran and includes a photo of the individual and the name of the individual. 
(2) D
ESIGNATION .—A card issued under para-
graph (1) may be known as a ‘‘Recognition of Service ID Card’’. 
(b) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—For purposes of 
this section, a ‘‘covered individual’’ is an indi-vidual who is undergoing discharge or release from the Armed Forces (other than as the result of a punitive discharge adjudicated as part of a sentence at a court-martial after the effective date of this section) on or after the effective date provided for in subsection (e). 
(c) C
OLLECTION OF AMOUNTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may collect 
from civilian employees of the Department of Defense and contractor personnel of the Depart-ment who are issued a replacement card for a lost or stolen Department of Defense identifica-tion card such amount as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to defray the cost of the issuance of cards under subsection (a), and to implement the issuance of cards without the as-signment of additional personnel for that pur-pose. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS .—The Secretary 
shall deposit amounts collected under this sub-section to the account or accounts providing funds for the issuance of cards under subsection (a). 
(d) R
ECOGNITION OF SERVICE ID C ARDS FOR  
REDUCED PRICES OF SERVICES , CONSUMER PROD-
UCTS, ANDPHARMACEUTICALS .—The Secretary of 
Defense may work with national retail chains that offer reduced prices on services, consumer products, and pharmaceuticals to veterans to ensure that such retail chains recognize cards issued under subsection (a) for purposes of of-fering reduced prices on services, consumer products, and pharmaceuticals. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take 
effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 591. REVISED POLICY ON NETWORK SERV-
ICES FOR MILITARY SERVICES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF POLICY .—It is the pol-
icy of the United States that the Secretary of Defense shall minimize and reduce, to the max-imum extent practicable, the number of uni-formed military personnel providing network services to military installations within the United States. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in sub-
section (c), each military service shall be prohib-ited from using uniform military personnel to provide network services to military installa-tions within the United States 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .—Nothing in subsection (b) 
shall be construed as prohibiting the use of mili-tary personnel providing network services in support of combatant commands, special oper-ations, the intelligence community, or the United States Cyber Command, including train-ing for these organizations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4384 June 22, 2015 
(d) W AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense or the 
Chief Information Officer may waive the prohi-bition in subsection (b) if necessary for the safe-ty of human life, protection of property, or pro-viding network services in support of a combat operation. 
(e) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than March 30, 
2016, the Chief Information Officer shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the transition of the current performance of network services from military personnel to other means. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) An assessment of the costs of using mili-
tary personnel versus other means to provide network services for the military services. 
(B) An estimate of the savings of transitioning 
the current performance of network services from military personnel to other means. 
(C) An estimate of the number of military per-
sonnel that could be reallocated for military- unique missions. 
(f) V
ALIDATION OF COST AND SAVINGS ESTI-
MATES .—The report required under subsection 
(e) shall be validated by the Director of Cost As-sessment and Program Evaluation. 
SEC. 592. INCREASE IN NUMBER OF DAYS OF AC-
TIVE DUTY REQUIRED TO BE PER-FORMED BY RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS FOR DUTY TO BE CONSID-ERED FEDERAL SERVICE FOR PUR-POSES OF UNEMPLOYMENT COM-PENSATION FOR EX- SERVICEMEMBERS. 
(a) I NCREASE OF NUMBER OF DAYS.—Section 
8521(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘90 days’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘180 days’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to periods of Federal service commencing on or after that date. 
SEC. 593. IMPROVED ENUMERATION OF MEMBERS 
OF THE ARMED FORCES IN ANY TAB-ULATION OF TOTAL POPULATION BY SECRETARY OF COMMERCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 141 of title 13, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (h); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(g) Effective beginning with the 2020 decen-
nial census of population, in taking any tabula-tion of total population by States, the Secretary shall take appropriate measures to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that all mem-bers of the Armed Forces deployed abroad on the date of taking such tabulation are— 
‘‘(1) fully and accurately counted; and ‘‘(2) properly attributed to the State in which 
their permanent duty station or homeport is lo-cated on such date.’’. 
(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The amendments made by 
subsection (a) shall not be construed to affect the residency status of any member of the Armed Forces under any provision of law other than title 13, United States Code. 
TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER 
PERSONNEL BENEFITS 
Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
SEC. 601. FISCAL YEAR 2016 INCREASE IN MILI-
TARY BASIC PAY. 
(a) W AIVER OF SECTION 1009 A DJUSTMENT .— 
The adjustment to become effective during fiscal year 2016 required by section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, in the rates of monthly basic pay authorized members of the uniformed services shall not be made. 
(b) I
NCREASE IN BASICPAY.—Effective on Jan-
uary 1, 2016, the rates of monthly basic pay for members of the uniformed services are increased by 1.3 percent for enlisted member pay grades, warrant officer pay grades, and commissioned 
officer pay grades below pay grade O–7. 
(c) A
PPLICATION OF EXECUTIVE SCHEDULE  
LEVEL II C EILING ON PAYABLE RATES FOR GEN-
ERAL AND FLAGOFFICERS .—Section 203(a)(2) of 
title 37, United States Code, shall be applied for rates of basic pay payable for commissioned offi-cers in pay grades O–7 through O–10 during cal-endar year 2016 by using the rate of pay for level II of the Executive Schedule in effect dur-ing 2014. 
SEC. 602. MODIFICATION OF PERCENTAGE OF NA-
TIONAL AVERAGE MONTHLY COST OF HOUSING USABLE IN COMPUTA-TION OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING INSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF PERCENTAGE USABLE .— 
Section 403(b)(3)(B) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘one percent’’ and inserting ‘‘five percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2016, and shall apply with respect to computa-tions of monthly amounts of basic allowance for housing inside the United States that occur for years beginning on or after that date. 
SEC. 603. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE 
TEMPORARY INCREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING. 
Section 403(b)(7)(E) of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 604. BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING FOR 
MARRIED MEMBERS OF THE UNI-FORMED SERVICES ASSIGNED FOR DUTY WITHIN NORMAL COMMUTING DISTANCE AND FOR OTHER MEM-BERS LIVING TOGETHER. 
(a) BAH FOR MARRIED MEMBERS ASSIGNED  
FOR DUTY WITHIN NORMAL COMMUTING DIS-
TANCE .—Section 403 of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(p) S
INGLE ALLOWANCE FOR MARRIED MEM-
BERS ASSIGNED FOR DUTYWITHIN NORMAL COM-
MUTING DISTANCE .—In the event two members of 
the uniformed services entitled to receive a basic allowance for housing under this section are married to one another and are each assigned for duty within normal commuting distance, basic allowance for housing under this section shall be paid only to the member having the higher pay grade, or to the member having rank in grade if both members have the same pay grade, and at the rate payable for a member of such pay grade with dependents (regardless of whether or not such members have depend-ents).’’. 
(b) BAH 
FOR OTHER MEMBERS LIVING TO-
GETHER .—Such section is further amended by 
adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(q) R EDUCED ALLOWANCE FOR MEMBERS LIV-
INGTOGETHER .—(1) In the event two or more 
members of the uniformed services who are enti-tled to receive a basic allowance for housing under this section live together, basic allowance for housing under this section shall be paid to each such member at the rate as follows: 
‘‘(A) In the case of such a member in a pay 
grade below pay grade E–4, the rate otherwise payable to such member under this section. 
‘‘(B) In the case of such a member in a pay 
grade above pay grade E–3, the rate equal to the greater of— 
‘‘(i) 75 percent of the rate otherwise payable 
to such member under this section; or 
‘‘(ii) the rate payable for a member in pay 
grade E–4 without dependents. 
‘‘(2) This subsection does not apply to mem-
bers covered by subsection (p).’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
this section shall take effect on October 1, 2015, and shall, except as provided in paragraph (2), apply with respect to allowances for basic hous-ing payable for months beginning on or after that date. (2) P
RESERVATION OF CURRENT BAH FOR MEM -
BERS WITH UNINTERRUPTED ELIGIBILITY FOR  
BAH.—Notwithstanding any amendment made 
by this section, the monthly amount of basic al-lowance for housing payable to a member of the uniformed services under section 403 of title 37, United States Code, as of September 30, 2015, shall not be reduced by reason of such amend-ment so long as the member retains uninter-rupted eligibility for such basic allowance for housing within an area of the United States or within an overseas location (as applicable). 
(3) P
RESERVATION OF CURRENT BAH FOR CER -
TAIN OTHER MARRIED MEMBERS .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (1), the amount of basic al-lowance for housing payable to a member of the uniformed services under section 403 of title 37, United States Code, as of September 30, 2015, shall not be reduced by reason of the amend-ment made by subsection (a) unless— 
(A) the member and the member’s spouse un-
dergo a permanent change of station requiring a change of residence; 
(B) the member and the member’s spouse move 
into or commence living in on-base housing; 
SEC. 605. REPEAL OF INAPPLICABILITY OF MODI-
FICATION OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING TO BENEFITS UNDER THE LAWS ADMINISTERED BY THE SECRETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subsection (b) of section 604 of 
the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is repealed. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 606. LIMITATION ON ELIGIBILITY FOR SUP-
PLEMENTAL SUBSISTENCE ALLOW-ANCES TO MEMBERS SERVING OUT-SIDE THE UNITED STATES AND AS-SOCIATED TERRITORY. 
Section 402a(b) of title 37, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and para-
graph (4)’’ after ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(4) After September 30, 2016, a member is eli-
gible for a supplemental subsistence allowance under this section only if the member is serving outside the United States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, or Guam.’’. 
SEC. 607. AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION. 
In administering the supplemental nutrition 
assistance program established under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), the Secretary of Agriculture shall ensure that any safeguards that prevent the use or disclo-sure of information obtained from applicant households shall not prevent the use of that in-formation by, or the disclosure of that informa-tion to, the Secretary of Defense for purposes of determining the number of applicant households that contain one or more members of a regular component or reserve component of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and 
Incentive Pays 
SEC. 611. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN 
BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES FOR RESERVE FORCES. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 308b(g), relating to Selected Re-
serve reenlistment bonus. 
(2) Section 308c(i), relating to Selected Reserve 
affiliation or enlistment bonus. 
(3) Section 308d(c), relating to special pay for 
enlisted members assigned to certain high-pri-ority units. 
(4) Section 308g(f)(2), relating to Ready Re-
serve enlistment bonus for persons without prior service. 
(5) Section 308h(e), relating to Ready Reserve 
enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4385 June 22, 2015 
(6) Section 308i(f), relating to Selected Reserve 
enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. 
(7) Section 478a(e), relating to reimbursement 
of travel expenses for inactive-duty training outside of normal commuting distance. 
(8) Section 910(g), relating to income replace-
ment payments for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobilization for active duty service. 
SEC. 612. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN 
BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES FOR HEALTH CARE PROFES-SIONALS. 
(a) T ITLE10 A UTHORITIES .—The following sec-
tions of title 10, United States Code, are amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse offi-
cer candidate accession program. 
(2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment of 
education loans for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. 
(b) T
ITLE37 A UTHORITIES .—The following sec-
tions of title 37, United States Code, are amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 302c–1(f), relating to accession and 
retention bonuses for psychologists. 
(2) Section 302d(a)(1), relating to accession 
bonus for registered nurses. 
(3) Section 302e(a)(1), relating to incentive 
special pay for nurse anesthetists. 
(4) Section 302g(e), relating to special pay for 
Selected Reserve health professionals in criti-cally short wartime specialties. 
(5) Section 302h(a)(1), relating to accession 
bonus for dental officers. 
(6) Section 302j(a), relating to accession bonus 
for pharmacy officers. 
(7) Section 302k(f), relating to accession bonus 
for medical officers in critically short wartime specialties. 
(8) Section 302l(g), relating to accession bonus 
for dental specialist officers in critically short wartime specialties. 
SEC. 613. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF SPECIAL PAY 
AND BONUS AUTHORITIES FOR NU-CLEAR OFFICERS. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 312(f), relating to special pay for 
nuclear-qualified officers extending period of active service. 
(2) Section 312b(c), relating to nuclear career 
accession bonus. 
(3) Section 312c(d), relating to nuclear career 
annual incentive bonus. 
SEC. 614. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES 
RELATING TO TITLE 37 CONSOLI-DATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND BONUS AUTHORITIES. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus 
authority for enlisted members. 
(2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus 
authority for officers. 
(3) Section 333(i), relating to special bonus 
and incentive pay authorities for nuclear offi-cers. 
(4) Section 334(i), relating to special aviation 
incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers. 
(5) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus 
and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. 
(6) Section 336(g), relating to contracting 
bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
(7) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous duty 
pay. 
(8) Section 352(g), relating to assignment pay 
or special duty pay. 
(9) Section 353(i), relating to skill incentive 
pay or proficiency bonus. 
(10) Section 355(h), relating to retention incen-
tives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. SEC. 615. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES 
RELATING TO PAYMENT OF OTHER TITLE 37 BONUSES AND SPECIAL PAYS. 
The following sections of title 37, United 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
(1) Section 301b(a), relating to aviation officer 
retention bonus. 
(2) Section 307a(g), relating to assignment in-
centive pay. 
(3) Section 308(g), relating to reenlistment 
bonus for active members. 
(4) Section 309(e), relating to enlistment 
bonus. 
(5) Section 316a(g), relating to incentive pay 
for members of precommissioning programs pur-suing foreign language proficiency. 
(6) Section 324(g), relating to accession bonus 
for new officers in critical skills. 
(7) Section 326(g), relating to incentive bonus 
for conversion to military occupational specialty to ease personnel shortage. 
(8) Section 327(h), relating to incentive bonus 
for transfer between Armed Forces. 
(9) Section 330(f), relating to accession bonus 
for officer candidates. 
SEC. 616. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM ANNUAL 
AMOUNT OF NUCLEAR OFFICER BONUS PAY. 
(a) I NCREASE .—Section 333(d)(1)(A) of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2016, and shall apply with respect to agreements entered into under section 333 of title 37, United States Code, on or after that date. 
SEC. 617. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY TO 
PAY BONUS TO ENCOURAGE ARMY PERSONNEL TO REFER PERSONS FOR ENLISTMENT IN THE ARMY. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 3252 of title 10, United 
States Code, is repealed. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 333 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 3252. 
Subtitle C—Travel and Transportation 
Allowances 
SEC. 621. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE SPECIAL TRAVEL 
AND TRANSPORTATION ALLOWANCE FOR SURVIVORS OF DECEASED MEM-BERS FROM THE VIETNAM CON-FLICT. 
Section 481f of title 37, United States Code, is 
amended by striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 622. STUDY AND REPORT ON POLICY 
CHANGES TO THE JOINT TRAVEL REGULATIONS. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the 
United States shall conduct a study on the im-pact of the policy changes to the Joint Travel Regulations for the Uniformed Service Members and Department of Defense Civilian Employees related to flat rate per diem for long term tem-porary duty travel that took effect on November 1, 2014. The study shall assess the following: 
(1) The impact of such changes on shipyard 
workers who travel on long-term temporary duty assignments. 
(2) Whether such changes have discouraged 
employees of the Department of Defense, includ-ing civilian employees at shipyards and depots, from volunteering for important temporary duty travel assignments. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than June 1, 2016, the 
Comptroller General shall submit to the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report on the study required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 623. TRANSPORTATION TO TRANSFER CERE-
MONIES FOR FAMILY AND NEXT OF KIN OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO DIE OVERSEAS DUR-ING HUMANITARIAN OPERATIONS. 
Section 481f(e)(1) of title 37, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(including dur-ing a humanitarian relief operation)’’ after ‘‘lo-
cated or serving overseas’’. 
SEC. 624. POLICIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE ON TRAVEL OF NEXT OF KIN TO PARTICIPATE IN THE DIGNIFIED TRANSFER OF REMAINS OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE WHO DIE OVERSEAS. 
(a) R EVIEW OF POLICIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall carry out a review of the current policies of the Department of Defense on the travel for next of kin to participate in the dignified trans-fer of remains of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department who die overseas. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The review required by this 
subsection shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment of the changes to Depart-
ment instructions and Federal regulations nec-essary to provide Government funded travel to the next of kin to participate in the dignified transfer of remains of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department who die overseas, regardless whether the death occurred in a combat area or a non-combat area. 
(B) An action plan and timeline for making 
the changes described in subparagraph (A). 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF POLICIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), not later than February 1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate ac-tions to modify the policies of the Department in order to provide Government funded travel for the next of kin to participate in the dignified transfer of remains of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense who die overseas, regardless whether the death occurs in a combat area or a non-com-bat area. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary is not required 
to modify the policies of the Department as de-scribed in paragraph (1) if, by not later than March, 1, 2016, the Secretary certifies, in writ-ing, to the congressional defense committees that such action is not in the best interest of the United States. The certification shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment and reevaluation by the 
Secretary of the rational for excluding the next of kin from Government funded travel if the death of a member of the Armed Forces or civil-ian employee of the Department overseas occurs in a non-combat area. 
(B) Recommendations for alternative plans to 
ensure that the next of kin of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the De-partment who die overseas in a non-combat area may participate in the dignified transfer of the remains of the deceased at Dover Port Mor-tuary, including through the actions of appro-priate non-governmental organizations. 
Subtitle D—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and 
Survivor Benefits 
PART I—RETIRED PAY REFORM 
SEC. 631. THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN PARTICIPATION 
FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) M ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—Sec-
tion 8440e of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (e) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(e) M
ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) TSP CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Secretary con-
cerned shall make contributions to the Thrift Savings Fund, in accordance with section 8432, except to the extent the requirements under such section are modified by this subsection, for the benefit of a member who— 
‘‘(A) first enters a uniformed service on or 
after January 1, 2018; or 
‘‘(B) makes an election described in section 
1409(b)(4)(B) or 12739(f) of title 10. 
‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The amount con-
tributed under this subsection by the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4386 June 22, 2015 
concerned for the benefit of a member described 
in paragraph (1) for any pay period shall be not more than 5 percent of such member’s basic pay for such pay period. 
‘‘(3) T
IMING AND DURATION OF CONTRIBU -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(A) A UTOMATIC CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Sec-
retary concerned shall make a contribution de-scribed in section 8432(c)(1) under this sub-section for the benefit of a member described in paragraph (1) for any pay period during the pe-riod that— 
‘‘(i) begins on or after the day that is 60 days 
after the date the member first enters a uni-formed service; and 
‘‘(ii) ends on the day such member completes 
20 years of service as a member of the uniformed services. 
‘‘(B) M
ATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—The Sec-
retary concerned shall make a contribution de-scribed in section 8432(c)(2) under this sub-section for the benefit of a member described in paragraph (1) for any pay period during the pe-riod that— 
‘‘(i) begins on or after the day that is 2 years 
and 1 day after the date the member first enters a uniformed service; and 
‘‘(ii) ends on the day such member completes 
20 years of service as a member of the uniformed services. 
‘‘(4) P
ROTECTIONS FOR SPOUSES AND FORMER  
SPOUSES .—Section 8435 shall apply to a member 
described in paragraph (1) in the same manner as such section is applied to an employee or Member under such section. 
‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF SECRETARY CONCERNED .— 
In this subsection the term ‘Secretary con-cerned’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 101 of title 37.’’. 
(b) A
UTOMATIC ENROLLMENT IN TSP.—Section 
8432(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D)(ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘(ii) Members’’ and inserting 
‘‘(ii)(I) Except as provided in subclause (II), members’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) A member described in section 8440e(e)(1) 
shall be an eligible individual for purposes of this paragraph.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
this paragraph, a member described in section 8440e(e)(1) who has declined automatic enroll-ment into the Thrift Savings Plan shall be auto-matically reenrolled, on January 1 of the year succeeding the year for which the determination is made, to make contributions under subsection (a) at the default percentage of basic pay. 
‘‘(G) In this paragraph the term ‘member’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 211 of title 37.’’. 
(c) V
ESTING .—Section 8432(g) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) 2 years of service in the case of a member 
of the uniformed services.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) For purposes of this subsection, a member 
of the uniformed services shall be considered to have separated from Government employment if the member is discharged or released from serv-ice in the uniformed services.’’. 
(d) T
HRIFT SAVINGS PLANDEFAULT INVEST -
MENT FUND.—Section 8438(c)(2) of title 5, United 
States Code, as amended by section 2(a) of the Smarter Savings Act (Public Law 113–255), is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(A) Con-
sistent with the requirements of subparagraph (B), if an’’ and inserting ‘‘If an’’; and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (B). (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 211 of title 37, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (d); and (B) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (d). 
(2) Section 8432b(c)(2)(B) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(including pursuant to an agreement under section 211(d) of title 37)’’. 
(f) A
CTIONS TOASSURE IMPLEMENTATION BY  
EFFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretaries concerned, 
the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, and the Federal Retirement Thrift Invest-ment Board shall each and jointly take appro-priate actions to ensure the full and effective commencement of the implementation of the amendments made by this section as of January 1, 2018. 
(2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 37, United States Code. 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— 
(1) M ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—The 
amendment made by subsection (a) shall take ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) O
THER AMENDMENTS .—The amendments 
made by subsections (b) through (e) shall take effect on January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 632. MODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM 
FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) M ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1409(b) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) M
ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) R EDUCED MULTIPLIERS FOR MEMBERS RE -
CEIVING TSP MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—Not-
withstanding paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), in the case of a member who first becomes a member of the uniformed services after January 1, 2018, or a member who makes the election described in subparagraph (B)— 
‘‘(i) subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) shall 
be applied by substituting ‘2’ for ‘2
1⁄2’’; 
‘‘(ii) clause (i) of paragraph (3)(B) shall be 
applied by substituting ‘60 percent’ for ‘75 per-cent’; and 
‘‘(iii) subclause (I) of paragraph (3)(B)(ii) 
shall be applied by substituting ‘2’ for ‘2
1⁄2’. 
‘‘(B) E LECTION TO PARTICIPATE IN MODERN -
IZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(i) E LECTION .—A member of a uniformed 
service serving on January 1, 2018, may elect to accept the reduced multipliers described in sub-paragraph (A) for purposes of calculating the retired pay of the member. 
‘‘(ii) E
FFECT OF ELECTION .—A member making 
the election described in clause (i) shall— 
‘‘(I) have the retired pay of the member cal-
culated using the reduced multipliers described in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(II) receive Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) 
matching contributions pursuant to section 8440e(e) of title 5 for periods of service between the completion of 2 years of service and the com-pletion of 20 years of service in accordance with paragraph (3)(B) of such section; and 
‘‘(III) be eligible for lump sum payments under 
section 1415 of this title. 
‘‘(iii) E
LECTION PERIOD .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
clauses (II) and (III), a member of a uniformed service may make the election described in clause (i) during the period that begins on July 1, 2018, and ends on December 31, 2018. 
‘‘(II) H
ARDSHIP EXTENSION .—The Secretary 
concerned may extend the election period de-scribed in subclause (I) for a member who expe-riences a hardship as determined by the Sec-retary concerned. 
‘‘(III) M
EMBERS EXPERIENCING BREAK IN SERV -
ICE.—A member of a uniformed service returning 
to service after a break in service in which falls the election period specified in subclause (I) shall make the election described in clause (i) on the date of the reentry into service of the mem-
ber. 
‘‘(iv) N
O RETROACTIVE MATCHING CONTRIBU -
TIONS PURSUANT TO ELECTION .—Thrift Savings 
Plan matching contributions may not be made for a member under this subparagraph for any pay period beginning before the date of the member’s election under clause (i). 
‘‘(C) R
EGULATIONS .—Each Secretary con-
cerned shall prescribe regulations to implement this paragraph.’’. 
(2) N
ON-REGULAR SERVICE .—Section 12739 of 
such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) M
ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) R EDUCED MULTIPLIERS FOR PERSONS RE -
CEIVING TSP MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—In the 
case of a person who first performs reserve com-ponent service after January 1, 2018, after not having performed regular or reserve component service on or before that date, or a person who makes the election described in paragraph (2)— 
‘‘(A) paragraph (2) of subsection (a) shall be 
applied by substituting ‘2 percent’ for ‘2
1⁄2per-
cent’; 
‘‘(B) subparagraph (A) of subsection (c)(2) 
shall be applied by substituting ‘60 percent’ for ‘75 percent’; and 
‘‘(C) clause (ii) of subsection (c)(2)(B) shall be 
applied by substituting ‘2 percent’ for ‘2
1⁄2per-
cent’. 
‘‘(2) E LECTION TO PARTICIPATE IN MODERNIZED  
RETIREMENT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) E LECTION .—A person performing reserve 
component service on January 1, 2018, may elect to accept the reduced multipliers described in paragraph (1) for purposes of calculating the re-tired pay of the person. 
‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF ELECTION .—A person making 
the election described in subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) have the retired pay of the person cal-
culated using the reduced multipliers described in paragraph (1): 
‘‘(ii) receive Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) match-
ing contributions pursuant to section 8440e(e) of title 5 for periods of service between the comple-tion of 2 years of service and the completion of 20 years of service in accordance with para-graph (3)(B) of such section; and 
‘‘(iii) be eligible for lump sum payments under 
section 1415 of this title. 
‘‘(C) E
LECTION PERIOD .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clauses (ii) and (iii), a person performing reserve component service may make the election de-scribed in subparagraph (A) during the period that begins on July 1, 2018, and ends on Decem-ber 31, 2018. 
‘‘(ii) H
ARDSHIP EXTENSION .—The Secretary 
concerned may extend the election period de-scribed in clause (i) for a person who experi-ences a hardship as determined by the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(iii) P
ERSONS EXPERIENCING BREAK IN SERV -
ICE.—A person returning to reserve component 
service after a break in reserve component serv-ice in which falls the election period specified in clause (i) shall make the election described in subparagraph (A) on the date of the reentry into service of the person. 
‘‘(iv) N
O RETROACTIVE MATCHING CONTRIBU -
TIONS PURSUANT TO ELECTION .—Thrift Savings 
Plan matching contributions may not be made for a person under this paragraph for any pay period beginning before the date of the person’s election under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(3) R
EGULATIONS .—Each Secretary concerned 
shall prescribe regulations to implement this subsection.’’. 
(b) C
OORDINATING AMENDMENTS TO OTHER RE-
TIREMENT AUTHORITIES .— 
(1) D ISABILITY , WARRANT OFFICERS , AND 
DOPMA RETIRED PAY .— 
(A) C OMPUTATION OF RETIRED PAY .—The table 
in section 1401(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) in paragraph (1) in column 2 of formula 
number 1, by striking ‘‘2
1⁄2% of years of service 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4387 June 22, 2015 
credited to him under section 1208’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘the retired pay multiplier determined for the member under section 1409 of this title’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (1) in column 2 of formula 
number 2, by striking ‘‘2
1⁄2% of years of service 
credited to him under section 1208’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the retired pay multiplier determined for the member under section 1409 of this title’’; and 
(iii) in column 2 of each of formula number 4 
and formula number 5, by striking ‘‘section 1409(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1409’’. 
(B) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING MODERNIZED  
RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—Section 1401a(b) of such 
title is amended— 
(i) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); and 
(ii) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (5): 
‘‘(5) A DJUSTMENTS FOR PARTICIPANTS IN MOD -
ERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM .—Notwithstanding 
paragraph (3), if a member makes the election described in section 1409(b)(4) of this title, the Secretary shall increase the retired pay of such member in accordance with paragraph (2).’’. 
(2) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC AD -
MINISTRATION COMMISSIONED OFFICER CORPS ACT  
OF 2002 .—Paragraph (2) of section 245(a) of the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3045(a)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) the retired pay multiplier determined 
under section 1409 of such title for the number of years of service that may be credited to the officer under section 1405 of such title as if the officer’s service were service as a member of the Armed Forces.’’. 
(3) T
ITLE 37 , UNITED STATES CODE .— 
(A) 15- YEAR CAREER STATUS BONUS REPAY -
MENT .—Subsection (f) of section 354 of title 37, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘If a’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) If a’’; 
and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) If a person who is paid a bonus under 
this section subsequently makes an election de-scribed in section 1409(b)(4) or 12739(f) of title 10, the person shall repay any bonus payments received under this section in the same manner as repayments are made under section 373 of this title.’’. 
(B) S
UNSET AND CONTINUATION OF PAY -
MENTS .—Such section 354 is further amended by 
adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(g) S UNSET AND CONTINUATION OF PAY-
MENTS .—(1) A Secretary concerned may not pay 
a new bonus under this section after December 31, 2017. 
‘‘(2) Subject to subsection (f)(2), the Secretary 
concerned may continue to make payments after December 31, 2017, for bonuses that were award-ed under this section on or before that date.’’. 
(4) P
UBLIC HEALTH SERVICE ACT .—Paragraph 
(4) of section 211(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 212) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘at the rate of 2 
1⁄2per centum of the 
basic pay of the highest grade held by him as such officer’’ and inserting ‘‘calculated by mul-tiplying the retired pay base determined under section 1406 of title 10, United States Code, by the retired pay multiplier determined under sec-tion 1409 of such title for the numbers of years of service credited to the officer under this para-graph’’; and 
(B) in the matter following subparagraph 
(B)(iii)— 
(i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘such 
pay, and’’ and inserting ‘‘such pay,’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘such 
basic pay.’’ and inserting ‘‘such basic pay, and (E) in the case of any officer who makes the election described in section 1409(b)(4) of title 10, United States Code, subparagraph (C) shall be applied by substituting ‘40 per centum’ for ‘50 per centum’ each place the term appears and subparagraph (D) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘60 per centum’ for ‘75 per centum’.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— 
(1) M ODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEMS .—The 
amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
OORDINATING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), the amendments made by sub-section (b) shall take effect on January 1, 2018. 
(B) T
ITLE 37 AMENDMENTS .—The amendments 
made by paragraph (3) of subsection (b) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 633. LUMP SUM PAYMENTS OF CERTAIN RE-
TIRED PAY. 
(a) L UMPSUMPAYMENTS OF CERTAIN RETIRED  
PAY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 71 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1415. Lump sum payment of certain retired 
pay 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C OVERED RETIRED PAY .—The term ‘cov-
ered retired pay’ means retired pay under— 
‘‘(A) this title; ‘‘(B) title 14; ‘‘(C) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 (33 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); or 
‘‘(D) the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 
201 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE PERSON .—The term ‘eligible per-
son’ means a person who— 
‘‘(A)(i) first becomes a member of a uniformed 
service on or after January 1, 2018; or 
‘‘(ii) makes the election described in section 
1409(b)(4) or 12739(f) of this title; and 
‘‘(B) does not retire or separate under chapter 
61 of this title. 
‘‘(3) R ETIREMENT AGE .—The term ‘retirement 
age’ has the meaning given the term in section 216(l) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 416(l)). 
‘‘(b) E
LECTION OF LUMP SUMPAYMENT OF  
CERTAIN RETIRED PAY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible person entitled 
to covered retired pay (including an eligible per-son who is entitled to such pay by reason of an election described in subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii)) may elect— 
‘‘(A) to receive a lump sum payment of the 
discounted present value at the time of the elec-tion of the amount of the covered retired pay that the eligible person is otherwise entitled to receive for the period beginning on the date of retirement and ending on the date the eligible person attains the eligible person’s retirement age; or 
‘‘(B) to receive— ‘‘(i) a lump sum payment of an amount equal 
to 50 percent of the amount otherwise receivable by the eligible person pursuant to subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) a monthly amount during the period de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) equal to 50 percent of the amount of monthly covered retired pay the eligible person is otherwise entitled to re-ceive during such period. 
‘‘(2) D
ISCOUNTED PRESENT VALUE .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall compute the discounted present value of amounts of covered retired pay that an eligible person is otherwise entitled to receive for a period for purposes of paragraph (1)(A) by— 
‘‘(A) estimating the aggregate amount of re-
tired pay the person would receive for the pe-riod, taking into account cost-of-living adjust-ments under section 1401a of this title projected by the Secretary at the time the person sepa-rates from service and would otherwise begin re-ceiving covered retired pay; and 
‘‘(B) reducing the aggregate amount estimated 
pursuant to subparagraph (A) by an appro-priate percentage determined by the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) using average personal discount rates (as 
defined and calculated by the Secretary taking into consideration applicable and reputable studies of personal discount rates for military 
personnel and past actuarial experience in the calculation of personal discount rates under this paragraph); and 
‘‘(ii) in accordance with generally accepted 
actuarial principles and practices. 
‘‘(3) T
IMING OF ELECTION .—An eligible person 
shall make the election under this subsection not later than 90 days before the date of the re-tirement of the eligible person from the uni-formed services. 
‘‘(4) S
INGLE PAYMENT OR COMBINATION OF  
PAYMENTS .—An eligible person may elect to re-
ceive a lump sum payment under this subsection in a single payment or in a combination of pay-ments. 
‘‘(5) C
OMMENCEMENT OF PAYMENT .—An eligi-
ble person who makes an election under this subsection shall receive the lump sum payment, or the first installment of a combination of pay-ments of the lump sum payment if elected under paragraph (4), as follows: 
‘‘(A) Not later than 60 days after the date of 
the retirement of the eligible person from the uniformed services. 
‘‘(B) In the case of an eligible person who is 
a member of a reserve component, not later than 60 days after the later of— 
‘‘(i) the date on which the eligible person at-
tains 60 years of age; or 
‘‘(ii) the date on which the eligible person first 
becomes entitled to covered retired pay. 
‘‘(6) N
O SUBSEQUENT ADJUSTMENT .—An eligible 
person who accepts payment of a lump sum under this subsection may not seek the review of or otherwise challenge the amount of the lump sum in light of any variation in cost-of-living adjustments under section 1401a of this title, ac-tuarial assumptions, or other factors used by the Secretary in calculating the amount of the lump sum that occur after the Secretary pays the lump sum. 
‘‘(c) R
ESUMPTION OF MONTHLY ANNUITY .— 
‘‘(1) G ENERAL RULE .—Subject to paragraph 
(2), an eligible person who makes an election de-scribed in subsection (b) shall be entitled to re-ceive the eligible person’s monthly covered re-tired pay calculated in accordance with para-graph (2) after the eligible person attains the el-igible person’s retirement age. 
‘‘(2) R
ESTORATION OF FULL RETIREMENT  
AMOUNT AT RETIREMENT AGE .—The retired pay 
of an eligible person who makes an election de-scribed in subsection (a) shall be recomputed, ef-fective on the first day of the first month begin-ning after the person attains the eligible per-son’s retirement age, so as to be an amount equal to the amount of covered retired pay to which the eligible person would otherwise be en-titled on that date if the annual increases, in the retired pay of the eligible person made to re-flect changes in the Consumer Price Index, had been made in accordance with section 1401a of this title. 
‘‘(d) P
AYMENT OF RETIRED PAY TO PERSONS  
NOTMAKING ELECTION .—An eligible person who 
does not make the election described in sub-section (b) shall be paid the retired pay to which the eligible person is otherwise entitled under the applicable provisions of law referred to in subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of Defense 
concerned shall prescribe regulations to carry out the provisions of this section.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1415. Lump sum payment of certain retired 
pay.’’. 
(3) P
AYMENTS FROM DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
MILITARY RETIREMENT FUND .—Section 1463(a)(1) 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or 1414’’ and inserting ‘‘, 1414, or 1415’’. 
(b) O
FFSET OF VETERANS PENSION AND COM-
PENSATION BY AMOUNT OF LUMP SUMPAY-
MENTS .—Section 5304 of title 38, United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4388 June 22, 2015 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d)(1) Other than amounts payable under 
section 1413a or 1414 of title 10, the amount of pension and compensation benefits payable to a person under this title shall be reduced by the amount of any lump sum payment made to such person under section 1415 of title 10. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary shall collect any reduction 
under paragraph (1) from amounts otherwise payable to the person under this title, including pension and compensation payable under this title, before any pension and compensation pay-ments under this title may be paid to the per-son.’’. 
SEC. 634. CONTINUATION PAY AFTER 12 YEARS OF 
SERVICE FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNI-FORMED SERVICES PARTICIPATING IN THE MODERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEMS. 
(a) C ONTINUATION PAY.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 5 of 
title 37, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sections: 
‘‘§ 356. Continuation pay after 12 years of serv-
ice: members participating in modernized retirement systems 
‘‘(a) C
ONTINUATION PAY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary concerned 
shall make a payment of continuation pay to each member of the uniformed services under the jurisdiction of the Secretary who— 
‘‘(A)(i) first becomes a member of a uniformed 
service after January 1, 2018; or 
‘‘(ii) subject to paragraph (2), makes the elec-
tion described in section 1409(b)(4) or 12739(f) of title 10; and 
‘‘(B) after the date on which the member sat-
isfies the applicable requirement in subpara-graph (A)— 
‘‘(i) completes 12 years of service; and ‘‘(ii) enters into an agreement with the Sec-
retary to serve for an additional 4 years of obli-gated service. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY DEPENDENT ON ELECTION BE -
FORE COMPLETION OF 12 YEARS OF SERVICE .—A 
member who makes an election described in paragraph (1)(A)(ii) after the member completes 12 years of service is not eligible for continu-ation pay under this section. 
‘‘(b) A
MOUNT .—The amount of continuation 
pay payable to a member under this section shall be the amount that is equal to— 
‘‘(1) in the case of a member of a regular com-
ponent— 
‘‘(A) the monthly basic pay of the member at 
12 years of service multiplied by 2.5; plus 
‘‘(B) at the discretion of the Secretary con-
cerned, the monthly basic pay of the member at 12 years of service multiplied by such number of months (not to exceed 13 months) as the Sec-retary concerned shall specify in the agreement of the member under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(2) in the case of a member of a reserve com-
ponent— 
‘‘(A) the amount of monthly basic pay to 
which the member would be entitled at 12 years of service if the member were a member of a reg-ular component multiplied by 0.5; plus 
‘‘(B) at the discretion of the Secretary con-
cerned, the amount of monthly basic pay de-scribed in subparagraph (A) multiplied by such number of months (not to exceed 6 months) as the Secretary concerned shall specify in the agreement of the member under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) T
IMING OF PAYMENT .—The Secretary con-
cerned shall pay continuation pay under this section to a member when the member completes 12 years of service. 
‘‘(d) L
UMPSUM OR INSTALLMENTS .—A member 
may elect to receive continuation pay under this section in a lump sum or in a series of not more than 4 payments. 
‘‘(e) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER PAY AND AL-
LOWANCES .—Continuation pay under this sec-
tion is in addition to any other pay or allow-ance to which the member is entitled. ‘‘(f) R
EPAYMENT .—A member who receives 
continuation pay under this section and fails to complete the obligated service required under subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii) shall be subject to the re-payment provisions of section 373 of this title. 
‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—Each Secretary con-
cerned shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 5 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘356. Continuation pay after 12 years of service: 
members participating in modern-ized retirement systems.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2018, and shall apply with respect to agreements entered into under section 356 of title 37, United States Code, after that date. 
SEC. 635. AUTHORITY FOR RETIREMENT FLEXI-
BILITY FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNI-FORMED SERVICES. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR RETIREMENT FLEXI-
BILITY .—Chapter 63 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘§ 1276. Retirement flexibility: authority to 
modify years of service required for retire-ment for particular occupational speciali-ties or other groupings 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, the Secretary concerned may modify the years of service required for an eligi-ble member to retire, to greater than or fewer than 20 years of service, in order to facilitate management actions that shape the personnel profile or correct manpower shortages within an occupational specialty or other grouping of members of the uniformed services. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE MEMBER DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘eligible member’ means a member of the uniformed services working in an occupa-tional specialty or other grouping designated by the Secretary concerned as in need of a manage-ment action described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) N
OTICE -AND-WAIT.— 
‘‘(1) N OTICE REQUIRED .—The Secretary con-
cerned shall submit to Congress notice of any proposed modification under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary concerned 
may not implement a proposed modification under subsection (a) until one year after the day on which the notice of the modification is submitted to Congress under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY .—The Secretary con-
cerned may only modify the required years of service under subsection (a) for an eligible mem-ber who first becomes a member of a uniformed service on or after the date of the expiration of the one year period described in subsection (c)(2) that is applicable to the occupational spe-cialty or other grouping in which the eligible member works.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 63 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1276. Retirement flexibility: authority to mod-
ify years of service required for retirement for particular occupa-tional specialities or other groupings.’’. 
SEC. 636. TREATMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE MILITARY RETIREMENT FUND AS A QUALIFIED TRUST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 74 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1468. Treatment as a qualified trust 
‘‘For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 1 et seq.)— 
‘‘(1) the Fund shall be treated as a trust de-
scribed in section 401(a) of such Code (26 U.S.C. 401(a)) which is exempt from taxation under sec-tion 501(a) of such Code (26 U.S.C. 501(a)); and ‘‘(2) any contribution to, or distribution from, 
the Fund shall be treated in the same manner as contributions to or distributions from such a trust.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 74 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1468. Treatment as a qualified trust.’’. 
PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 641. DEATH OF FORMER SPOUSE BENE-
FICIARIES AND SUBSEQUENT RE-MARRIAGES UNDER SURVIVOR BEN-EFIT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1448(b) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(7) E
FFECT OF DEATH OF FORMER SPOUSE  
BENEFICIARY .— 
‘‘(A) T ERMINATION OF PARTICIPATION IN  
PLAN.—A person who elects to provide an annu-
ity to a former spouse under paragraph (2) or (3) and whose former spouse subsequently dies is no longer a participant in the Plan, effective on the date of death of the former spouse. 
‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY FOR ELECTION OF NEW SPOUSE  
BENEFICIARY .—If a person’s participation in the 
Plan is discontinued by reason of the death of a former spouse beneficiary, the person may elect to resume participation in the Plan and to elect a new spouse beneficiary as follows: 
‘‘(i) M
ARRIED ON THE DATE OF DEATH OF  
FORMER SPOUSE .—A person who is married at 
the time of the death of the former spouse bene-ficiary may elect to provide coverage to that per-son’s spouse. Such an election must be received by the Secretary concerned within one year after the date of death of the former spouse ben-eficiary. 
‘‘(ii) M
ARRIAGE AFTER DEATH OF FORMER  
SPOUSE BENEFICIARY .—A person who is not mar-
ried at the time of the death of the former spouse beneficiary and who later marries may elect to provide spouse coverage. Such an elec-tion must be received by the Secretary concerned within one year after the date on which that person marries. 
‘‘(C) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF ELECTION .—The ef-
fective date of election under this paragraph shall be as follows: 
‘‘(i) An election under subparagraph (B)(i) is 
effective as of the first day of the first calendar month following the death of the former spouse beneficiary. 
‘‘(ii) An election under subparagraph (B)(ii) is 
effective as of the first day of the first calendar month following the month in which the elec-tion is received by the Secretary concerned. 
‘‘(D) L
EVEL OF COVERAGE .—A person making 
an election under subparagraph (B) may not re-duce the base amount previously elected. 
‘‘(E) P
ROCEDURES .—An election under this 
paragraph shall be in writing, signed by the participant, and made in such form and manner as the Secretary concerned may prescribe. 
‘‘(F) I
RREVOCABILITY .—An election under this 
paragraph is irrevocable.’’. 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—Paragraph (7) of sec-
tion 1448(b) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with re-spect to any person whose former spouse bene-ficiary dies on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY TO FORMER SPOUSE DEATHS  
BEFORE ENACTMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A person— 
(A) who before the date of the enactment of 
this Act had a former spouse beneficiary under the Survivor Benefit Plan who died before that date; and 
(B) who on the date of the enactment of this 
Act is married, may elect to provide spouse coverage for such spouse under the Plan, regardless of whether the person married such spouse before or after the death of the former spouse beneficiary. Any such election may only be made during the one- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4389 June 22, 2015 
year period beginning on the date of the enact-
ment of this Act. 
(2) E FFECTIVE DATE OF ELECTION IF MARRIED  
AT LEAST A YEAR AT DEATH FORMER SPOUSE .—If 
the person providing the annuity was married to the spouse beneficiary for at least one year at the time of the death of the former spouse bene-ficiary, the effective date of such election shall be the first day of the first month after the death of the former spouse beneficiary. 
(3) O
THER EFFECTIVE DATE .—If the person 
providing the annuity married the spouse bene-ficiary after (or during the one-year period pre-ceding) the death of the former spouse bene-ficiary, the effective date of the election shall be the first day of the first month following the first anniversary of the person’s marriage to the spouse beneficiary. 
(4) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR PREMIUMS .—A person 
electing to participate in the Plan under this subsection shall be responsible for payment of all premiums due from the effective date of the election. 
SEC. 642. TRANSITIONAL COMPENSATION AND 
OTHER BENEFITS FOR DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES INELIGIBLE TO RECEIVE RE-TIRED PAY AS A RESULT OF COURT- MARTIAL SENTENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1059 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1059a. Dependents of members of the armed 
forces ineligible to receive retired pay as a result of court-martial sentence: transi-tional compensation and other benefits; commissary and exchange benefits 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TOPAYCOMPENSATION .—The 
Secretary of Defense, with respect to the armed forces (other than the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy), and the Secretary of Homeland Security, with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, may each carry out a pro-gram under which the Secretary may pay monthly transitional compensation in accord-ance with this section to dependents or former dependents of a member of the armed forces de-scribed in subsection (b) who is under the juris-diction of the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) M
EMBERS COVERED .—This section applies 
in the case of a member of the armed forces eligi-ble for retired or retainer pay under this title for years of service who— 
‘‘(1) is separated from the armed forces pursu-
ant to the sentence of a court-martial as a result of misconduct while a member; and 
‘‘(2) has eligibility to receive retired pay termi-
nated pursuant to such sentence. 
‘‘(c) R
ECIPIENT OF PAYMENTS .—(1) In the case 
of a member of the armed forces described in subsection (b), the Secretary may pay compensa-tion under this section to dependents or former dependents of the member as follows: 
‘‘(A) If the member was married at the time of 
the commission of the offense resulting in sepa-ration from the armed forces, such compensation may be paid to the spouse or former spouse to whom the member was married at that time, in-cluding an amount for each, if any, dependent child of the member who resides in the same household as that spouse or former spouse. 
‘‘(B) If there is a spouse or former spouse who 
is or, but for subsection (d)(2), would be eligible for compensation under this section and if there is a dependent child of the member who does not reside in the same household as that spouse or former spouse, compensation under this section may be paid to each such dependent child of the member who does not reside in that household. 
‘‘(C) If there is no spouse or former spouse 
who is or, but for subsection (d)(2), would be eli-gible under this section, compensation under this section may be paid to the dependent chil-dren of the member. 
‘‘(2) A dependent or former dependent of a 
member described in subsection (b) is not eligible for transitional compensation under this section if the Secretary concerned determines (under 
regulations prescribed under subsection (g)) that the dependent or former dependent either— 
‘‘(A) was an active participant in the conduct 
constituting the offense under chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) for which the member was convicted and separated from the armed forces; or 
‘‘(B) did not cooperate with the investigation 
of such conduct. 
‘‘(d) C
OMMENCEMENT AND DURATION OF PAY-
MENT .—(1) Payment of transitional compensa-
tion under this section shall commence— 
‘‘(A) as of the date the court-martial sentence 
is adjudged if the sentence, as adjudged, in-cludes— 
‘‘(i) a dismissal, dishonorable discharge, or 
bad conduct discharge; and 
‘‘(ii) forfeiture of all pay and allowances; or 
‘‘(B) if there is a pretrial agreement that pro-
vides for disapproval or suspension of the dis-missal, dishonorable discharge, bad conduct dis-charge, or forfeiture of all pay and allowances, as of the date of the approval of the court-mar-tial sentence by the person acting under section 860(c) of this title (article 60(c) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) if the sentence, as ap-proved, includes— 
‘‘(i) an unsuspended dismissal, dishonorable 
discharge, or bad conduct discharge; and 
‘‘(ii) forfeiture of all pay and allowances. ‘‘(2) Paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (e), 
paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (g), and subsections (f) and (h) of section 1059 of this title shall apply in determining— 
‘‘(A) the amount of transitional compensation 
to be paid under this section; 
‘‘(B) the period for which such compensation 
may be paid; and 
‘‘(C) the circumstances under which the pay-
ment of such compensation may or will cease. 
‘‘(e) C
OMMISSARY AND EXCHANGE BENEFITS .— 
A dependent or former dependent who receives transitional compensation under this section shall, while receiving such payments, be entitled to use commissary and exchange stores in the same manner as provided in subsection (j) of section 1059 of this title. 
‘‘(f) C
OORDINATION OF BENEFITS .—(1) The 
Secretary concerned may not make payments to a spouse or former spouse under both this sec-tion, on the one hand, and section 1059, 1408(h), or 1408(i) of this title, on the other hand. In the case of a spouse or former spouse for whom a court order provides for payments pursuant to section 1408(h) or 1408(i) of this title and to whom the Secretary offers payments under this section or section 1059 of this title, the spouse or former spouse shall elect which payments to re-ceive. 
‘‘(2) Upon the cessation of payments of transi-
tional compensation to a spouse or former spouse under this section pursuant to subsection (d)(2), a spouse or former spouse who elected payments of transitional compensation under this section and either remains or becomes eligi-ble for payments under section 1408(h) or 1408(i) of this title, as applicable, may commence re-ceipt of payments under such section 1408(h) or 1408(i) in accordance with such section. 
‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall prescribe regulations to carry out this sec-tion with respect to the armed forces (other than the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy). The Secretary of Homeland Security shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy. 
‘‘(h) D
EPENDENT CHILD DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘dependent child’, with respect to a member or former member of the armed forces referred to in subsection (b), has the meaning given such term in subsection (l) of section 1059 of this title, except that status as a ‘dependent child’ shall be determined as of the date on which the member described in subsection (b) is convicted of the offense concerned.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 53 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1059 the following new item: 
‘‘1059a. Dependents of members of the armed 
forces ineligible to receive retired pay as a result of court-martial sentence: transitional compensa-tion and other benefits; com-missary and exchange benefits.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (i) 
of section 1059 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) C
OORDINATION OF BENEFITS .—The Sec-
retary concerned may not make payments to a spouse or former spouse under both this section, on the one hand, and section 1059a, 1408(h), or 1408(i) of this title, on the other hand. In the case of a spouse or former spouse for whom a court order provides for payments pursuant to section 1408(h) or 1408(i) of this title and to whom the Secretary offers payments under this section or section 1059a of this title, the spouse or former spouse shall elect which payments to receive.’’. 
Subtitle E—Commissary and Non-Appro-
priated Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
SEC. 651. COMMISSARY SYSTEM MATTERS. 
(a) O PERATING EXPENSES .—Section 2483 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘supplies 
and’’; 
(B) by striking (5); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-
graph (5); and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(d) T
RANSPORTATION COSTS FOR CERTAIN  
GOODS AND SUPPLIES .—Appropriated funds may 
be used to pay any costs associated with the transportation of commissary goods and sup-plies to overseas areas, but only to the extent that the working capital fund for commissary operations is reimbursed for the payment of such costs. The sales prices in commissary stores worldwide shall be adjusted in an equal percent-age to the extent necessary to provide sufficient gross revenues from such sales to make such re-imbursements. 
‘‘(e) U
NIFORM SYSTEM -WIDE PRICING .—The de-
fense commissary system shall be managed with the objective of attaining uniform system-wide pricing.’’. 
(b) P
RICING AND SURCHARGES .—Section 2484 of 
such title is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (e) and inserting the 
following new subsection (e): 
‘‘(e) S ALES PRICE ESTABLISHMENT .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall establish the sales price of merchandise sold in, at, or by commissary stores in amounts sufficient to finance operating expenses as prescribed in section 2483(b) of this title and the replenishment of inventories.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (h)— (A) in the subsection caption, by striking 
‘‘
AND MAINTENANCE ’’ and inserting ‘‘M AINTE -
NANCE , AND PURCHASE OF OPERATING SUP-
PLIES ’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the 
end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(iii) to purchase operating supplies for com-
missary stores.’’. 
(c) O
VERSEAS TRANSPORTATION .—Section 
2643(b) of such title is amended by striking the first sentence and inserting the following new sentence: ‘‘Defense working capital funds may be used to cover the transportation costs of com-missary goods and supplies as provided in sec-tion 2483(d) of this title.’’. 
SEC. 652. PLAN ON PRIVATIZATION OF THE DE-
FENSE COMMISSARY SYSTEM. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4390 June 22, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report set-ting forth a plan for the privatization, in whole or in part, of the defense commissary system of the Department of Defense. 
(2) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall con-
sult with major grocery retailers in the conti-nental United States in developing the plan. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .— 
(1) P LAN ELEMENTS .—The plan required by 
subsection (a) shall ensure the provision of high quality grocery goods and products, discount savings to patrons, and high levels of customer satisfaction while achieving savings for the De-partment of Defense. 
(2) R
EPORT ELEMENTS .—The report required 
by subsection (a) should include— 
(A) an evaluation of the current rates of basic 
pay and basic allowance for subsistence payable to members of the Armed Forces, and an assess-ment whether such pay and allowance should be adjusted to ensure that members maintain purchasing power for grocery goods and prod-ucts under the plan; 
(B) an estimate of any initial and long-term 
costs or savings to the Department as a result of the implementation of the plan; 
(C) an assessment whether the privatized de-
fense commissary system under the plan can sustain the current savings to patrons of the de-fense commissary system; 
(D) an assessment of the impact that privat-
ization of the defense commissary system under the plan would have on all eligible beneficiaries; 
(E) an assessment whether the privatized de-
fense commissary system under the plan can sustain the continued operation of existing com-missaries; and 
(F) an assessment whether privatization of the 
defense commissary system is feasible for over-seas commissaries. 
(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR LEGISLATIVE AC -
TION.—The plan shall include recommendations 
for such legislative action as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to implement the plan. 
(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  
STATES ASSESSMENT OF PLAN.—Not later than 
120 days after the submittal of the report re-quired by subsection (a), the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the committees of Congress referred to in that sub-section a report setting forth an assessment by the Comptroller General of the plan set forth in the report required by that subsection. 
(d) P
ILOT PROGRAM ON PRIVATIZATION .— 
(1) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—Commencing 
as soon as practicable after the submittal to Congress of the report required by subsection (c), the Secretary shall carry out a pilot pro-gram to assess the feasibility and advisability of the plan set forth in the report required by sub-section (a). 
(2) N
UMBER AND LOCATION OF COM -
MISSARIES .—The pilot program shall involve not fewer than five commissaries selected by the Sec-
retary for purposes of the pilot program from among commissaries in the largest markets of the defense commissary system in the United States. 
(3) S
COPE OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The Secretary 
shall carry out the pilot program in accordance with the plan described in paragraph (1) as modified by the Secretary in light of the assess-ment of the plan by the Comptroller General pursuant to subsection (c). The Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a notice on any modifications made to the plan for purposes of the pilot program in light of the assessment. 
(4) A
DDITIONAL ELEMENT ON ONLINE PUR -
CHASES .—In an addition to any requirements 
under paragraph (3), the Secretary may include in the pilot program a component designed to permit eligible beneficiaries of the defense com-missary system in the catchment areas of the commissaries selected for participation in the pilot program to order and purchase grocery goods and products otherwise available through the defense commissary system through the Internet and to receive items so ordered through home delivery. 
(5) D
URATION .—The duration of the pilot pro-
gram shall be two years. 
(6) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report on the pilot program, including— 
(A) an assessment of the feasibility and advis-
ability of carrying out the plan described in paragraph (1), as modified, if at all, as described in paragraph (3); and 
(B) a description of any modifications to the 
plan the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program. 
SEC. 653. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REPORT ON THE COMMISSARY SURCHARGE, NON-AP-PROPRIATED FUND, AND PRIVATELY- FINANCED MAJOR CONSTRUCTION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the Commissary Surcharge, Non-ap-propriated Fund and Privately-Financed Major Construction Program of the Department of De-fense. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection 
(a) shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment whether the Secretary of 
Defense has established policies and procedures to ensure the timely submittal to the committees of Congress referred to in subsection (a) of no-tice on construction projects proposed to be funded through the program referred to in that subsection. (2) An assessment whether the Secretaries of 
the military departments have developed and implemented policies and procedures to comply with the policies and directives of the Depart-ment of Defense for the submittal to such com-mittees of Congress of notice on such construc-tion projects. 
(3) An assessment whether the Secretary of 
Defense has established policies and procedures to notify such committees of Congress when such construction projects have been commenced without notice to Congress. 
(4) An assessment whether construction 
projects described in paragraph (3) have been completed before submittal of notice to Congress as described in that paragraph and, if so, a list of such projects. 
TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care 
Benefits 
SEC. 701. URGENT CARE AUTHORIZATION UNDER 
THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) U RGENT CARE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In accordance with the regu-
lations prescribed under this section, a covered beneficiary under the TRICARE program shall have access to up to four urgent care visits per year under that program without the need for preauthorization for such visits. 
(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out paragraph (1). 
(b) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) publish information on any modifications 
made pursuant to subsection (a) to the author-ization requirements for the receipt of urgent care under the TRICARE program— 
(A) on the primary Internet website that is 
available to the public of the Department; and 
(B) on the primary Internet website that is 
available to the public of each military medical treatment facility; and 
(2) ensure that such information is made 
available on the primary Internet website that is available to the public of each current managed care contractor that has established a health care provider network under the TRICARE pro-gram. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 702. MODIFICATIONS OF COST-SHARING RE-
QUIREMENTS FOR THE TRICARE PHARMACY BENEFITS PROGRAM. 
Paragraph (6) of section 1074g(a) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(6)(A) In the case of any of the years 2016 
through 2025, the cost-sharing amounts under this subsection shall be determined in accord-ance with the following table: 
‘‘For: The cost-sharing 
amount for 30-day supply of a retail generic is: The cost-sharing 
amount for 30-day supply of a retail formulary is: The cost-sharing 
amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order generic is: The cost-sharing 
amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order formulary is: The cost-sharing 
amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order non-for-mulary is: 
2016 $8 $28 $0 $28 $54 
2017 $8 $30 $0 $30 $58 
2018 $8 $32 $0 $32 $62 
2019 $9 $34 $9 $34 $66 
2020 $10 $36 $10 $36 $70 
2021 $11 $38 $11 $38 $75 
2022 $12 $40 $12 $40 $80 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4391 June 22, 2015 
‘‘For: The cost-sharing 
amount for 30-day supply of a retail generic is: The cost-sharing 
amount for 30-day supply of a retail formulary is: The cost-sharing 
amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order generic is: The cost-sharing 
amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order formulary is: The cost-sharing 
amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order non-for-mulary is: 
2023 $13 $43 $13 $43 $85 
2024 $14 $45 $14 $45 $90 
2025 $14 $46 $14 $46 $92 
‘‘(B) For any year after 2025, the cost-sharing 
amounts under this subsection shall be equal to the cost-sharing amounts for the previous year adjusted by an amount, if any, determined by the Secretary to reflect changes in the costs of pharmaceutical agents and prescription dis-pensing, rounded to the nearest dollar. 
‘‘(C) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A) and 
(B), the cost-sharing amounts under this sub-section for any year for a dependent of a mem-ber of the uniformed services who dies while on active duty, a member retired under chapter 61 of this title, or a dependent of such a member shall be equal to the cost-sharing amounts, if any, for 2015.’’. 
SEC. 703. EXPANSION OF CONTINUED HEALTH 
BENEFITS COVERAGE TO INCLUDE DISCHARGED AND RELEASED MEM-BERS OF THE SELECTED RESERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
1078a of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) A member of the Selected Reserve of the 
Ready Reserve of a reserve component of the armed forces who— 
‘‘(A) is discharged or released from service in 
the Selected Reserve, whether voluntarily or in-voluntarily, under other than adverse condi-tions, as characterized by the Secretary con-cerned; 
‘‘(B) immediately preceding that discharge or 
release, is eligible to enroll in TRICARE Stand-ard coverage under section 1076d of this title; and 
‘‘(C) after that discharge or release, would not 
otherwise be eligible for any benefits under this chapter.’’. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY .—Subsection 
(c)(2) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘or subsection (b)(2)’’ after ‘‘subsection (b)(1)’’. 
(c) E
LECTION OF COVERAGE .—Subsection (d) of 
such section is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) In the case of a member described in sub-
section (b)(2), the written election shall be sub-mitted to the Secretary concerned before the end of the 60-day period beginning on the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date of the discharge or release of the 
member from service in the Selected Reserve; and 
‘‘(B) the date the member receives the notifi-
cation required pursuant to subsection (c).’’. 
(d) C
OVERAGE OF DEPENDENTS .—Subsection 
(e) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘or subsection (b)(2)’’ after ‘‘subsection (b)(1)’’. 
(e) P
ERIOD OF CONTINUED COVERAGE .—Sub-
section (g)(1) of such section is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (C) through (E); and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following new subparagraph (B): 
‘‘(B) in the case of a member described in sub-
section (b)(2), the date which is 18 months after the date the member ceases to be eligible to en-roll in TRICARE Standard coverage under sec-tion 1076d of this title;’’. (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such section 
is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by sub-
section (c)(1), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (b)(4)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (b)(5)’’; 
(3) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(b)(2) or subsection (b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (b)(3) or subsection (b)(4)’’; and 
(4) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated by 
subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (E), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(5)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘paragraph (1)(D)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘subsection (b)(4)’’. 
SEC. 704. EXPANSION OF REIMBURSEMENT FOR 
SMOKING CESSATION SERVICES FOR CERTAIN TRICARE BENEFICIARIES. 
Section 713(f) of the Duncan Hunter National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4503) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘during 
fiscal year 2009’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘during 
such period’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘during fiscal 
year 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘after September 30, 2008’’. 
SEC. 705. PILOT PROGRAM ON TREATMENT OF 
MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOR POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DIS-ORDER RELATED TO MILITARY SEX-UAL TRAUMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may conduct a pilot program to provide inten-sive outpatient programs to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for substance abuse, depression, and other issues related to such conditions. 
(b) G
RANTS TO COMMUNITY PARTNERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may carry out the pilot program through the award of grants to community partners de-scribed in paragraph (2). 
(2) C
OMMUNITY PARTNERS .—A community 
partner described in this paragraph is a private health care organization or institution that— (A) provides health care to members of the 
Armed Forces; 
(B) provides evidence-based treatment for psy-
chological and neurological conditions that are common among members of the Armed Forces, including post-traumatic stress disorder, trau-matic brain injury, substance abuse, and de-pression; 
(C) provides health care, support, and other 
benefits to family members of members of the Armed Forces; and 
(D) provides health care under the TRICARE 
program (as that term is defined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code). 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS OF GRANT RECIPIENTS .— 
Each community partner awarded a grant under subsection (b) shall— 
(1) carry out intensive outpatient programs of 
short duration to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from post-traumatic stress dis-order resulting from military sexual trauma, in-cluding treatment for substance abuse, depres-sion, and other issues related to such condi-tions; 
(2) use evidence-based and evidence-informed 
treatment strategies in carrying out such pro-grams; 
(3) share clinical and outreach best practices 
with other community partners participating in the pilot program; and 
(4) annually assess outcomes for members of 
the Armed Forces individually and throughout the community partner with respect to the treat-ment of conditions described in paragraph (1). 
(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the costs of a program carried out by a commu-nity partner using a grant under this section may not exceed 50 percent. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary of Defense 
may not carry out the conduct of the pilot pro-gram after the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 711. ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE UNDER THE 
TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) A CCESS TO HEALTH CARE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program seeking an appointment for health care under such program at a military medical treatment facility obtain such an ap-pointment at such facility within the wait-time goals specified for the receipt of such health care pursuant to the health care access stand-ards established under subsection (b). 
(2) U
SE OF CONTRACT AUTHORITY .—If a cov-
ered beneficiary is unable to obtain an appoint-ment within the wait-time goals described in paragraph (1), such covered beneficiary shall be offered an appointment within such wait-time goals with a health care provider with which a contract has been entered into under the TRICARE program. 
(b) S
TANDARDS FOR ACCESS TO CARE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall establish health care access stand-ards, including wait-time goals for appoint-ments, for the receipt of health care under the TRICARE program, whether received at military medical treatment facilities or from health care providers with which a contract has been en-tered into under such program. 
(2) C
ATEGORIES OF CARE .—The health care ac-
cess standards established under paragraph (1) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4392 June 22, 2015 
shall include standards with respect to the fol-
lowing categories of health care: 
(A) Primary care, including pediatric care, 
maternity care, gynecological care, and other subcategories of primary care. 
(B) Specialty care, including behavioral 
health care and other subcategories of specialty care. 
(3) M
ODIFICATIONS .—The Secretary may mod-
ify the health care access standards established under paragraph (1) whenever the Secretary considers the modification of such standards ap-propriate. 
(4) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall publish 
the health care access standards established under paragraph (1), and any modifications to such standards, in the Federal Register and on a publicly accessible Internet website of the De-partment of Defense. 
(c) P
UBLICATION OF APPOINTMENT WAIT 
TIMES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall publish on a publicly accessible Internet website of each military medical treat-ment facility that offers a category or sub-category of health care covered by the standards under subsection (b)(2) the average wait-time for a covered beneficiary for an appointment at such facility for the receipt of each such cat-egory and subcategory of health care. 
(2) M
ODIFICATIONS .—Whenever there is a 
modification of a wait-time for a category or subcategory of health care published under this subsection, the Secretary shall publish on a publicly accessible Internet website of each mili-tary medical treatment facility that provides such category or subcategory of health care the modified wait-time for such category or sub-category of health care. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 712. PORTABILITY OF HEALTH PLANS 
UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) H EALTH PLANPORTABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall ensure that covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program who are covered under a health plan under such program are able to seamlessly access health care under such health plan in each TRICARE program region. 
(2) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out paragraph (1). 
(b) M
ECHANISMS TOENSURE PORTABILITY .—In 
carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall do the following: 
(1) Provide for the automatic electronic trans-
fer of demographic, enrollment, and claims in-formation between the contractors responsible for administering the TRICARE program in each TRICARE region when covered bene-ficiaries under the TRICARE program relocate between such regions. 
(2) Ensure such covered beneficiaries are able 
to obtain a new primary health care provider within ten days of undergoing such relocation. 
(3) Develop a process for such covered bene-
ficiaries to receive urgent care without preauthorization while undergoing such reloca-tion. 
(c) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) publish information on any modifications 
made pursuant to subsection (a) with respect to the ability of covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program who are covered under a health plan under such program to access health care in each TRICARE region on the pri-mary Internet website of the Department that is available to the public; and 
(2) ensure that such information is made 
available on the primary Internet website that is available to the public of each current con-tractor responsible for administering the TRICARE program. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 713. IMPROVEMENT OF MENTAL HEALTH 
CARE PROVIDED BY HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) T RAINING ON RECOGNITION AND MANAGE -
MENT OF RISK OF SUICIDE .— 
(1) I NITIAL TRAINING .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that all pri-mary care and mental health care providers of the Department of Defense receive, or have al-ready received, evidence-based training on the recognition and assessment of individuals at risk for suicide and the management of such risk. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL TRAINING .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that providers who receive, or have already received, training described in para-graph (1) receive such additional training there-after as may be required based on evidence- based changes in health care practices. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT OF MENTAL HEALTH WORK-
FORCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report assessing the mental health workforce of the Department of Defense and the long-term mental health care needs of members of the Armed Forces and their depend-ents for purposes of determining the long-term requirements of the Department for mental health care providers. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the following: 
(A) The number of mental health care pro-
viders of the Department of Defense as of the date of the submittal of the report, disaggregated by specialty, including psychia-trists, psychologists, social workers, mental health counselors, and marriage and family therapists. 
(B) The number of mental health care pro-
viders that are anticipated to be needed by the Department. 
(C) The types of mental health care providers 
that are anticipated to be needed by the Depart-ment. 
(D) Locations in which mental health care 
providers are anticipated to be needed by the Department. 
(c) P
LAN FOR DEVELOPMENT OF PROCEDURES  
TOMEASURE MENTAL HEALTH DATA.—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Sen-ate and the House of Representatives a plan for the Department of Defense to develop proce-dures to compile and assess data relating to the following: 
(1) Outcomes for mental health care provided 
by the Department. 
(2) Variations in such outcomes among dif-
ferent medical facilities of the Department. 
(3) Barriers, if any, to the implementation by 
mental health care providers of the Department of the clinical practice guidelines and other evi-dence-based treatments and approaches rec-ommended for such providers by the Secretary. 
SEC. 714. COMPREHENSIVE STANDARDS AND AC-
CESS TO CONTRACEPTION COUN-SELING FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is 
to ensure that all health care providers em-ployed by the Department of Defense who pro-vide care for members of the Armed Forces, in-cluding general practitioners, are provided, through clinical practice guidelines, the most current evidence-based and evidence-informed standards of care with respect to methods of contraception and counseling on methods of contraception. (b) C
LINICAL PRACTICE GUIDELINES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall compile clinical practice guidelines for health care providers described in subsection (a) on standards of care with respect to methods of contraception and counseling on methods of contraception for members of the Armed Forces. 
(2) S
OURCES .—The Secretary shall compile 
clinical practice guidelines under this subsection from among clinical practice guidelines estab-lished by appropriate health agencies and pro-fessional organizations, including the following: 
(A) The United States Preventive Services 
Task Force. 
(B) The Centers for Disease Control and Pre-
vention. 
(C) The Office of Population Affairs of the 
Department of Health and Human Services. 
(D) The American College of Obstetricians 
and Gynecologists. 
(E) The Association of Reproductive Health 
Professionals. 
(F) The American Academy of Family Physi-
cians. 
(G) The Agency for Healthcare Research and 
Quality. 
(3) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall from time 
to time update the list of clinical practice guide-lines compiled under this subsection to incor-porate into such guidelines new or updated standards of care with respect to methods of contraception and counseling on methods of contraception. 
(4) D
ISSEMINATION .— 
(A) I NITIAL DISSEMINATION .—As soon as prac-
ticable after the compilation of clinical practice guidelines pursuant to paragraph (1), but com-mencing not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide for rapid dissemination of the clinical practice guidelines to health care providers de-scribed in subsection (a). 
(B) U
PDATES .—As soon as practicable after 
the adoption under paragraph (3) of any update to the clinical practice guidelines compiled pur-suant to this subsection, the Secretary shall pro-vide for the rapid dissemination of such clinical practice guidelines, as so updated, to health care providers described in subsection (a). 
(C) P
ROTOCOLS .—Clinical practice guidelines, 
and any updates to such guidelines, shall be disseminated under this paragraph in accord-ance with administrative protocols developed by the Secretary for that purpose. 
(c) C
LINICAL DECISION SUPPORT TOOLS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall, in order to assist health care pro-viders described in subsection (a), develop and implement clinical decision support tools that reflect, through the clinical practice guidelines compiled pursuant to subsection (b), the most current evidence-based and evidence-informed standards of care with respect to methods of contraception and counseling on methods of contraception. 
(2) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall from time 
to time update the clinical decision support tools developed under this subsection to incorporate into such tools new or updated guidelines on methods of contraception and counseling on methods of contraception. 
(3) D
ISSEMINATION .—Clinical decision support 
tools, and any updates to such tools, shall be disseminated under this subsection in accord-ance with administrative protocols developed by the Secretary for that purpose. Such protocols shall be similar to the administrative protocols developed under subsection (b)(4)(C). 
(d) A
CCESS TO CONTRACEPTION COUNSELING .— 
As soon as practicable after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall ensure that women members of the Armed Forces have access to comprehensive counseling on the full range of methods of contraception provided by health care providers described in subsection (a) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4393 June 22, 2015 
during health care visits, including visits as fol-
lows: 
(1) During predeployment health care visits, 
including counseling that provides specific in-formation women need regarding the interaction between anticipated deployment conditions and various methods of contraception. 
(2) During health care visits during deploy-
ment. 
(3) During annual physical examinations. (e) I
NCORPORATION INTO SURVEYS OF QUES-
TIONS ON SERVICEWOMEN EXPERIENCES WITH 
FAMILY PLANNING SERVICES AND COUNSELING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall integrate into the surveys by the Department of Defense specified in paragraph (2) questions designed to obtain information on the experiences of women members of the Armed Forces— 
(A) in accessing family planning services and 
counseling; 
(B) in using family planning methods, includ-
ing information on which method was preferred and whether deployment conditions affected the decision on which family planning method or methods to be used; and 
(C) with respect to women members of the 
Armed Forces who are pregnant, whether the pregnancy was intended. 
(2) C
OVERED SURVEYS .—The surveys into 
which questions shall be integrated as described in paragraph (1) are the following: 
(A) The Health Related Behavior Survey of 
Active Duty Military Personnel. 
(B) The Health Care Survey of Department of 
Defense Beneficiaries. 
(f) E
DUCATION ON FAMILY PLANNING FOR  
MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES .— 
(1) E DUCATION PROGRAMS .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a uni-form standard curriculum to be used in edu-cation programs on family planning for all mem-bers of the Armed Forces, including both men and women members. 
(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the education programs described in paragraph (1) should use the latest tech-nology available to efficiently and effectively deliver information to members of the Armed Forces. 
(3) E
LEMENTS .—The uniform standard cur-
riculum under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Information for members of the Armed 
Forces on active duty to make informed deci-sions regarding family planning. 
(B) Information about the prevention of unin-
tended pregnancy and sexually transmitted in-fections, including human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). 
(C) Information on the importance of pro-
viding comprehensive family planning for mem-bers of the Armed Forces, and their commanding officers, and on the positive impact family plan-ning can have on the health and readiness of the Armed Forces. 
(D) Current, medically accurate information. (E) Clear, user-friendly information on the 
full range of methods of contraception and where members of the Armed Forces can access their chosen method of contraception. 
(F) Information on all applicable laws and 
policies so that members are informed of their rights and obligations. 
(G) Information on patients’ rights to con-
fidentiality. 
(H) Information on the unique circumstances 
encountered by members of the Armed Forces, and the effects of such circumstances on the use of contraception. 
SEC. 715. WAIVER OF RECOUPMENT OF ERRO-
NEOUS PAYMENTS DUE TO ADMINIS-TRATIVE ERROR UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1095f the following new section: ‘‘§ 1095g. TRICARE program: waiver of 
recoupment of erroneous payments due to administrative error 
‘‘(a) W
AIVER OF RECOUPMENT .—The Secretary 
of Defense may waive recoupment from a cov-ered beneficiary who has benefitted from an er-roneous TRICARE payment in a case in which each of the following applies: 
‘‘(1) The payment was made due to an admin-
istrative error by an employee of the Department of Defense or a contractor under the TRICARE program. 
‘‘(2) The covered beneficiary (or in the case of 
a minor, the parent or guardian of the covered beneficiary) had a good faith, reasonable belief that the covered beneficiary was entitled to the benefit of such payment under this chapter. 
‘‘(3) The covered beneficiary relied on the ex-
pectation of such entitlement. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary determines that a waiver of 
recoupment of such payment is necessary to pre-vent an injustice. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF CONTRACTOR .—In any 
case in which the Secretary waives recoupment under subsection (a) and the administrative error was on the part of a contractor under the TRICARE program, the Secretary shall, con-sistent with the requirements and procedures of the applicable contract, impose financial re-sponsibility on the contractor for the erroneous payment. 
‘‘(c) F
INALITY OF DETERMINATIONS .—Any de-
termination by the Secretary under this section to waive or decline to waive recoupment under subsection (a) is a final determination and shall not be subject to appeal or judicial review.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 55 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1095f the following new item: 
‘‘1095g. TRICARE program: waiver of 
recoupment of erroneous pay-ments due to administrative error.’’. 
SEC. 716. DESIGNATION OF CERTAIN NON-DE-
PARTMENT MENTAL HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS WITH KNOWLEDGE RE-LATING TO TREATMENT OF MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) M ENTAL HEALTH PROVIDER READINESS  
DESIGNATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall develop a system by which any non-Department mental health care provider that meets eligibility criteria estab-lished by the Secretary relating to the knowl-edge described in paragraph (2) receives a men-tal health provider readiness designation from the Department of Defense. 
(2) K
NOWLEDGE DESCRIBED .—The knowledge 
described in this paragraph is the following: 
(A) Knowledge and understanding with re-
spect to the culture of members of the Armed Forces and family members and caregivers of members of the Armed Forces. 
(B) Knowledge with respect to evidence-based 
treatments that have been approved by the De-partment for the treatment of mental health issues among members of the Armed Forces. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION ON DES-
IGNATION .— 
(1) R EGISTRY .—The Secretary of Defense shall 
establish and update as necessary a registry that is available to the public of all non-Depart-ment mental health care providers that are cur-rently designated under subsection (a)(1). 
(2) P
ROVIDER LIST .—The Secretary shall up-
date all lists maintained by the Secretary of non-Department mental health care providers that provide mental health care under the laws administered by the Secretary by indicating the providers that are currently designated under subsection (a)(1). 
(c) N
ON-DEPARTMENT MENTAL HEALTH CARE 
PROVIDER DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘non-Department mental health care pro-vider’’— (1) means a health care provider that— 
(A) specializes in mental health; (B) is not a health care provider of the De-
partment of Defense; and 
(C) provides health care to members of the 
Armed Forces; and 
(2) includes psychiatrists, psychologists, psy-
chiatric nurses, social workers, mental health counselors, marriage and family therapists, and other mental health care providers designated by the Secretary of Defense. 
SEC. 717. LIMITATION ON CONVERSION OF MILI-
TARY MEDICAL AND DENTAL POSI-TIONS TO CIVILIAN MEDICAL AND DENTAL POSITIONS. 
(a) L IMITED AUTHORITY FOR CONVERSION .— 
Chapter 49 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 976 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 977. Conversion of military medical and 
dental positions to civilian medical and dental positions: limitation 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENTS RELATING TO CONVER -
SION.—A military medical or dental position 
within the Department of Defense may not be converted to a civilian medical or dental posi-tion unless the Secretary of Defense determines that— 
‘‘(1) the position is not a military essential po-
sition; 
‘‘(2) conversion of the position would not re-
sult in the degradation of medical or dental care or the medical or dental readiness of the armed forces; and 
‘‘(3) conversion of the position to a civilian 
medical or dental position is more cost effective than retaining the position as a military medical or dental position, consistent with Department of Defense Instruction 7041.04. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘military medical or dental posi-
tion’ means a position for the performance of health care functions within the armed forces held by a member of the armed forces. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘civilian medical or dental posi-
tion’ means a position for the performance of health care functions within the Department of Defense held by an employee of the Department or of a contractor of the Department. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘military essential’, with respect 
to a position, means that the position must be held by a member of the armed forces, as deter-mined in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘conversion’, with respect to a 
military medical or dental position, means a change of the position to a civilian medical or dental position, effective as of the date of the manning authorization document of the military department making the change (through a change in designation from military to civilian in the document, the elimination of the listing of the position as a military position in the docu-ment, or through any other means indicating the change in the document or otherwise).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 49 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 976 the following new item: 
‘‘977. Conversion of military medical and dental 
positions to civilian medical and dental positions: limitation.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF RELATED PROHIBITION .—Sec-
tion 721 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 129c note) is repealed. 
SEC. 718. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR JOINT 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MED-ICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND. 
Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), as amended by section 722 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4394 June 22, 2015 
amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and 
inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. 
SEC. 719. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR DOD– 
VA HEALTH CARE SHARING INCEN-TIVE FUND. 
Section 8111(d)(3) of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 720. PILOT PROGRAM ON INCENTIVE PRO-
GRAMS TO IMPROVE HEALTH CARE PROVIDED UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall carry out a pilot program to assess whether a reduction in the rate of increase in health care spending by the Department of De-fense and an enhancement of the operation of the military health system may be achieved by developing and implementing value-based incen-tive programs to encourage health care pro-viders under the TRICARE program (including physicians, hospitals, and others involved in providing health care to patients) to improve the following: 
(1) The quality of health care provided to cov-
ered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program. 
(2) The experience of covered beneficiaries in 
receiving health care under the TRICARE pro-gram. 
(3) The health of covered beneficiaries. (b) I
NCENTIVE PROGRAMS .— 
(1) D EVELOPMENT .—In developing an incen-
tive program under this section, the Secretary shall— 
(A) consider the characteristics of the popu-
lation of covered beneficiaries affected by the incentive program; 
(B) consider how the incentive program would 
impact the receipt of health care under the TRICARE program by such covered bene-ficiaries; 
(C) establish or maintain a reasonable assur-
ance that such covered beneficiaries will have timely access to health care during operation of the incentive program; 
(D) ensure that there are no additional finan-
cial costs to such covered beneficiaries of imple-menting the incentive program; and 
(E) consider such other factors as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—With respect to an incentive 
program developed and implemented under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that— 
(A) the size, scope, and duration of the incen-
tive program is reasonable in relation to the purpose of the incentive program; and 
(B) appropriate criteria and data collection 
are used to ensure adequate evaluation of the feasibility and advisability of implementing the incentive program throughout the TRICARE program. 
(3) U
SE OF EXISTING MODELS .—In developing 
an incentive program under this section, the Secretary may adapt a value-based incentive program conducted by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services or any other governmental or commercial health care program. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—The authority of the Sec-
retary to carry out the pilot program under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2019. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 15, 2019, 
the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot program that includes the following: 
(1) An assessment of each incentive program 
developed and implemented under this section, including whether such incentive program— 
(A) improves the quality of health care pro-
vided to covered beneficiaries, the experience of covered beneficiaries in receiving health care under the TRICARE program, or the health of covered beneficiaries; 
(B) reduces the rate of increase in health care 
spending by the Department of Defense; or 
(C) enhances the operation of the military 
health system. 
(2) Such recommendations for administrative 
or legislative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program, in-
cluding to implement any such incentive pro-gram or programs throughout the TRICARE program. 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 731. PUBLICATION OF CERTAIN INFORMA-
TION ON HEALTH CARE PROVIDED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE THROUGH THE HOSPITAL COMPARE WEBSITE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. 
(a) M EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING RE-
QUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a memorandum of un-derstanding with the Secretary of Health and Human Services for the provision by the Sec-retary of Defense of such information as the Secretary of Health and Human Services may require to report and make publicly available in-formation on quality of care and health out-comes regarding patients at military medical treatment facilities through the Hospital Com-pare Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services, or any successor Internet website. 
(b) I
NFORMATION PROVIDED .—The information 
provided by the Secretary of Defense to the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services under sub-section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Measures of the timeliness and effective-
ness of the health care provided by the Depart-ment of Defense. 
(2) Measures of the prevalence of— (A) readmissions, including the 30-day read-
mission rate; 
(B) complications resulting in death, includ-
ing the 30-day mortality rate; 
(C) surgical complications; and (D) health care related infections. (3) Survey data of patient experiences, includ-
ing the Hospital Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems or any simi-lar survey developed by the Department of De-fense. 
(4) Any other measures or data required of or 
reported with respect to hospitals participating in the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). 
SEC. 732. PUBLICATION OF DATA ON PATIENT 
SAFETY, QUALITY OF CARE, SATIS-FACTION, AND HEALTH OUTCOME MEASURES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall publish on an Inter-net website of the Department of Defense that is available to the public data on all measures used by the Department to assess patient safety, quality of care, patient satisfaction, and health outcomes for health care provided under the TRICARE program at each military medical treatment facility. 
(b) U
PDATES .—The Secretary shall publish an 
update to the data published under subsection (a) not less frequently than once each quarter during each fiscal year. 
(c) A
CCESSIBILITY .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the data published under subsection (a) and updated under subsection (b) is acces-sible to the public through the primary Internet website of the Department and the primary Internet website of the military medical treat-ment facility with respect to which such data applies. 
(d) TRICARE P
ROGRAM DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 733. ANNUAL REPORT ON PATIENT SAFETY, 
QUALITY OF CARE, AND ACCESS TO CARE AT MILITARY MEDICAL TREAT-MENT FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1 each 
year beginning in 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-
ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a comprehensive report on patient safety, quality of care, and access to care at military medical treatment facilities. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The number of sentinel events, as defined 
by the Joint Commission, that occurred at mili-tary medical treatment facilities during the year preceding the submittal of the report, 
disaggregated by— 
(A) military medical treatment facility; and (B) military department with jurisdiction over 
such facilities. 
(2) With respect to each sentinel event de-
scribed in paragraph (1)— 
(A) a synopsis of such event; and (B) a description of any actions taken by the 
Secretary of the military department concerned in response to such event, including any actions taken to hold individuals accountable. 
(3) The number of practitioners providing 
health care in military medical treatment facili-ties that were reported to the National Practi-tioner Data Bank during the year preceding the submittal of the report. 
(4) The results of any internal analyses con-
ducted by the Patient Safety Center of the De-partment of Defense during such year on mat-ters relating to patient safety at military med-ical treatment facilities. 
(5) With respect to each military medical 
treatment facility— 
(A) the current accreditation status of such 
facility, including any recommendations for cor-rective action made by the relevant accrediting body; 
(B) any policies or procedures implemented 
during such year by the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned that were designed to improve patient safety, quality of care, and access to care at such facility; 
(C) data on surgical and maternity care out-
comes during such year; 
(D) data on appointment wait times during 
such year; and 
(E) data on patient safety, quality of care, 
and access to care as compared to standards es-tablished by the Department with respect to pa-tient safety, quality of care, and access to care. 
SEC. 734. REPORT ON PLANS TO IMPROVE EXPE-
RIENCE WITH AND ELIMINATE PER-FORMANCE VARIABILITY OF HEALTH CARE PROVIDED BY THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a comprehensive report setting forth the current and future plans of the Sec-retary, with estimated dates of completion, to carry out the following: 
(A) To improve the experience of beneficiaries 
with health care provided in military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
(B) To eliminate performance variability with 
respect to the provision of such health care. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The comprehensive report re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall include the plans of the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, as follows: 
(A) To align performance measures for health 
care provided in military medical treatment fa-cilities with performance measures for health care provided through purchased care. 
(B) To improve underperformance in the pro-
vision of health care by the Department of De-fense by eliminating performance variability with respect to the provision of health care in military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
(C) To use innovative, high-technology serv-
ices to improve access to care, coordination of care, and the experience of care in military med-ical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4395 June 22, 2015 
(D) To collect and analyze data throughout 
the Department with respect to health care pro-vided in military medical treatment facilities and through purchased care to improve the quality of such care, patient safety, and patient satisfaction. 
(E) To develop a performance management 
system, including by adoption of common meas-ures for access to care, quality of care, safety, and patient satisfaction, that holds medical leadership throughout the Department person-ally accountable for sustained improvement of performance. 
(F) To use such other methods as the Sec-
retary considers appropriate to improve the ex-perience of beneficiaries with and eliminate per-formance variability with respect to health care received from the Department. 
(b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the submittal of the comprehensive report re-quired by subsection (a), the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the plans of the Secretary of Defense set forth in the comprehensive report submitted under such sub-section. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) An assessment whether the plans included 
in the comprehensive report submitted under subsection (a) will, with respect to members of the Armed Forces and covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program— 
(i) improve health outcomes; (ii) create lasting health value; and (iii) ensure that such individuals are able to 
equitably obtain quality health care in all mili-tary medical treatment facilities and through purchased care. 
(B) An assessment whether such plans can be 
reasonably achieved within the estimated dates of completion set forth by the Department under such subsection. 
(C) An assessment whether any such plan 
would require legislative action for the imple-mentation of such plan. 
(D) An assessment whether the Department of 
Defense has adequately budgeted amounts to fund the carrying out of such plans. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘purchased care’’ means health 
care provided pursuant to a contract entered into under the TRICARE program. 
(2) The terms ‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and 
‘‘TRICARE program’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 735. REPORT ON PLAN TO IMPROVE PEDI-
ATRIC CARE AND RELATED SERV-ICES FOR CHILDREN OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan of the Department of Defense to improve pediatric care and related services for children of members of the Armed Forces. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) In order to ensure that children receive de-
velopmentally-appropriate and age-appropriate health care services from the Department, a plan to align preventive pediatric care under the TRICARE program with— 
(A) standards for such care as required by the 
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148); 
(B) guidelines established for such care by the 
Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnosis, and Treatment program under the Medicaid program carried out under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); and 
(C) recommendations by organizations that 
specialize in pediatrics. (2) A plan to develop a uniform definition of 
‘‘pediatric medical necessity’’ for the Depart-ment that aligns with recommendations of orga-nizations that specialize in pediatrics in order to ensure that a consistent definition of such term is used in providing health care in military med-ical treatment facilities and by health care pro-viders under the TRICARE program. 
(3) A plan to revise certification requirements 
for residential treatment centers of the Depart-ment to expand the access of children of mem-bers of the Armed Forces to services at such cen-ters. 
(4) A plan to develop measures to evaluate 
and improve access to pediatric care, coordina-tion of pediatric care, and health outcomes for such children. 
(5) A plan to include an assessment of access 
to pediatric specialty care in the annual report to Congress on the effectiveness of the TRICARE program. 
(6) A plan to improve the quality of and ac-
cess to behavioral health care under the TRICARE program for such children, including intensive outpatient and partial hospitalization services. 
(7) A plan to mitigate the impact of permanent 
changes of station and other service-related re-locations of members of the Armed Forces on the continuity of health care services received by such children who have special medical or be-havioral health needs. 
(8) A plan to mitigate deficiencies in data col-
lection, data utilization, and data analysis to improve pediatric care and related services for children of members of the Armed Forces. 
(c) TRICARE P
ROGRAM DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 736. REPORT ON PRELIMINARY MENTAL 
HEALTH SCREENINGS FOR INDIVID-UALS BECOMING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPORT ON RECOMMENDATIONS IN CONNEC -
TION WITHSCREENINGS .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on mental health screenings of individuals enlisting or accessioning into the Armed Forces before en-listment or accession. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection 
(a) shall include the following: 
(1) Recommendations with respect to estab-
lishing a secure, electronically-based prelimi-nary mental health screening of members of the Armed Forces to bring mental health screenings to parity with physical screenings of members. 
(2) Recommendations with respect to the com-
position of the mental health screening, evi-denced-based best practices, and how to track changes in mental health screenings relating to traumatic brain injuries, post-traumatic stress disorder, and other conditions. 
(c) C
OORDINATION AND CONSULTATION .—The 
Secretary shall prepare the report under sub-section (a)— 
(1) in coordination with the Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the surgeons general of the military departments; and 
(2) in consultation with experts in the field, 
including the National Institute of Mental Health of the National Institutes of Health. 
SEC. 737. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON 
USE OF QUALITY OF CARE METRICS AT MILITARY TREATMENT FACILI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the use by the Department of Defense of metrics with respect to the quality of care provided at military treatment facilities. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) The extent to which the Department of De-
fense and each military department use metrics to monitor and assess the quality of care pro-vided at military treatment facilities. 
(2) How, if at all, the use of such metrics var-
ies among the Department of Defense and each military department. 
(3) The extent to which the Department of De-
fense and each military department use the in-formation from such metrics to identify and ad-dress issues such as the performance of indi-vidual health care providers and areas in need of improvement system-wide. 
(4) The extent to which the Department of De-
fense and each military department oversee the process of using metrics to monitor and assess the quality of care provided at military treat-ment facilities. 
SEC. 738. REPORT ON INTEROPERABILITY BE-
TWEEN ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS SYSTEMS OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to Congress a report that sets forth a timeline with milestones for achieving interoperability between the electronic health records systems of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
SEC. 739. SUBMITTAL OF INFORMATION TO SEC-
RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS RE-LATING TO EXPOSURE TO AIRBORNE HAZARDS AND OPEN BURN PITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs such information in the possession of the Sec-retary of Defense as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs considers necessary to supplement and support— 
(1) the development of information to be in-
cluded in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry established by the Department of Veterans Affairs under section 201 of the Dig-nified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Im-provement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note); and 
(2) research and development activities con-
ducted by the Department of Veterans Affairs to explore the potential health risks of exposure by members of the Armed Forces to environmental factors in Iraq and Afghanistan, in particular the connection of such exposure to respiratory illnesses such as chronic cough, chronic obstruc-tive pulmonary disease, constrictive bronchiolitis, and pulmonary fibrosis. 
(b) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall include in the infor-mation submitted to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under subsection (a) information on any research and surveillance efforts conducted by the Department of Defense to evaluate the inci-dence and prevalence of respiratory illnesses among members of the Armed Forces who were exposed to open burn pits while deployed over-seas. 
SEC. 740. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON 
GAMBLING AND PROBLEM GAM-BLING BEHAVIOR AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall conduct a study on gam-ing facilities at military installations and prob-lem gambling among members of the Armed Forces. 
(b) M
ATTERS INCLUDED .—The study conducted 
under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) With respect to gaming facilities at mili-
tary installations, disaggregated by each branch of the Armed Forces— 
(A) the number, type, and location of such 
gaming facilities; 
(B) the total amount of cash flow through 
such gaming facilities; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4396 June 22, 2015 
(C) the amount of revenue generated by such 
gaming facilities for morale, welfare, and recre-ation programs of the Department of Defense. 
(2) An assessment of the prevalence of and 
particular risks for problem gambling among members of the Armed Forces, including such recommendations for policies and programs to be carried out by the Department to address prob-lem gambling as the Secretary considers appro-priate. 
(3) An assessment of the ability and capacity 
of military health care personnel to adequately diagnose and provide dedicated treatment for problem gambling, including— 
(A) a comparison of treatment programs of the 
Department for alcohol abuse, illegal substance abuse, and tobacco addiction with treatment programs of the Department for problem gam-bling; and 
(B) an assessment of whether additional 
training for military health care personnel on providing treatment for problem gambling would be beneficial. 
(4) An assessment of the financial counseling 
and related services that are available to mem-bers of the Armed Forces and their dependents who are impacted by problem gambling. 
(c) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate 
committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 741. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF DATA 
SECURITY AND TRANSMISSION STANDARDS FOR ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than June 1, 2016, 
the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly submit to Congress a report on the standards for security and transmission of data to be implemented by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs in deploying the new or up-dated, as the case may be, electronic health record system of each such Department (re-quired to be deployed by each such Department under section 713 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note)) at military installa-tions and in field environments. 
(b) T
RANSMISSION OF DATA.—The report re-
quired by subsection (a) shall include informa-tion on standards for transmission of data be-tween the Department of Defense and the De-partment of Veterans Affairs and standards for transmission of data between each such Depart-ment and private sector entities. 
TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-
SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and 
Management 
SEC. 801. ROLE OF SERVICE CHIEFS IN THE AC-
QUISITION PROCESS. 
(a) S ERVICE CHIEFS AS CUSTOMER OF ACQUISI -
TION PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 149 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2546 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2546a. Customer-oriented acquisition sys-
tem 
‘‘(a) O
BJECTIVE .—It shall be the objective of 
the defense acquisition system to meet the needs of its customers in the most cost-effective man-ner practicable. The acquisition policies, direc-tives, and regulations of the Department of De-fense shall be modified as necessary to ensure the development and implementation of a cus-tomer-oriented acquisition system. ‘‘(b) C
USTOMER .—The customer of the defense 
acquisition system is the military service that will have primary responsibility for fielding the system or systems acquired. The customer is rep-resented with regard to a major defense acquisi-tion program by the Secretary of the relevant military department and the Chief of the rel-evant military service. 
‘‘(c) R
OLE OF CUSTOMER .—The customer of a 
major defense acquisition program shall be re-sponsible for balancing resources against prior-ities on the acquisition program and ensuring that appropriate trade-offs are made among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and per-formance on a continuing basis throughout the life of the acquisition program.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 149 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2546 the following new item: 
‘‘2546a. Customer-oriented acquisition system.’’. 
(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF CHIEFS .—Section 
2547(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(6) as paragraphs (3) through (7), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) Decisions regarding the balancing of re-
sources and priorities, and associated trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance on major defense acquisition pro-grams.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by para-
graph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘The development’’ and inserting ‘‘The development and management’’. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF MILITARY DEPU-
TIES.—Section 908(d) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 278; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) D
UTIES OF PRINCIPAL MILITARY DEPU-
TIES.—Each Principal Military Deputy to a 
service acquisition executive shall be responsible for— 
‘‘(1) keeping the Chief of Staff of the Armed 
Force concerned informed of the progress of major defense acquisition programs; 
‘‘(2) informing the Chief of Staff on a con-
tinuing basis of any developments on major de-fense programs, which may require new or revis-ited trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance, including— 
‘‘(A) significant cost growth or schedule slip-
page; and 
‘‘(B) requirements creep (as defined in section 
2547(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code); and 
‘‘(3) ensuring that the views of the Chief of 
Staff on cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade-offs are strongly consid-ered by program managers and program execu-tive officers in all phases of the acquisition process.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) J OINT REQUIREMENTS OVERSIGHT COUN -
CIL.—Section 181(d) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) The Council shall seek, and strongly con-
sider, the views of the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces, in their roles as customers of the acquisition system, on matters pertaining to trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical feasi-bility, and performance under subsection (b)(1)(C) and the balancing of resources with priorities pursuant to subsection (b)(3).’’. 
(2) M
ILESTONE A DECISIONS .—The chief of the 
relevant military service shall advise the mile-stone decision authority for a major defense ac-quisition program of the chief’s views on cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade-offs that have been made with regard to the program, as provided in section 2366a(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 844 of this Act, prior to a Milestone A decision on the program. (3) M
ILESTONE B DECISIONS .—The chief of the 
relevant military service shall advise the mile-stone decision authority for a major defense ac-quisition program of the chief’s views on cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade-offs that have been made with regard to the program, as provided in section 2366b(b)(3) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 845 of this Act, prior to a Milestone B decision on the program. 
(4) D
UTIES OF CHIEFS .— 
(A) Section 3033(d)(5) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
(B) Section 5033(d)(5) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
(C) Section 5043(e)(5) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
(D) Section 8033(d)(5) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 171’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 171 and 2547’’. 
SEC. 802. EXPANSION OF RAPID ACQUISITION AU-
THORITY. 
Section 806(c) of the Bob Stump National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSE TO COMBAT EMERGENCIES AND  
CERTAIN URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS.— 
‘‘(1) D ETERMINATION OF NEED FOR RAPID AC -
QUISITION AND DEPLOYMENT .—(A) In the case of 
any supplies and associated support services that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense, are urgently needed to eliminate a documented deficiency that has resulted in com-bat casualties, or is likely to result in combat casualties, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accom-plish the rapid acquisition and deployment of the needed supplies and associated support serv-ices. 
‘‘(B) In the case of any supplies and associ-
ated support services that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense, are ur-gently needed to eliminate a documented defi-ciency that impacts an ongoing or anticipated contingency operation and that, if left unfulfilled, could potentially result in loss of life or critical mission failure, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accomplish the rapid acquisition and deployment of the needed supplies and associ-ated support services. 
‘‘(C)(i) In the case of any supplies and associ-
ated support services that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense without del-egation, are urgently needed to eliminate a defi-ciency that as the result of a cyber attack has resulted in critical mission failure, the loss of life, property destruction, or economic effects, or if left unfilled is likely to result in critical mis-sion failure, the loss of life, property destruc-tion, or economic effects, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accomplish the rapid acquisition and deployment of the needed offensive or defensive cyber capabilities, supplies, and associated sup-port services. 
‘‘(ii) In this subparagraph, the term ‘cyber at-
tack’ means a deliberate action to alter, disrupt, deceive, degrade, or destroy computer systems or networks or the information or programs resi-dent in or transiting these systems or networks. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION OF SENIOR OFFICIAL RESPON -
SIBLE .—(A) Whenever the Secretary makes a de-
termination under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1) that certain supplies and asso-ciated support services are urgently needed to eliminate a deficiency described in that sub-paragraph, the Secretary shall designate a sen-ior official of the Department of Defense to en-sure that the needed supplies and associated support services are acquired and deployed as quickly as possible, with a goal of awarding a contract for the acquisition of the supplies and associated support services within 15 days. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4397 June 22, 2015 
‘‘(B) Upon designation of a senior official 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall au-thorize that official to waive any provision of law, policy, directive, or regulation described in subsection (d) that such official determines in writing would unnecessarily impede the rapid acquisition and deployment of the needed sup-plies and associated support services. In a case in which the needed supplies and associated support services cannot be acquired without an extensive delay, the senior official shall require that an interim solution be implemented and de-ployed using the procedures developed under this section to minimize adverse consequences resulting from the urgent need. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—(A) In any fiscal year in 
which the Secretary makes a determination de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of para-graph (1), the Secretary may use any funds available to the Department of Defense for ac-quisitions of supplies and associated support services if the determination includes a written finding that the use of such funds is necessary to address the deficiency in a timely manner. 
‘‘(B) The authority of this section may only be 
used to acquire supplies and associated support services— 
‘‘(i) in the case of determinations by the Sec-
retary under paragraph (1)(A), in an amount aggregating not more than $200,000,000 during any fiscal year; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of determinations by the Sec-
retary under paragraph (1)(B), in an amount aggregating not more than $200,000,000 during any fiscal year; and 
‘‘(iii) in the case of determinations by the Sec-
retary under paragraph (1)(C), in an amount aggregating not more than $200,000,000 during any fiscal year. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE  
COMMITTEES .—(A) In the case of a determina-
tion by the Secretary under paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall notify the congressional de-fense committees of the determination within 15 days after the date of the determination. 
‘‘(B) In the case of a determination by the 
Secretary under paragraph (1)(B) the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense commit-tees of the determination at least 10 days before the date on which the determination is effective. 
‘‘(C) A notice under this paragraph shall in-
clude the following: 
‘‘(i) The supplies and associated support serv-
ices to be acquired. 
‘‘(ii) The amount anticipated to be expended 
for the acquisition. 
‘‘(iii) The source of funds for the acquisition. ‘‘(D) A notice under this paragraph shall be 
sufficient to fulfill any requirement to provide notification to Congress for a new start pro-gram. 
‘‘(E) A notice under this paragraph shall be 
provided in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘‘(5) T
IME FOR TRANSITIONING TO NORMAL AC -
QUISITION SYSTEM .—Any acquisition initiated 
under this subsection shall transition to the nor-mal acquisition system not later than two years after the date on which the Secretary makes the determination described in paragraph (1) with respect to the supplies and associated support services concerned. 
‘‘(6) L
IMITATION ON OFFICERS WITH AUTHORITY  
TO MAKE A DETERMINATION .—The authority to 
make a determination under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1) may be exercised only by the Secretary or Deputy Secretary of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 803. MIDDLE TIER OF ACQUISITION FOR 
RAPID PROTOTYPING AND RAPID FIELDING. 
(a) G UIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, in consultation with the Comptroller of the Department of Defense and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall establish guidance for a ‘‘middle tier’’ of acquisition programs that are intended 
to be completed in a period of two to five years. 
(b) A
CQUISITION PATHWAYS .—The guidance re-
quired by subsection (a) shall cover the fol-lowing two acquisition pathways: 
(1) R
APID PROTOTYPING .—The rapid proto-
typing pathway shall provide for the use of in-novative technologies to rapidly develop fieldable prototypes to demonstrate new capa-bilities and meet emerging military needs. The objective of an acquisition program under this pathway shall be to field a prototype that can be demonstrated in an operational environment and provide for a residual operational capa-bility within five years of the development of an approved requirement. 
(2) R
APID FIELDING .—The rapid fielding path-
way shall provide for the use of proven tech-nologies to field production quantities of new or upgraded systems with minimal development re-quired. The objective of an acquisition program under this pathway shall be to begin production within six months and complete fielding within five years of the development of an approved re-quirement. 
(c) E
XPEDITED PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The guidance required by 
subsection (a) shall provide for a streamlined and coordinated requirements, budget, and ac-quisition process that results in the development of an approved requirement for each program in a period of not more than six months from the time that the process is initiated. Programs that are subject to the guidance shall not be subject to the Joint Capabilities Integration and Devel-opment System Manual and Department of De-fense Directive 5000.01, except to the extent spe-cifically provided in the guidance. 
(2) R
APID PROTOTYPING .—With respect to the 
rapid prototyping pathway, the guidance shall include— 
(A) a merit-based process for the consideration 
of innovative technologies and new capabilities to meet needs communicated by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the combatant commanders; 
(B) a process for developing and implementing 
acquisition and funding strategies for the pro-gram; 
(C) a process for cost-sharing with the mili-
tary departments on rapid prototype projects, to ensure an appropriate commitment to the suc-cess of such projects; 
(D) a process for demonstrating and evalu-
ating the performance of fieldable prototypes de-veloped pursuant to the program in an oper-ational environment; and 
(E) a process for transitioning successful pro-
totypes to new or existing acquisition programs for production and fielding under the rapid fielding pathway or the traditional acquisition system. 
(3) R
APID FIELDING .—With respect to the rapid 
fielding pathway, the guidance shall include— 
(A) a merit-based process for the consideration 
of existing products and proven technologies to meet needs communicated by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the combatant commanders; 
(B) a process for demonstrating performance 
and evaluating for current operational purposes the proposed products and technologies; 
(C) a process for developing and implementing 
acquisition and funding strategies for the pro-gram; and 
(D) a process for considering lifecycle costs 
and addressing issues of logistics support and system interoperability. 
(4) S
TREAMLINED PROCEDURES .—The guidance 
for the programs may provide for any of the fol-lowing streamlined procedures: 
(A) The service acquisition executive of the 
military department concerned shall appoint a program manager for such program from among candidates from among civilian employees or members of the armed forces who have signifi-cant and relevant experience managing large and complex programs. 
(B) The program manager for each program 
shall report with respect to such program di-rectly, without intervening review or approval, 
to the service acquisition executive of the mili-tary department concerned. 
(C) The service acquisition executive of the 
military department concerned shall evaluate the job performance of such manager on an an-nual basis. In conducting an evaluation under this paragraph, a service acquisition executive shall consider the extent to which the manager has achieved the objectives of the program for which the manager is responsible, including quality, timeliness, and cost objectives. 
(D) The program manager of a defense stream-
lined program shall be authorized staff positions for a technical staff, including experts in busi-ness management, contracting, auditing, engi-neering, testing, and logistics, to enable the manager to manage the program without the technical assistance of another organizational unit of an agency to the maximum extent prac-ticable. 
(E) The program manager of a defense stream-
lined program shall be authorized, in coordina-tion with the users of the equipment and capa-bility to be acquired and the test community, to make trade-offs among life-cycle costs, require-ments, and schedules to meet the goals of the program. 
(F) The service acquisition executive, acting 
in coordination with the defense acquisition ex-ecutive, shall serve as the milestone decision au-thority for the program. 
(G) The program manager of a defense stream-
lined program shall be provided a process to ex-peditiously seek a waiver from Congress from any statutory or regulatory requirement that the program manager determines adds little or no value to the management of the program. 
(d) R
APID PROTOTYPING FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish a fund to be known as the ‘‘De-partment of Defense Rapid Prototyping Fund’’ to provide funds, in addition to other funds that may be available for acquisition programs under the rapid prototyping pathway established pur-suant to this section. The Fund shall be man-aged by a senior official of the Department of Defense designated by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics. The Fund shall consist of amounts appro-priated to the Fund and amounts credited to the Fund pursuant to section 849 of this Act. 
(2) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Amounts available 
in the Fund may be transferred to a military de-partment for the purpose of carrying out an ac-quisition program under the rapid prototyping pathway established pursuant to this section. Any amount so transferred shall be credited to the account to which it is transferred. The transfer authority provided in this subsection is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. 
(3) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTICE .—The senior offi-
cial designated to manage the Fund shall notify the congressional defense committees of all transfers under paragraph (2). Each notification shall specify the amount transferred, the pur-pose of the transfer, and the total projected cost and estimated cost to complete the acquisition program to which the funds were transferred. 
SEC. 804. AMENDMENTS TO OTHER TRANSACTION 
AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY OF THE DEFENSE ADVANCED  
RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY TOCARRY OUT 
CERTAIN PROTOTYPE PROJECTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 193 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2371a the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2371b. Authority of the Defense Advanced 
Research Projects Agency to carry out cer-tain prototype projects 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—(1) Subject to paragraph 
(2), the Director of the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency, the Secretary of a mili-tary department, or any other official des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense may, under the authority of section 2371 of this title, carry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4398 June 22, 2015 
out prototype projects that are directly relevant 
to enhancing the mission effectiveness of mili-tary personnel and the supporting platforms, systems, components, or materials proposed to be acquired or developed by the Department of De-fense, or to improvement of platforms, systems, components, or materials in use by the armed forces. 
‘‘(2) The authority of this section— ‘‘(A) may be exercised for a prototype project 
that is expected to cost the Department of De-fense in excess of $50,000,000 but not in excess of $250,000,000 (including all options) only upon a written determination by the senior procurement executive for the agency as designated for the purpose of section 1702(c) of title 41, or, for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency or the Missile Defense Agency, the director of the agency that— 
‘‘(i) the requirements of subsection (d) will be 
met; and 
‘‘(ii) the use of the authority of this section is 
essential to promoting the success of the proto-type project; and 
‘‘(B) may be exercised for a prototype project 
that is expected to cost the Department of De-fense in excess of $250,000,000 (including all op-tions) only if— 
‘‘(i) the Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-
sition, Technology, and Logistics determines in writing that— 
‘‘(I) the requirements of subsection (d) will be 
met; and 
‘‘(II) the use of the authority of this section is 
essential to meet critical national security objec-tives; and 
‘‘(ii) the congressional defense committees are 
notified in writing at least 30 days before such authority is exercised. 
‘‘(3) The authority of a senior procurement ex-
ecutive or director of the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency or Missile Defense Agen-cy under paragraph (2)(A), and the authority of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics under paragraph (2)(B), may not be delegated. 
‘‘(b) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) Subsections (e)(1)(B) and (e)(2) of such 
section 2371 shall not apply to projects carried out under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) To the maximum extent practicable, com-
petitive procedures shall be used when entering into agreements to carry out projects under sub-section (a). 
‘‘(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ACCESS TO IN-
FORMATION .—(1) Each agreement entered into 
by an official referred to in subsection (a) to carry out a project under that subsection that provides for payments in a total amount in ex-cess of $5,000,000 shall include a clause that pro-vides for the Comptroller General, in the discre-tion of the Comptroller General, to examine the records of any party to the agreement or any entity that participates in the performance of the agreement. 
‘‘(2) The requirement in paragraph (1) shall 
not apply with respect to a party or entity, or a subordinate element of a party or entity, that has not entered into any other agreement that provides for audit access by a Government enti-ty in the year prior to the date of the agreement. 
‘‘(3)(A) The right provided to the Comptroller 
General in a clause of an agreement under para-graph (1) is limited as provided in subparagraph (B) in the case of a party to the agreement, an entity that participates in the performance of the agreement, or a subordinate element of that party or entity if the only agreements or other transactions that the party, entity, or subordi-nate element entered into with Government enti-ties in the year prior to the date of that agree-ment are cooperative agreements or transactions that were entered into under this section or sec-tion 2371 of this title. 
‘‘(B) The only records of a party, other entity, 
or subordinate element referred to in subpara-graph (A) that the Comptroller General may ex-amine in the exercise of the right referred to in that subparagraph are records of the same type 
as the records that the Government has had the right to examine under the audit access clauses of the previous agreements or transactions re-ferred to in such subparagraph that were en-tered into by that particular party, entity, or subordinate element. 
‘‘(4) The head of the contracting activity that 
is carrying out the agreement may waive the ap-plicability of the requirement in paragraph (1) to the agreement if the head of the contracting activity determines that it would not be in the public interest to apply the requirement to the agreement. The waiver shall be effective with re-spect to the agreement only if the head of the contracting activity transmits a notification of the waiver to Congress and the Comptroller General before entering into the agreement. The notification shall include the rationale for the determination. 
‘‘(5) The Comptroller General may not exam-
ine records pursuant to a clause included in an agreement under paragraph (1) more than three 
years after the final payment is made by the United States under the agreement. 
‘‘(d) A
PPROPRIATE USE OF AUTHORITY .—(1) 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that no official of an agency enters into a transaction (other than a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement) for a prototype project under the au-thority of this section unless one of following conditions is met: 
‘‘(A) There is at least one nontraditional de-
fense contractor participating to a significant extent in the prototype project. 
‘‘(B) All parties to the transaction other than 
the Federal Government are innovative small businesses and non-traditional contractors with unique capabilities relevant to the prototype project. 
‘‘(C) At least one third of the total cost of the 
prototype project is to be paid out of funds pro-vided by parties to the transaction other than the Federal Government. 
‘‘(D) The senior procurement executive for the 
agency determines in writing that exceptional circumstances justify the use of a transaction that provides for innovative business arrange-ments or structures that would not be feasible or appropriate under a contract. 
‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph 
(B), the amounts counted for the purposes of this subsection as being provided, or to be pro-vided, by a party to a transaction with respect to a prototype project that is entered into under this section other than the Federal Government do not include costs that were incurred before the date on which the transaction becomes ef-fective. 
‘‘(B) Costs that were incurred for a prototype 
project by a party after the beginning of nego-tiations resulting in a transaction (other than a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement) with respect to the project before the date on which the transaction becomes effective may be count-ed for purposes of this subsection as being pro-vided, or to be provided, by the party to the transaction if and to the extent that the official responsible for entering into the transaction de-termines in writing that— 
‘‘(i) the party incurred the costs in anticipa-
tion of entering into the transaction; and 
‘‘(ii) it was appropriate for the party to incur 
the costs before the transaction became effective in order to ensure the successful implementation of the transaction. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘nontraditional defense con-
tractor’ has the meaning given the term under section 2302(9) of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘small business’ means a small 
business concern as defined under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
‘‘(f) F
OLLOW -ONPRODUCTION CONTRACTS OR  
TRANSACTIONS .—(1) A transaction entered into 
under this section for a prototype project may provide for the award of a follow-on production contract or transactions to the participants in the transaction. ‘‘(2) A follow-on production contract or trans-
action provided for in a transaction under para-graph (1) may be awarded to the participants in the transaction without the use of competitive procedures, notwithstanding the requirements of section 2304 of this title, if— 
‘‘(A) competitive procedures were used for the 
selection of parties for participation in the transaction; and 
‘‘(B) the participants in the transaction suc-
cessfully completed the prototype project pro-vided for in the transaction. 
‘‘(3) Contracts and transactions entered into 
pursuant to this subsection may be awarded using the authority in subsection (a), under the authority of chapter 137 of this title, or under such procedures, terms, and conditions as the Secretary of Defense may establish by regula-tion. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORITY TOPROVIDE PROTOTYPES AND  
FOLLOW -ONPRODUCTION ITEMS AS GOVERNMENT  
FURNISHED EQUIPMENT .—An agreement entered 
pursuant to the authority of subsection (a) or a follow-on contract entered pursuant to the au-thority of subsection (f) may provide for proto-types or follow-on production items to be pro-vided to another contractor as government-fur-nished equipment. 
‘‘(h) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROCUREMENT ETHICS  
REQUIREMENTS .—An agreement entered into 
under the authority of this section shall be treated as a Federal agency procurement for the purposes of chapter 21 of title 41.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2371a the following new item: 
‘‘2371b. Authority of the Defense Advanced Re-
search Projects Agency to carry out certain prototype projects.’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION TO DEFINITION OF NON-TRA-
DITIONAL CONTRACTOR .—Section 2302(9) of such 
title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(9) The term ‘nontraditional defense con-
tractor’, with respect to a procurement or with respect to a transaction authorized under sec-tion 2371(a) of this title, means an entity that— 
‘‘(A) is not currently performing and has not 
performed, for at least the one-year period pre-ceding the solicitation of sources by the Depart-ment of Defense for the procurement or trans-action, any contract or subcontract that is sub-ject to full coverage under the cost accounting standards prescribed pursuant to 1502 of title 41 and the regulations implementing such section; and 
‘‘(B) has not been awarded, for at least the 
one-year period preceding the solicitation of sources by the Department of Defense for the procurement or transaction, any other contract under which the contractor was required to sub-mit certified cost or pricing data under section 2306a of this title.’’. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Section 
845 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2371 note) is hereby repealed. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 1601(c)(1) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2370a note) is amended by restating subparagraph (B) to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) sections 2371 and 2371b of title 10, United 
States Code.’’. 
SEC. 805. USE OF ALTERNATIVE ACQUISITION 
PATHS TO ACQUIRE CRITICAL NA-TIONAL SECURITY CAPABILITIES. 
(a) G UIDELINES .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall establish procedures and guidelines for al-ternative acquisition pathways to acquire cap-ital assets and services that meet critical na-tional security needs. The guidelines shall— 
(1) be separate from existing acquisition proce-
dures and guidelines; 
(2) be supported by streamlined contracting, 
budgeting, and requirements processes; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4399 June 22, 2015 
(3) establish alternative acquisition paths 
based on the capabilities being bought and the time needed to deploy these capabilities; and 
(4) maximize the use of flexible authorities in 
existing law and regulation. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report that includes a sum-mary of the guidelines established under sub-section (a) and recommendations for any legisla-tion necessary to meet the objectives set forth in subsection (a) and to implement the guidelines established under such subsection. 
SEC. 806. SECRETARY OF DEFENSE WAIVER OF 
ACQUISITION LAWS TO ACQUIRE VITAL NATIONAL SECURITY CAPA-BILITIES. 
(a) W AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of De-
fense is authorized to waive any provision of ac-quisition law or regulation described in sub-section (c) for the purpose of acquiring a capa-bility that would not otherwise be available to 
the Armed Forces of the United States, upon a determination that— 
(1) the acquisition of the capability is in the 
vital national security interest of the United States; 
(2) the application of the law or regulation to 
be waived would impede the acquisition of the capability in a manner that would undermine the national security of the United States; and 
(3) the underlying purpose of the law or regu-
lation to be waived can be addressed in a dif-ferent manner or at a different time. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION OF RESPONSIBLE OFFICIAL .— 
Whenever the Secretary of Defense makes a de-termination under subsection (a)(1) that the ac-quisition of a capability is in the vital national security interest of the United States, the Sec-retary shall designate a senior official of the De-partment of Defense who shall be personally re-sponsible and accountable for the rapid and ef-fective acquisition and deployment of the need-ed capability. The Secretary shall provide the designated official such authority as the Sec-retary determines necessary to achieve this ob-jective, and may use the waiver authority in subsection (a) for this purpose. 
(c) A
CQUISITION LAWS AND REGULATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Upon a determination de-
scribed in subsection (a), the Secretary of De-fense is authorized to waive any provision of law or regulation addressing— 
(A) the establishment of a requirement or 
specification for the capability to be acquired; 
(B) research, development, test, and evalua-
tion of the capability to be acquired; 
(C) production, fielding, and sustainment of 
the capability to be acquired; or 
(D) solicitation, selection of sources, and 
award of contracts for the capability to be ac-quired. 
(2) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this subsection 
authorizes the waiver of— 
(A) the requirements of this section; (B) any provision of law imposing civil or 
criminal penalties; or 
(C) any provision of law governing the proper 
expenditure of appropriated funds. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees at least 30 days before exercising the waiver authority under subsection (a). Each such notice shall include— 
(1) an explanation of the basis for determining 
that the acquisition of the capability is in the vital national security interest of the United States; 
(2) an identification of each provision of law 
or regulation to be waived; and 
(3) for each provision identified pursuant to 
paragraph (2)— 
(A) an explanation of why the application of 
the provision would impede the acquisition in a manner that would undermine the national se-curity of the United States; and 
(B) a description of the time or manner in 
which the underlying purpose of the law or reg-ulation to be waived will be addressed. (e) N
ON-DELEGATION .—The authority of the 
Secretary to waive provisions of laws and regu-lations under subsection (a) is non-delegable. 
SEC. 807. ACQUISITION AUTHORITY OF THE COM-
MANDER OF UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commander of the 
United States Cyber Command shall be respon-sible for, and shall have the authority to con-duct, the following acquisition activities: 
(A) Development and acquisition of cyber op-
erations-peculiar equipment and capabilities. 
(B) Acquisition of cyber capability-peculiar 
equipment, capabilities, and services. 
(2) A
CQUISITION FUNCTIONS .—Subject to the 
authority, direction, and control of the Sec-retary of Defense, the Commander shall have authority to exercise the functions of the head of an agency under chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code. 
(b) C
OMMAND ACQUISITION EXECUTIVE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The staff of the Commander 
shall include a command acquisition executive, who shall be responsible for the overall super-vision of acquisition matters for the United States Cyber Command. The command acquisi-tion executive shall have the authority— 
(A) to negotiate memoranda of agreement with 
the military departments to carry out the acqui-sition of equipment, capabilities, and services described in subsection (a)(1) on behalf of the Command; 
(B) to supervise the acquisition of equipment, 
capabilities, and services described in subsection (a)(1); 
(C) to represent the Command in discussions 
with the military departments regarding acquisi-tion programs for which the Command is a cus-tomer; and 
(D) to work with the military departments to 
ensure that the Command is appropriately rep-resented in any joint working group or inte-grated product team regarding acquisition pro-grams for which the Command is a customer. 
(2) D
ELIVERY OF ACQUISITION SOLUTIONS .— 
The command acquisition executive of the United States Cyber Command shall be— 
(A) responsible to the Commander for rapidly 
delivering acquisition solutions to meet vali-dated cyber operations-peculiar requirements; 
(B) subordinate to the defense acquisition ex-
ecutive in matters of acquisition; 
(C) subject to the same oversight as the service 
acquisition executives; and 
(D) included on the distribution list for acqui-
sition directives and instructions of the Depart-ment of Defense. 
(c) A
CQUISITION PERSONNEL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide the United States Cyber Command with the personnel or funding equivalent to ten full-time equivalent personnel to support the Commander in fulfilling the acquisition respon-sibilities provided for under this section with ex-perience in— 
(A) program acquisition; (B) the Joint Capabilities Integration and De-
velopment System Process; 
(C) program management; (D) system engineering; and (E) costing. (2) E
XISTING PERSONNEL .—The personnel pro-
vided under this subsection shall be provided from among the existing personnel of the De-partment of Defense. 
(d) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL ACTIVITIES .—The 
staff of the Commander of the United States Cyber Command shall on a periodic basis in-clude a representative from the Department of Defense Office of Inspector General who shall conduct internal audits and inspections of pur-chasing and contracting actions through the United States Cyber Command and such other Inspector General functions as may be assigned. 
(e) B
UDGET .—In addition to the activities of a 
combatant command for which funding may be requested under section 166(b) of title 10, United States Code, the budget proposal of the United 
States Cyber Command shall include requests for funding for— 
(1) development and acquisition of cyber oper-
ations-peculiar equipment; and 
(2) acquisition of other capabilities or services 
that are peculiar to offensive cyber operations activities. 
(f) C
YBER OPERATIONS PROCUREMENT FUND.— 
There is authorized to be appropriated for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, out of funds made available for procurement, Defense-wide, $75,000,000 for a Cyber Operations Procurement Fund to support acquisition activities provided for under this section. 
(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING INTEL-
LIGENCE AND SPECIAL ACTIVITIES .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to constitute au-thority to conduct any activity which, if carried out as an intelligence activity by the Depart-ment of Defense, would require a notice to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives under title V of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.). 
(h) S
UNSET .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority under this 
section shall terminate on September 30, 2021. 
(2) L IMITATION ON DURATION OF ACQUISI -
TIONS .—The authority under this section does 
not include major defense acquisitions or acqui-sitions of foundational infrastructure or soft-ware architectures the duration of which is ex-pected to last more than five years. 
SEC. 808. ADVISORY PANEL ON STREAMLINING 
AND CODIFYING ACQUISITION REGU-LATIONS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish under the sponsorship of the Defense Acquisition Univer-sity and the National Defense University an ad-visory panel on streamlining acquisition regula-tions. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The panel shall be com-
posed of at least nine individuals who are recog-nized experts in acquisition and procurement policy. In making appointments to the advisory panel, the Under Secretary shall ensure that the members of the panel reflect diverse experiences in the public and private sectors. 
(c) D
UTIES .—The panel shall— 
(1) review the acquisition regulations applica-
ble to the Department of Defense with a view to-ward streamlining and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the defense acquisition process and maintaining defense technology ad-vantage; and 
(2) make any recommendations for the amend-
ment or repeal of such regulations that the panel considers necessary, as a result of such re-view, to— 
(A) establish and administer appropriate 
buyer and seller relationships in the procure-ment system; 
(B) improve the functioning of the acquisition 
system; 
(C) ensure the continuing financial and eth-
ical integrity of defense procurement programs; 
(D) protect the best interests of the Depart-
ment of Defense; and 
(E) eliminate any regulations that are unnec-
essary for the purposes described in subpara-graphs (A) through (D). 
(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide the advisory panel established pursuant to subsection (a) with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, and analysis so that the advisory panel may conduct a thorough and independent assessment as re-quired under such subsection. 
(2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF FACA .—The require-
ments of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the advisory panel established pursuant to subsection (a). 
(e) R
EPORT .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4400 June 22, 2015 
(1) P ANEL REPORT .—Not later than two years 
after the date on which the Secretary of Defense establishes the advisory panel, the panel shall transmit a final report to the Secretary. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The final report shall contain 
a detailed statement of the findings and conclu-sions of the panel, including— 
(A) a history of each current acquisition regu-
lation and a recommendation as to whether the regulation and related law (if applicable) should be retained, modified, or repealed; and 
(B) such additional recommendations for leg-
islation as the panel considers appropriate. 
(3) I
NTERIM REPORTS .—(A) Not later than 6 
months and 18 months after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to or brief the congres-sional defense committees on the interim find-ings of the panel with respect to the elements set forth in paragraph (2). 
(B) The panel shall provide regular updates to 
the Secretary of Defense for purposes of pro-viding the interim reports required under this paragraph. 
(4) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 30 days 
after receiving the final report of the advisory panel, the Secretary of Defense shall transmit the final report, together with such comments as the Secretary determines appropriate, to the congressional defense committees. 
(f) D
EFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVEL-
OPMENT FUNDSUPPORT .—The Secretary of De-
fense may use amounts available in the Depart-ment of Defense Acquisition Workforce Develop-ment Fund established under section 1705 of title 10, United States Code, to support activities of the advisory panel under this section. 
SEC. 809. REVIEW OF TIME-BASED REQUIRE-
MENTS PROCESS AND BUDGETING AND ACQUISITION SYSTEMS. 
(a) T IME-BASED REQUIREMENTS PROCESS .—The 
Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall review the require-ments process with the goal of establishing an agile and streamlined system that develops re-quirements that provide stability and foundational direction for acquisition programs. The requirements system should be informed by technological market research and provide a time-based or phased distinction between capa-bilities needed to be deployed urgently, within 2 years, within 5 years, and longer than 5 years. 
(b) B
UDGETING AND ACQUISITION SYSTEMS .— 
The Secretary of Defense shall review and en-sure that the acquisition and budgeting systems are structured to meet time-based or phased re-quirements in a manner that is predictable, cost effective, and efficient and takes advantage of emerging technological developments. The Sec-retary shall make all necessary changes in regu-lation and policy to achieve a time-based re-quirements, budgeting, and acquisition system and shall identify and report to Congress within 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act on any statutory impediments to achieving such a system. 
SEC. 810. IMPROVEMENT OF PROGRAM AND 
PROJECT MANAGEMENT BY THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) D EPARTMENT -WIDE RESPONSIBILITIES OF  
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .—In fulfilling the re-
sponsibilities under chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall— 
(1) develop Department-wide standards, poli-
cies, and guidelines for program and project management for the Department of Defense based on appropriate and applicable nationally accredited standards for program and project management; 
(2) develop polices to monitor compliance with 
the standards, policies, and guidelines devel-oped under paragraph (1); and 
(3) engage with the private sector on matters 
relating to program and project management for the Department. 
(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF USD (ATL).—In ful-
filling the responsibilities under chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code, for the military de-partments and the Defense Agencies, the Under 
Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics shall— 
(1) advise and assist Secretary of Defense with 
respect Department of Defense practices related to program and project management; 
(2) review programs identified as high-risk in 
program and project management by the Gov-ernment Accountability Office, and make rec-ommendations for actions to be taken by the Secretary to mitigate such risks; 
(3) assess matters of importance to the work-
force in program and project management, in-cluding— 
(A) career development and workforce devel-
opment; 
(B) policies to support continuous improve-
ment in program and project management; and 
(C) major challenges of the Department in 
managing programs and projects; and 
(4) advise on the development and applica-
bility of standards Department-wide for pro-gram and project management transparency. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF ACQUISITION EXECU -
TIVES .—In fulfilling the responsibilities under 
chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code, for the military departments, the service acquisition ex-ecutives (in consultation with the Chiefs of the Armed Forces with respect to military program managers), and the component acquisition ex-ecutives for the Defense Agencies, shall— 
(1) ensure the compliance of the department or 
Agency concerned with standards, policies, and guidelines for program and project management for the Department of Defense developed by the Secretary of Defense under subsection (a)(1); and 
(2) ensure the effective career development of 
program managers through— 
(A) training and educational opportunities for 
program managers, including exchange pro-grams with the private sector; 
(B) mentoring of current and future program 
managers by experienced public and private sec-tor senior executives and program managers; 
(C) continued refinement of career paths and 
career opportunities for program managers; 
(D) incentives for the recruitment of highly 
qualified individuals to serve as program man-agers; 
(E) improved means of collecting and dissemi-
nating best practices and lessons learned to en-hance program management; and 
(F) improved methods to support improved 
data gathering and analysis for program man-agement and oversight purposes. 
(d) D
EADLINE FOR STANDARDS , POLICIES , AND 
GUIDELINES .—Not later than one year after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue the standards, policies, and guidelines required by subsection (a)(1). The Secretary shall provide Congress an interim update on the progress made in implementing this section not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-
tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limi-tations 
SEC. 821. PREFERENCE FOR FIXED-PRICE CON-
TRACTS IN DETERMINING CON-TRACT TYPE FOR DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF PREFERENCE .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Defense Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation Supplement shall be revised to establish a preference for fixed-price contracts, including fixed-price incentive fee contracts, in the determination of contract type for develop-ment programs. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING CHANGES .— 
Section 818(c) of the John Warner National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2329) is amend-ed— 
(1) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or 
major automated information system’’ after ‘‘major defense acquisition program’’; and (2) by striking the second sentence. 
SEC. 822. APPLICABILITY OF COST AND PRICING 
DATA AND CERTIFICATION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
Section 2306a(b)(1) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) to the extent such data relates to an off-
set agreement in connection with a contract for the sale of a weapon system or defense-related item to a foreign country or foreign firm.’’. 
SEC. 823. RISK-BASED CONTRACTING FOR SMALL-
ER CONTRACT ACTIONS UNDER THE TRUTH IN NEGOTIATIONS ACT. 
(a) I NCREASE IN THRESHOLDS .—Subsection (a) 
of section 2306a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘December 5, 1990’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘January 15, 2016’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘$750,000’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 
1994 constant dollar value’’ and inserting ‘‘fis-cal year 2016 constant dollar value’’. 
(b) R
ISK-BASED CONTRACTING .—Subsection (c) 
of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) C OST OR PRICING DATA ON BELOW - 
THRESHOLD CONTRACTS .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY TO REQUIRE SUBMISSION .— 
Subject to paragraph (4), when certified cost or pricing data are not required to be submitted by subsection (a) for a contract, subcontract, or modification of a contract or subcontract, such data may nevertheless be required to be sub-mitted by the head of the procuring activity, if the head of the procuring activity— 
‘‘(A) determines that such data are necessary 
for the evaluation by the agency of the reason-ableness of the price of the contract, sub-contract, or modification of a contract or sub-contract; or 
‘‘(B) requires the submission of such data in 
accordance with a risk-based contracting ap-proach established pursuant to paragraph (3). 
‘‘(2) W
RITTEN DETERMINATION REQUIRED .—In 
any case in which the head of the procuring ac-tivity requires certified cost or pricing data to be submitted under paragraph (1)(A), the head of the procuring activity shall justify in writing the reason for such requirement. 
‘‘(3) R
ISK-BASED CONTRACTING .—The head of 
an agency shall establish a risk-based sampling approach under which the submission of cer-tified cost or pricing data may be required for a risk-based sample of contracts, the price of which is expected to exceed the dollar amount in subsection (a)(1)(A)(ii), but not the amount in subsection (a)(1)(A)(i). The authority to require certified cost or pricing data under this para-graph shall not apply to any contract of an of-feror that has not been awarded, for at least the one-year period preceding the issuance of a so-licitation for the contract, any other contract in excess of the amount in subsection (a)(1)(A)(i) under which the offeror was required to submit certified cost or pricing data under this section. 
‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION .—The head of the procuring 
activity may not require certified cost or pricing data to be submitted under this subsection for any contract or subcontract, or modification of a contract or subcontract, covered by the excep-tions in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(5) D
ELEGATION OF AUTHORITY PROHIB -
ITED.—The head of a procuring activity may not 
delegate functions under this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 824. LIMITATION ON USE OF REVERSE AUC-
TION AND LOWEST PRICE TECH-NICALLY ACCEPTABLE CON-TRACTING METHODS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4401 June 22, 2015 
Regulation and the Defense Supplement to the 
Federal Acquisition Regulation shall be amend-ed— 
(1) to prohibit the use by the Department of 
Defense of reverse auction or lowest price tech-nically acceptable contracting methods for the procurement of personal protective equipment where the level of quality or failure of the item could result in combat casualties; and 
(2) to establish a preference for the use of best 
value contracting methods for the procurement of such equipment. 
SEC. 825. RIGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA. 
(a) R IGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATARELATING TO  
MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS .—Paragraph (2) of sec-
tion 2321(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) In the case of a challenge to a use or re-
lease restriction that is asserted with respect to technical data of a contractor or subcontractor for a major system or a subsystem or component thereof on the basis that the major weapon sys-tem, subsystem, or component was developed ex-clusively at private expense— 
‘‘(A) the presumption in paragraph (1) shall 
apply— 
‘‘(i) with regard to a commercial subsystem or 
component of a major system, if the major sys-tem was acquired as a commercial item in ac-cordance with section 2379(a) of this title; 
‘‘(ii) with regard to a component of a sub-
system, if the subsystem was acquired as a com-mercial item in accordance with section 2379(b) of this title; and 
‘‘(iii) with regard to any other component, if 
the component is a commercially available off- the-shelf item or a commercially available off- the-shelf item with modifications of a type cus-tomarily available in the commercial market-place or minor modifications made to meet Fed-eral Government requirements; and 
‘‘(B) in all other cases, the challenge to the 
use or release restriction shall be sustained un-less information provided by the contractor or subcontractor demonstrates that the item was developed exclusively at private expense.’’. 
(b) G
OVERNMENT -INDUSTRY ADVISORY  
PANEL.— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, shall establish a govern-ment-industry advisory panel for the purpose of reviewing sections 2320 and 2321 of title 10, United States Code, regarding rights in tech-nical data and the validation of proprietary data restrictions and the regulations imple-menting such sections, for the purpose of ensur-ing that such statutory and regulatory require-ments are best structured to serve the interests of the taxpayers and the national defense. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The panel shall be chaired 
by an individual selected by the Under Sec-retary, and the Under Secretary shall ensure that— 
(A) the government members of the advisory 
panel are knowledgeable about technical data issues and appropriately represent the three military departments, as well as the legal, ac-quisition, logistics, and research and develop-ment communities in the Department of Defense; and 
(B) the private sector members of the advisory 
panel include independent experts and individ-uals appropriately representative of the diver-sity of interested parties, including large and small businesses, traditional and non-tradi-tional government contractors, prime contrac-tors and subcontractors, suppliers of hardware and software, and institutions of higher edu-cation. 
(3) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—In conducting the re-
view required by paragraph (1), the advisory panel shall give appropriate consideration to the following factors: 
(A) Ensuring that the Department of Defense 
does not pay more than once for the same work. (B) Ensuring that Department of Defense con-
tractors are appropriately rewarded for their in-novation and invention. 
(C) Providing for cost-effective reprocurement, 
sustainment, modification, and upgrades to De-partment of Defense systems. 
(D) Encouraging the private sector to invest in 
new products, technologies, and processes rel-evant to the missions of the Department of De-fense. 
(E) Ensuring that the Department of Defense 
has appropriate access to innovative products, technologies, and processes developed by the private sector for commercial use. 
(4) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than September 
30, 2016, the advisory panel shall submit its final report and recommendations to the Secretary of Defense. Not later than 60 days after receiving the report, the Secretary shall submit a copy of the report, together with any comments or rec-ommendations, to the congressional defense committees. 
SEC. 826. PROCUREMENT OF SUPPLIES FOR EX-
PERIMENTAL PURPOSES. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY .— 
Subsection (a) of section 2373 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘transpor-tation, energy, medical, space-flight,’’ before ‘‘and aeronautical supplies’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CHAPTER 137 OFTITLE 
10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Subsection (b) of 
such section is amended by striking ‘‘only when such purchases are made in quantity’’ and in-serting ‘‘only when such purchases are made in quantities greater than necessary for experimen-tation, technical evaluation, assessment of oper-ational utility, or safety or to provide a residual operational capability’’. 
SEC. 827. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO ACQUIRE 
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRO-DUCED IN COUNTRIES ALONG A MAJOR ROUTE OF SUPPLY TO AF-GHANISTAN. 
Section 801(f) of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2399), as most recently amended by section 832(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 814), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2016’’. 
SEC. 828. REPORTING RELATED TO FAILURE OF 
CONTRACTORS TO MEET GOALS UNDER NEGOTIATED COMPREHEN-SIVE SMALL BUSINESS SUBCON-TRACTING PLANS. 
Paragraph (2) of section 834(d) of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 1990 and 1991 (15 U.S.C. 637 note), as added by sec-tion 821(d)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3434) is amended by striking ‘‘may not negotiate’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘shall report to Congress on any negotiated comprehensive sub-contracting plan that the Secretary determines did not meet the subcontracting goals negotiated in the plan for the prior fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 829. COMPETITION FOR RELIGIOUS SERV-
ICES CONTRACTS. 
The Department of Defense may not preclude 
a non-profit organization from competing for a contract for religious related services on a United States military installation. 
SEC. 830. TREATMENT OF INTERAGENCY AND 
STATE AND LOCAL PURCHASES WHEN THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE ACTS AS CONTRACT INTER-MEDIARY FOR THE GENERAL SERV-ICES ADMINISTRATION. 
Contracts executed by the Department of De-
fense as a result of the transfer of contracts from the General Services Administration or for which the Department serves as an item man-ager for products on behalf of the General Serv-ices Administration shall not be subject to re-quirements under chapter 148 of title 10, United States Code, to the extent such contracts are for 
purchases of products by other Federal agencies or State or local governments. 
SEC. 831. PILOT PROGRAM FOR STREAMLINING 
AWARDS FOR INNOVATIVE TECH-NOLOGY PROJECTS. 
(a) E XCEPTION FROM CERTIFIED COST AND  
PRICING DATE REQUIREMENTS .—The require-
ments under section 2306a(a) of title 10, United States Code, shall not apply to a contract, sub-contract, or modification of a contract or sub-contract valued at less than $7,500,000 awarded to a small business or non-traditional defense contractor pursuant to— 
(1) a technical merit based selection proce-
dure, such as a broad agency announcement; or 
(2) the Small Business Innovation Research 
Program, 
unless the head of the agency determines that 
submission of cost and pricing data should be required based on past performance of the spe-cific small business or non-traditional defense contractor, or based on analysis of other infor-mation specific to the award. 
(b) E
XCEPTION FROM RECORDS EXAMINATION  
REQUIREMENT .—The requirements under section 
2313 of title 10, United States Code, shall not apply to a contract valued at less than $7,500,000 awarded to a small business or non- traditional defense contractor pursuant to— 
(1) a technical merit based selection proce-
dure, such as a broad agency announcement; or 
(2) the Small Business Innovation Research 
Program, 
unless the head of the agency determines that 
auditing of records should be required based on past performance of the specific small business or non-traditional defense contractor, or based on analysis of other information specific to the award. 
(c) S
UNSET .—The exceptions under subsections 
(a) and (b) shall terminate on October 1, 2020. 
Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major 
Defense Acquisition Programs 
SEC. 841. ACQUISITION STRATEGY REQUIRED FOR 
EACH MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM. 
(a) C ONSOLIDATION OF REQUIREMENTS RELAT-
ING TO ACQUISITION STRATEGY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 144 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2431 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2431a. Acquisition strategy 
‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENT .—(1) There shall be an ac-
quisition strategy for each major defense acqui-sition program. The acquisition strategy, which includes a sustainment strategy, for a major de-fense acquisition program shall be reviewed by the milestone decision authority for the program at each time specified in paragraph (2). The milestone decision authority may approve, dis-approve, or revise the acquisition strategy at any such time. 
‘‘(2) The times at which the acquisition strat-
egy for a major defense acquisition program shall be reviewed by the milestone decision au-thority for the program under paragraph (1) are the following: 
‘‘(A) Program initiation. ‘‘(B) Each subsequent milestone. ‘‘(C) Full-Rate Production Decision Review. ‘‘(D) Any other time considered relevant by 
the milestone decision authority. 
‘‘(b) G
UIDANCE .—The Under Secretary of De-
fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall issue policies and procedures governing the contents of, and the review and approval process for, the acquisition strategy for a major defense acquisition program. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS .—The acquisition strategy for 
a major defense acquisition program shall present a top-level description of the business and technical management approach designed to achieve the objectives of the program within the resource constraints imposed. The strategy shall be tailored to address program require-ments and constraints, and shall express the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4402 June 22, 2015 
program manager’s approach to the program in 
sufficient detail to allow the milestone decision authority to assess the viability of approach, method of implementation of laws and policies, and program objectives. Subject to guidance issued pursuant to subsection (b), each acquisi-tion strategy shall address the following: 
‘‘(1) An acquisition approach, including in-
dustrial base considerations in accordance with section 2440 of this title, and consideration of al-ternative acquisition approaches. 
‘‘(2) A risk management strategy, addressing 
cost, schedule, and technical risk. 
‘‘(3) An approach to ensuring the maturity of 
technologies and avoiding unnecessary or exces-sive concurrency. 
‘‘(4) A strategy for dividing the acquisition 
into increments or spirals, and continuously adopting commercial and defense technologies, where appropriate. 
‘‘(5) A business strategy, including measures 
to ensure continuing competition in through the life of the acquisition program. 
‘‘(6) A contracting strategy addressing the se-
lection of sources, contract types, and small business participation. 
‘‘(7) An intellectual property strategy, in ac-
cordance with section 2320 of this title. 
‘‘(8) An approach to international involve-
ment, including foreign military sales and coop-erative opportunities, in accordance with sec-tion 2350a of this title. 
‘‘(9) A sustainment strategy which includes all 
aspects of the total life cycle management of the weapon system, including product support, lo-gistics, product support engineering, supply chain integration, maintenance, acquisition lo-gistics, and all aspects of software sustainment. 
‘‘(d) I
NDEPENDENT COSTESTIMATE .—The Di-
rector of Cost Analysis and Program Evaluation shall perform an evaluation of the sustainment portion of the acquisition strategy required by subsection (c)(9) prior to the Milestone B deci-sion. 
‘‘(e) In this section, the term ‘milestone deci-
sion authority’, with respect to a major defense acquisition program, means the official within the Department of Defense designated with the overall responsibility and authority for acquisi-tion decisions for the program, including au-thority to approve entry of the program into the next phase of the acquisition process.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2431 the following new item: 
‘‘2431a. Acquisition strategy.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 2350a(e) of such title is amended— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘D
OCUMENT ’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Under 
Secretary of Defense for’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘opportu-nities for such cooperative research and devel-opment shall be addressed in the acquisition strategy for the project’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘document’’ and inserting ‘‘dis-
cussion’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘include’’ and inserting ‘‘con-
sider’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘A state-
ment indicating whether’’ and inserting ‘‘Whether’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘by the Under Secretary of De-
fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘of the United States under 
consideration by the Department of Defense’’; and 
(iv) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘A’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘of the Under Secretary’’ and 
inserting ‘‘to the milestone decision authority’’. (2) Section 803 of the Bob Stump National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is re-pealed. 
SEC. 842. RISK REDUCTION IN MAJOR DEFENSE 
ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) G UIDANCE ON RISKREDUCTION IN MAJOR 
DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall ensure that the acquisi-tion strategy developed pursuant to section 2431a of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 841, for each major defense acquisi-tion program for which development activities are required includes the following elements: 
(1) A comprehensive approach to continuously 
identifying and addressing risk (including tech-nical, cost, and schedule risk) beginning at pro-gram initiation and continuing until the start of full rate production as a means to improve pro-grammatic decision making and appropriately minimize and manage program concurrency. 
(2) Documentation of the major sources of risk 
identified and the approach to retiring that risk. 
(b) E
LEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE APPROACH  
TORISKREDUCTION .—The comprehensive ap-
proach to identifying and addressing risk for purposes of subsection (a)(1) shall include some combination of the following elements as appro-priate for the item or system being acquired: 
(1) Development planning. (2) Systems engineering. (3) Integrated developmental and operational 
testing. 
(4) Preliminary and critical design reviews 
and technical reviews. 
(5) Prototyping (including prototyping at the 
system or subsystem level and competitive proto-typing, where appropriate). 
(6) Modeling and simulation. (7) Technology demonstrations and tech-
nology off ramps. 
(8) Manufacturability and industrial base 
availability. 
(9) Multiple design approaches. (10) Alternative, lower risk reduced perform-
ance designs. 
(11) Schedule and funding margins for or spe-
cific risks. 
(12) Independent risk element assessments by 
outside subject matter experts. 
(13) Program phasing to address high risk 
areas as early as possible. 
(c) P
REFERENCE FOR PROTOTYPING .—To the 
maximum extent practicable and consistent with the economical use of available financial re-sources, the milestone decision authority for each major defense acquisition program shall ensure that the acquisition strategy for the pro-gram provides for— 
(1) the production of competitive prototypes at 
the system or subsystem level before Milestone B approval; or 
(2) if the production of competitive prototypes 
is not practicable, the production of single pro-totypes at the system or subsystem level. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF MANDATORY PROTOTYPING  
PROVISION .—Section 203 of the Weapon Systems 
Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 (Public Law 111– 23; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 843. DESIGNATION OF MILESTONE DECISION 
AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2430 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d)(1) The milestone decision authority for 
major defense acquisition programs shall be the service acquisition executive of the military serv-ice that is managing the program, unless the Secretary of Defense designates another official to serve as the milestone decision authority. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense may designate 
an alternate milestone decision authority in pro-grams where— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that the pro-
gram is addressing a joint requirement; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that the pro-
gram is best managed by a defense agency; ‘‘(C) the program has incurred a unit cost in-
crease greater than the significant cost thresh-old or critical cost threshold under section 2433 of this title; 
‘‘(D) the program has failed to develop an ac-
quisition program baseline within 2 years of pro-gram initiation; 
‘‘(E) the program is critical to a major inter-
agency requirement or technology development effort, or has significant international partner involvement; or 
‘‘(F) the Secretary certifies that an alternate 
official serving as the milestone decision author-ity will best position the program to achieve de-sired cost, schedule, and performance outcomes. 
‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary of Defense may redele-
gate the position of milestone decision authority for a program designated above upon request of the Secretary of the military department con-cerned. A decision on redelegation must be made within 180 days of the request of the Secretary of the military department concerned. 
‘‘(B) If the Secretary of Defense denies the re-
quest for redelegation, the Secretary shall cer-tify to the congressional defense committees that an alternate official serving as milestone deci-sion authority will best position the program to achieve desired cost, schedule, and performance outcomes. No such redelegation is authorized after a program has incurred a unit cost in-crease greater than the significant cost thresh-old or critical cost threshold under section 2433 of this title, except for exceptional cir-cumstances. 
‘‘(4) For major defense acquisition programs 
where the service acquisition executive of the military service that is managing the program is the milestone decision authority— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that no documentation is required outside of the military service organization, without a deter-mination by the Deputy Chief Management Of-ficer that the documentation supports a specific statutory requirement and is implemented in a manner that will not result in program delays or increased costs, and no acquisition pro-grammatic approvals shall be required outside of the military service organization, with the ex-ception of approval of the Director of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation of the Test and Evaluation Master Plan; and 
‘‘(B) the Secretary of the military department 
concerned and the chief of the Armed Force con-
cerned shall, in each Selected Acquisition Re-port required under section 2432 of this title, cer-tify that program requirements are stable and funding is adequate to meet cost, schedule, and performance objectives for the program and identify and report to the congressional defense committees on any increased risk to the program since the last report.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
133(b)(5) of such title is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, ex-cept that the Under Secretary shall exercise only advisory authority over service acquisition programs for which the service acquisition exec-utive is the milestone decision authority’’. 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
(1) I MPLEMENTATION PLAN .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for im-plementing subsection (d) of section 2430 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. 
(2) G
UIDANCE .—The Deputy Chief Manage-
ment Officer of the Department of Defense, in consultation with the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics and the service acquisition executives, shall issue guidance to ensure that by not later than October 1, 2016, the acquisition policy, guidance, and practices of the Department of Defense con-form to the requirements of subsection (d) of sec-tion 2430 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. The guidance shall be designed to ensure a stream-lined decision-making and approval process and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4403 June 22, 2015 
to minimize any information requests, consistent 
with the requirement of paragraph (4)(A) of such subsection (d). 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made 
by subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect on October 1, 2016. 
SEC. 844. REVISION OF MILESTONE A DECISION 
AUTHORITY RESPONSIBILITIES FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EVISION TO MILESTONE A R EQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2366a of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘§ 2366a. Major defense acquisition programs: 
responsibilities at Milestone A approval 
‘‘(a) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Before granting Mile-
stone A approval for a major defense acquisition program or a major subprogram, the milestone decision authority for the program or subpro-gram shall ensure that— 
‘‘(1) information about the program or subpro-
gram is sufficient to warrant entry of the pro-gram or subprogram into the risk reduction phase; 
‘‘(2) the Secretary of the relevant military de-
partment and the chief of the relevant military service concur in cost, schedule, technical feasi-bility, and performance trade-offs that have been made with regard to the program; and 
‘‘(3) there are sound plans for progression of 
the program or subprogram to the development phase. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out sub-
section (a), the milestone decision authority shall take appropriate action to ensure that— 
‘‘(1) the program or subprogram— ‘‘(A) meets a joint military requirement and 
responds to an anticipated or likely threat; 
‘‘(B) has been developed in light of appro-
priate market research and a review of alter-native approaches and does not unnecessarily duplicate a capability already provided by an existing system; and 
‘‘(C) is affordable in light of cost estimates de-
veloped pursuant to the guidance of the Direc-tor of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation; and 
‘‘(2) the acquisition strategy for the program 
or subprogram— 
‘‘(A) identifies areas of risk and, for each 
such identified area of risk, includes a plan to reduce the risk; 
‘‘(B) addresses planning for sustainment; and ‘‘(C) complies with the requirements of section 
2431a of this title and the policies and proce-dures implementing such section; and 
‘‘(3) the program or subprogram meets any 
other considerations the milestone decision au-thority considers relevant. 
‘‘(c) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after granting Milestone A approval for a major defense acquisition program or major subpro-gram, the milestone decision authority for that program or subprogram shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees notice of the ap-proval in writing. The milestone decision authority’s decision memorandum with respect to such approval shall be available to the con-gressional defense committees upon request, con-sistent with any relevant classification require-ments. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘major defense acquisition pro-
gram’ means a Department of Defense acquisi-tion program that is a major defense acquisition program for purposes of section 2430 of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘major subprogram’ means a 
major subprogram of a major defense acquisition program designated under section 2430a(a)(1) of this title. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘milestone decision authority’, 
with respect to a major defense acquisition pro-gram or a major subprogram, means the official within the Department of Defense designated with the overall responsibility and authority for acquisitions decisions for the program or sub-
program, including authority to approve entry of the program or subprogram into the next phase of the acquisition process. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘Milestone A approval’ means a 
decision to enter into a risk reduction phase pursuant to guidance prescribed by the Sec-retary of Defense for the management of De-partment of Defense acquisition programs. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘joint military requirement’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 181(g)(1) of this title.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2366a and inserting the following: 
‘‘2366a. Major defense acquisition programs: re-
sponsibilities at Milestone A ap-proval.’’. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS IN MAKING MILESTONE A  
DETERMINATIONS .—In making a Milestone A de-
termination pursuant to section 2366a of title 10, United States Code, the milestone decision au-thority shall include consideration of the fol-lowing: 
(1) With respect to joint military requirements, 
the factors outlined under section 181(b) of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) With respect to alternative approaches, the 
factors outlined under section 201(a) of the Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–23; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). 
(3) With respect to affordability and cost esti-
mates and analyses, the factors outlined under section 2334(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
(4) With respect to risk, the factors outlined 
under— 
(A) section 138b(b) of title 10, United States 
Code; and 
(B) section 842. (5) With respect to sustainment, the factors 
outlined under section 2337 and section 2464 of this title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 845. REVISION OF MILESTONE B DECISION 
AUTHORITY RESPONSIBILITIES FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EVISION TO MILESTONE B R EQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 2366b of title 10, United Stated 
Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2366b. Major defense acquisition programs: 
certification required before Milestone B ap-proval 
‘‘(a) C
ERTIFICATION .—A major defense acqui-
sition program may not receive Milestone B ap-proval until the milestone decision authority certifies that the technology in the program has been demonstrated in a relevant environment, as determined by the Milestone Decision Authority on the basis of an independent review and as-sessment by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in consultation with the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evaluation. 
‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION .—A major defense acqui-
sition program may not receive Milestone B ap-proval until the milestone decision authority de-termines that appropriate steps have been taken to ensure that— 
‘‘(1) the program is affordable when consid-
ering the ability of the Department of Defense to accomplish the program’s mission using alter-native systems; 
‘‘(2) trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical 
feasibility, and performance objectives have been made to ensure that the program is afford-able when considering the per unit cost and the total acquisition cost in the context of the total resources available during the period covered by the future-years defense program submitted dur-ing the fiscal year in which the certification is made; 
‘‘(3) the Secretary of the relevant military de-
partment and the chief of the relevant military service concur in the trade-offs made in accord-ance with paragraph (2); 
‘‘(4) reasonable cost and schedule estimates 
have been developed to execute, with the con-currence of the Director of Cost Assessment and 
Program Evaluation, the product development and production plan under the program; 
‘‘(5) funding is available to execute the prod-
uct development and production plan under the program, through the period covered by the fu-ture-years defense program submitted during the fiscal year in which the certification is made, consistent with the estimates described in para-graph (4) for the program; 
‘‘(6) market research has been conducted prior 
to technology development to reduce duplication of existing technology and products; 
‘‘(7) the Department of Defense has completed 
an analysis of alternatives and a business case analysis with respect to the program; 
‘‘(8) the Joint Requirements Oversight Council 
has accomplished its duties with respect to the program pursuant to section 181(b) of this title, including an analysis of the operational re-quirements for the program; 
‘‘(9) life-cycle sustainment planning, includ-
ing corrosion prevention and mitigation plan-ning, has identified and evaluated relevant sustainment costs throughout development, pro-duction, operation, sustainment, and disposal of the program, and any alternatives, and that such costs are reasonable and have been accu-rately estimated; 
‘‘(10) an estimate has been made of the re-
quirements for core logistics capabilities and the associated sustaining workloads required to sup-port such requirements; 
‘‘(11) there is a plan to mitigate and account 
for any costs in connection with any antici-pated de-certification of cryptographic systems and components during the production and pro-curement of the major defense acquisition pro-gram to be acquired; 
‘‘(12) a preliminary design review or assess-
ment of engineering design knowledge of the system has been satisfactorily completed; and 
‘‘(13) the program complies with all relevant 
policies, regulations, and directives of the De-partment of Defense. 
‘‘(c) C
HANGES TO CERTIFICATION .—(1) The pro-
gram manager for a major defense acquisition program that has received milestone B approval under this section shall immediately notify the milestone decision authority of any changes to the program or a designated major subprogram of such program that— 
‘‘(A) alter the substantive basis for the certifi-
cation of the milestone decision authority under subsection (a) or any element of the determina-tion of the milestone decision authority under subsection (b); or 
‘‘(B) otherwise cause the program or subpro-
gram to deviate significantly from the material provided to the milestone decision authority in support of such certification or determination. 
‘‘(2) Upon receipt of information under para-
graph (1), the milestone decision authority may withdraw the certification or determination con-cerned or rescind Milestone B approval if the milestone decision authority determines that such certification, determination, or approval is no longer valid. 
‘‘(d) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—(1) The cer-
tification required under subsection (a) and the determination under subsection (b) with respect to a major defense acquisition program shall be submitted to the congressional defense commit-tees with the first Selected Acquisition Report submitted under section 2432 of this title after completion of the certification. 
‘‘(2) A summary of any information provided 
to the milestone decision authority pursuant to subsection (c) and a description of the actions taken as a result of such information shall be submitted with the first Selected Acquisition Re-port submitted under section 2432 of this title after receipt of such information by the mile-stone decision authority. 
‘‘(e) W
AIVER FOR NATIONAL SECURITY .—(1) 
The milestone decision authority may waive the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4404 June 22, 2015 
applicability to a major defense acquisition pro-
gram of the certification requirement in sub-section (a) or one or more components of the de-termination requirement in subsection (b) if the milestone decision authority determines that, but for such a waiver, the Department would be unable to meet critical national security objec-tives. 
‘‘(2) Whenever the milestone decision author-
ity makes such a determination and authorizes such a waiver the waiver, the determination, and the reasons for the determination shall be submitted in writing to the congressional de-fense committees within 30 days after the waiver is authorized. 
‘‘(f) N
ONDELEGATION .—The milestone decision 
authority may not delegate the certification re-quirement under subsection (a), the determina-tion requirement under subsection (b), or the authority to waive any component of such re-quirement under subsection (e). 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘major defense acquisition pro-
gram’ means a Department of Defense acquisi-tion program that is a major defense acquisition program for purposes of section 2430 of this title. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘designated major subprogram’ 
means a major subprogram of a major defense acquisition program designated under section 2430a(a)(1) of this title. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘milestone decision authority’, 
with respect to a major defense acquisition pro-gram, means the individual within the Depart-ment of Defense designated with overall respon-sibility for the program. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘Milestone B approval’ has the 
meaning provided that term in section 2366(e)(7) of this title. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘core logistics capabilities’ 
means the core logistics capabilities identified under section 2464(a) of this title.’’. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS IN MAKING MILESTONE B 
DETERMINATIONS .—In making a Milestone B de-
termination pursuant to section 2366b of title 10, United States Code, the milestone decision au-thority shall review the acquisition strategy re-quired by section 2431a of title 10, as added by section 841 of this Act and include consideration of the following: 
(1) With respect to affordability, the factors 
outlined under section 2334 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) With respect to risk, the factors outlined 
under— 
(A) section 842; and (B) section 138b(b) of title 10, United States 
Code. 
(3) With respect to fulfilling a joint military 
requirement, the factors outlined under section 181 of title 10, United States Code. 
(4) With respect to competition— (A) the factors outlined under section 202 of 
the Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–23; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note); and 
(B) the requirements of section 2304 of title 10, 
United States Code. 
(5) With respect to sustainment, the factors 
outlined under section 2337 and section 2464 of title 10, United States Code. 
(c) C
ONFORMING CHANGE .—Section 2334(a) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended in para-graph (6)(A)(i) by striking ‘‘any certification under’’ and inserting in lieu thereof ‘‘any deci-sion to grant milestone approval pursuant to’’. 
SEC. 846. TENURE AND ACCOUNTABILITY OF PRO-
GRAM MANAGERS FOR PROGRAM DE-VELOPMENT PERIODS. 
(a) R EVISED GUIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later 
than 180 days after date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise De-partment of Defense guidance for defense acqui-sition programs to address the tenure and ac-countability of program managers for the pro-gram development period of defense acquisition programs. 
(b) P
ROGRAM DEVELOPMENT PERIOD .—For the 
purpose of this section, the term ‘‘program de-velopment period’’ refers to the period before a 
decision on Milestone B approval (or Key Deci-sion Point B approval in the case of a space program). 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The revised guidance 
required by subsection (a) shall provide that the program manager for the program development period of a defense acquisition program is re-sponsible for— 
(1) bringing to maturity the technologies and 
manufacturing processes that will be needed to carry out the program; 
(2) ensuring continuing focus during program 
development on meeting stated mission require-ments and other requirements of the Department of Defense; 
(3) making trade-offs between program cost, 
schedule, and performance for the life-cycle of the program; 
(4) developing a business case for the program; 
and 
(5) ensuring that appropriate information is 
available to the milestone decision authority to make a decision on Milestone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program), including information nec-essary to make the certification required by sec-tion 2366a of title 10, United States Code. 
(d) Q
UALIFICATIONS , RESOURCES , AND TEN-
URE.—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that each program manager for the program de-velopment period of a defense acquisition pro-gram— 
(1) has the appropriate management, engi-
neering, technical, and financial expertise need-ed to meet the responsibilities assigned pursuant to subsection (c); 
(2) is provided the resources and support (in-
cluding systems engineering expertise, cost esti-mating expertise, and software development ex-pertise) needed to meet such responsibilities; and 
(3) is assigned to the program manager posi-
tion for such program until such time as such program is ready for a decision on Milestone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program), unless removed for cause or due to exceptional circumstances. 
SEC. 847. TENURE AND ACCOUNTABILITY OF PRO-
GRAM MANAGERS FOR PROGRAM EXECUTION PERIODS. 
(a) R EVISED GUIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise Department of Defense guidance for defense ac-quisition programs to address the tenure and ac-countability of program managers for the pro-gram execution period of defense acquisition programs. 
(b) P
ROGRAM EXECUTION PERIOD .—For pur-
poses of this section, the term ‘‘program execu-tion period’’ refers to the period after Milestone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program). 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The revised guidance 
required by subsection (a) shall— 
(1) require the program manager for the pro-
gram execution period of a defense acquisition program to enter into a performance agreement with the milestone decision authority for such program within six months of assignment, that— 
(A) establishes expected parameters for the 
cost, schedule, and performance of the program consistent with the business case for the pro-gram; 
(B) provides the commitment of the milestone 
decision authority to provide the level of fund-ing and resources required to meet such param-eters; and 
(C) provides the assurance of the program 
manager that such parameters are achievable and that the program manager will be account-able for meeting such parameters; and 
(2) provide the program manager with the au-
thority to— 
(A) veto the addition of new program require-
ments that would be inconsistent with the pa-rameters established in the performance agree-ment entered into pursuant to paragraph (1), 
subject to the authority of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Lo-gistics to override the veto based on critical na-tional security reasons; 
(B) make trade-offs between cost, schedule, 
and performance, provided that such trade-offs are consistent with the parameters established in the performance agreement entered into pur-suant to paragraph (1); 
(C) redirect funding within such program, to 
the extent necessary to achieve the parameters established in the performance agreement en-tered into pursuant to paragraph (1); 
(D) develop such interim goals and milestones 
as may be required to achieve the parameters es-tablished in the performance agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1); and 
(E) use program funds to recruit and hire 
such technical experts as may be required to carry out the program, if necessary expertise is not otherwise provided by the Department of Defense. 
(d) Q
UALIFICATIONS , RESOURCES , AND TEN-
URE.—The Secretary shall ensure that each pro-
gram manager for the program execution period of a defense acquisition program— 
(1) has the appropriate management, engi-
neering, technical, and financial expertise need-ed to meet the responsibilities assigned pursuant to subsection (c); 
(2) is provided the resources and support (in-
cluding systems engineering expertise, cost esti-mating expertise, and software development ex-pertise) needed to meet such responsibilities; and 
(3) is assigned to the program manager posi-
tion for such program at the time of Milestone B approval (or Key Decision Point B approval in the case of a space program) and continues in such position until the delivery of the first pro-duction units of the program, unless removed for cause or due to exceptional circumstances. 
(e) L
IMITED WAIVER AUTHORITY .—The Sec-
retary may waive the requirement in paragraph (3) of subsection (d) that a program manager for the program execution period of a defense acqui-sition program serve in that position until the delivery of the first production units of such program upon submitting to the congressional defense committees a written determination that— 
(1) the program is so complex, and the delivery 
of the first production units will take so long, that it would not be feasible for a single indi-vidual to serve as program manager for the en-tire period covered by such paragraph; and 
(2) the complexity of the program, and length 
of time that will be required to deliver the first production units, are not the result of a failure to meet the certification requirements under sec-tion 2366a of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 848. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR STAND- 
ALONE MANPOWER ESTIMATES FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT .—Subsection 
(a)(1) of section 2434 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and a manpower estimate for the program have’’ and inserting ‘‘has’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  
REGULATIONS .—Subsection (b) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by striking ‘‘shall require—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘that the independent’’ and in-serting ‘‘shall require that the independent’’; 
(3) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and moving those paragraphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the left; and 
(4) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘and operations and support,’’ 
and inserting ‘‘operations and support, and manpower to operate, maintain, and support the program upon full operational deployment,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a pe-
riod. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4405 June 22, 2015 
(c) C LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 2434. Independent cost estimates’’. 
(2) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections 
at the beginning of chapter 144 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2434 and inserting the following: 
‘‘2434. Independent cost estimates.’’. 
SEC. 849. PENALTY FOR COST OVERRUNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For each fiscal year begin-
ning with fiscal year 2015, the Secretary of each military department shall pay a penalty for cost overruns on the covered major defense acquisi-tion programs of the military department. 
(b) C
ALCULATION OF PENALTY .—For the pur-
poses of this section: 
(1) The amount of the cost overrun or 
underrun on any major defense acquisition pro-gram or subprogram in a fiscal year is the dif-ference between the current program acquisition unit cost for the program or subprogram and the program acquisition unit cost for the program as shown in the original Baseline Estimate for the program or subprogram, multiplied by the quan-tity of items to be purchased under the program or subprogram, as reported in the final Selected Acquisition Report for the fiscal year in accord-ance with section 2432 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) Cost overruns or underruns for covered 
major defense acquisition programs that are joint programs of more than one military depart-ment shall be allocated among the military de-partments in percentages determined by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. 
(3) The cumulative amount of cost overruns 
for a military department in a fiscal year is the sum of the cost overruns and cost underruns for all covered major defense acquisition programs of the department in the fiscal year (including cost overruns or underruns allocated to the mili-tary department in accordance with paragraph (2)). 
(4) The cost overrun penalty for a military de-
partment in a fiscal year is three percent of the cumulative amount of cost overruns of the mili-tary department in the fiscal year, as deter-mined pursuant to paragraph (3), except that the cost overrun penalty may not be a negative amount. 
(c) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS.— 
(1) R EDUCTION OF RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , 
TEST, AND EVALUATION ACCOUNTS .—Not later 
than 60 days after the end of each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2015, the Secretary of each military department shall reduce each re-search, development, test, and evaluation ac-count of the military department by the percent-
age determined under paragraph (2), and remit such amount to the Secretary of Defense. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT .—The percent-
age reduction to research, development, test, and evaluation accounts of a military depart-ment referred to in paragraph (1) is the percent-age reduction to such accounts necessary to equal the cost overrun penalty for the fiscal year for such department determined pursuant to subsection (b)(4). 
(3) C
REDITING OF FUNDS .—Any amount remit-
ted under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the Rapid Prototyping Fund established pursuant to section 803 of this Act. 
(d) C
OVERED PROGRAMS .—A major defense ac-
quisition program is covered under this section if the original Baseline Estimate was established for such program under section 2435(d) (1) or (2) on or after the date of the enactment of the Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–23). 
SEC. 850. STREAMLINING OF REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING REGARDING MAJOR DEFENSE AC-QUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EPORTING TO UNDER SECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE FOR ACQUISITION , TECHNOLOGY , ANDLO-GISTICS BEFORE MILESTONE B APPROVAL .—Sub-
paragraph (A) of paragraph (8) of section 138(b) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 901(h)(2) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3466), is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘periodically’’; (2) by striking ‘‘the major defense acquisition 
programs’’ and inserting ‘‘each major defense acquisition program’’; 
(3) by inserting ‘‘before the Milestone B ap-
proval for that program’’ after ‘‘Department of Defense’’; and 
(4) by striking ‘‘such reviews and assess-
ments’’ and inserting ‘‘such review and assess-ment’’. 
(b) A
NNUAL REPORT TO SECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE AND CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMIT -
TEES.—Subparagraph (B) of such paragraph is 
amended by inserting ‘‘for which a Milestone B approval occurred during the preceding fiscal year’’ after ‘‘Department of Defense’’. 
SEC. 851. CONFIGURATION STEERING BOARDS 
FOR COST CONTROL UNDER MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
Section 814(c)(1) of the Duncan Hunter Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4529) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), 
and (C) as subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D), re-spectively; and 
(2) by inserting after ‘‘for the following:’’ the 
following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(A) Monitoring changes in program require-
ments and ensuring all such changes receive the approval of the Chief of the relevant military service, in consultation with the Secretary of the relevant military department.’’. 
SEC. 852. SUSTAINMENT ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) A SSESSMENT EXPANSION OF FUNCTIONS OF  
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR LOGIS-
TICS AND MATERIEL READINESS TOINCLUDE  
SUSTAINMENT FUNCTIONS .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report setting forth an assessment of the feasibility and advis-ability of— 
(1) assigning to the Assistant Secretary of De-
fense for Logistics and Materiel Readiness— 
(A) functions relating to the sustainment 
strategy required under section 2431a(c)(9) of Title 10, United States Code, as added by section 841 of this Act; and 
(B) functions relating to manufacturing and 
industrial base policy currently being carried out within the Office of the Secretary of De-fense; and 
(2) redesignating such Assistant Secretary 
(with such functions so assigned and together with the current logistics and material readiness functions of such Assistant Secretary) as the As-sistant Secretary of Defense for Sustainment. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the Department of Defense does not place 
sufficient emphasis on sustainment of a weapon system during the entire acquisition process; and 
(2) the Department of Defense should address 
this deficiency and ensure that all aspect of weapon system sustainment are carefully con-sidered throughout the entire Integrated De-fense Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics Life Cycle Management System. 
Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to 
Commercial Items 
SEC. 861. INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN LAWS 
AND REGULATIONS TO THE ACQUISI-TION OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS AND COMMERCIALLY AVAILABLE OFF- THE-SHELF ITEMS. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO TITLE 10, U NITED STATES  
CODE.—Section 2375 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2375. Relationship of commercial item pro-
visions to other provisions of law 
‘‘(a) A PPLICABILITY OF GOVERNMENT -WIDE 
STATUTES .—(1) No contract for the procurement 
of a commercial item entered into by the head of an agency shall be subject to any law properly listed in the Federal Acquisition Regulation pursuant to section 1906(b) of title 41. 
‘‘(2) No subcontract under a contract for the 
procurement of a commercial item entered into by the head of an agency shall be subject to any law properly listed in the Federal Acquisition Regulation pursuant to section 1906(c) of title 41. 
‘‘(3) No contract for the procurement of a com-
mercially available off-the-shelf item entered into by the head of an agency shall be subject to any law properly listed in the Federal Acqui-sition Regulation pursuant to section 1907 of title 41. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF DEFENSE -UNIQUE STAT-
UTES TO CONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS.— 
(1) The Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement shall include a list of defense- unique provisions of law that are inapplicable to contracts for the procurement of commercial items. A provision of law properly included on the list pursuant to paragraph (2) does not apply to purchases of commercial items by the Department of Defense. This section does not render a provision of law not included on the list inapplicable to contracts for the procure-ment of commercial items. 
‘‘(2) A provision of law described in subsection 
(e) that is enacted after January 1, 2015, shall be included on the list of inapplicable provisions of law required by paragraph (1) unless the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics makes a written deter-mination that it would not be in the best inter-est of the Department of Defense to exempt con-tracts for the procurement of commercial items from the applicability of the provision. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF DEFENSE -UNIQUE STAT-
UTES TO SUBCONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIAL  
ITEMS.—(1) The Defense Federal Acquisition 
Regulation Supplement shall include a list of provisions of law that are inapplicable to sub-contracts under a Department of Defense con-tract or subcontract for the procurement of com-mercial items. A provision of law properly in-cluded on the list pursuant to paragraph (2) does not apply to those subcontracts. This sec-tion does not render a provision of law not in-cluded on the list inapplicable to subcontracts under a contract for the procurement of com-mercial items. 
‘‘(2) A provision of law described in subsection 
(e) shall be included on the list of inapplicable provisions of law required by paragraph (1) un-less the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion, Technology, and Logistics makes a written determination that it would not be in the best interest of the Department of Defense to exempt subcontracts under a contract for the procure-ment of commercial items from the applicability of the provision. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘subcontract’ 
includes a transfer of commercial items between divisions, subsidiaries, or affiliates of a con-tractor or subcontractor. The term does not in-clude agreements entered into by a contractor for the supply of commodities that are intended for use in the performance of multiple contracts with the Department of Defense and other par-ties and are not identifiable to any particular contract. 
‘‘(4) This subsection does not authorize the 
waiver of the applicability of any provision of law with respect to any first-tier subcontract under a contract with a prime contractor resell-ing or distributing commercial items of another contractor without adding value. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICABILITY OF DEFENSE -UNIQUE STAT-
UTES TO CONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIALLY AVAIL-
ABLE, OFF-THE-SHELF ITEMS.—(1) The Defense 
Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4406 June 22, 2015 
shall include a list of provisions of law that are 
inapplicable to contracts for the procurement of commercially available off-the-shelf items. A provision of law properly included on the list pursuant to paragraph (2) does not apply to De-partment of Defense contracts for the procure-ment of commercially available off-the-shelf items. This section does not render a provision of law not included on the list inapplicable to contracts for the procurement of commercially available off-the-shelf items. 
‘‘(2) A provision of law described in subsection 
(e) shall be included on the list of inapplicable provisions of law required by paragraph (1) un-less the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion, Technology, and Logistics makes a written determination that it would not be in the best interest of the Department of Defense to exempt contracts for the procurement of commercially available off-the-shelf items from the applica-bility of the provision. 
‘‘(e) C
OVERED PROVISION OF LAW.—A provi-
sion of law referred to in subsections (b)(2), (c)(2), and (d)(2) is a provision of law that the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics determines sets forth policies, procedures, requirements, or restric-tions for the procurement of property or services by the Federal Government, except for a provi-sion of law that— 
‘‘(1) provides for criminal or civil penalties; or ‘‘(2) specifically refers to this section and pro-
vides that, notwithstanding this section, it shall be applicable to contracts for the procurement of commercial items.’’. 
(b) C
HANGES TO DEFENSE FEDERAL ACQUISI -
TION REGULATION SUPPLEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent 
practicable, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall en-sure that— 
(A) the Defense Federal Acquisition Regula-
tion Supplement does not require the inclusion of contract clauses in contracts for the procure-ment of commercial items or contracts for the procurement of commercially available off-the- shelf items, unless such clauses are— 
(i) required to implement provisions of law or 
executive orders applicable to such contracts; or 
(ii) determined to be consistent with standard 
commercial practice; and 
(B) the flow-down of contract clauses to sub-
contracts under contracts for the procurement of commercial items or commercially available off- the-shelf items is prohibited unless such flow- down is required to implement provisions of law or executive orders applicable to such sub-contracts. 
(2) S
UBCONTRACTS .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘subcontract’’ includes a transfer of com-mercial items between divisions, subsidiaries, or affiliates of a contractor or subcontractor. The term does not include agreements entered into by a contractor for the supply of commodities that are intended for use in the performance of multiple contracts with the Department of De-fense and other parties and are not identifiable to any particular contract. 
(c) R
EPORT ON INCLUSION OF CONTRACT  
CLAUSES .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report listing all standard contract clauses included in contracts awarded using commercial acquisition procedures under part 12 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, including a justification for the inclusion of each such clause. 
SEC. 862. MARKET RESEARCH AND PREFERENCE 
FOR COMMERCIAL ITEMS. 
(a) G UIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall issue guidance to ensure that acquisition officials of the De-partment of Defense fully comply with the re-quirements of section 2377 of title 10, United States Code, regarding market research and commercial items. The guidance issued pursuant 
to this subsection shall, at a minimum— 
(1) provide that the head of an agency may 
not enter into a contract in excess of the sim-plified acquisition threshold for information technology products or services that are not commercial items unless the head of the agency determines in writing that no commercial items are suitable to meet the agency’s needs as pro-vided in subsection (c)(2) of such section; and 
(2) ensure that market research conducted in 
accordance with subsection (c) of such section is used, where appropriate, to inform price reason-ableness determinations. 
(b) R
EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, shall review Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Instruction 3170.01, the Manual for the Operation of the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System, and other documents governing the re-quirements development process and revise these documents as necessary to ensure that the De-partment of Defense fully complies with the re-quirement in section 2377(c) of title 10, United States Code, and section 10.001 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation for Federal agencies to conduct appropriate market research before de-veloping new requirements. 
(c) M
ARKET RESEARCH DEFINED .—For the pur-
poses of this section, the term ‘‘market re-search’’ means a review of existing systems, sub-systems, capabilities, and technologies that are available or could be made available to meet the needs of the Department of Defense in whole or in part. The review may include any of the tech-niques for conducting market research provided in section 10.002(b)(2) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation and shall include, at a minimum, contacting knowledgeable individuals in Gov-ernment and industry regarding existing market capabilities. 
SEC. 863. CONTINUING VALIDITY OF COMMER-
CIAL ITEM DETERMINATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the De-fense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supple-ment shall be modified to address the validity of commercial item determinations for multiple pro-curements. 
(b) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS .—The modification 
required by paragraph (1) shall, at a minimum— 
(1) provide that a written determination by an 
authorized agency official that an item is a com-mercial item for the purposes of section 2306a of title 10, United States Code, shall be presumed to be valid for any subsequent procurement un-less the contracting officer for such procurement determines in writing that the earlier determina-tion was made in error or was based on inad-equate information; and 
(2) establish a process by which the contractor 
may appeal a determination by a contracting of-ficer that an earlier determination was made in error or was based on inadequate information to the head of contracting for the agency. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to preclude the con-tracting officer for the procurement of a com-mercial item from requiring the contractor to supply information that is sufficient to deter-mine the reasonableness of price, regardless whether or not the contractor was required to provide such information in connection with any earlier procurement. 
SEC. 864. TREATMENT OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS 
PURCHASED AS MAJOR WEAPON SYS-TEMS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO REQUIREMENTS RELATED  
TOMAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS .—Section 2379 of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 
4(12) of the Office of Federal Procurement Pol-icy Act (41 U.S.C. 403(12))’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-
tion 103 of title 41, United States Code’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the semi-
colon at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 35(c) of the Office of 
Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 431(c))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 104 of title 41, United States Code,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘in writing that—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘(A) the subsystem’’ and insert-ing ‘‘in writing that the subsystem’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 4(12) of the Office of 
Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403(12)); and’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of title 41, United States Code.’’; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (B); (3) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 35(c) of the Office of 
Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 431(c))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 104 of title 41, United States Code,’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘in writing that—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘(i) the component’’ and insert-ing ‘‘in writing that the component’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 4(12) of the Office of 
Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403(12)); and’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103 of title 41, United States Code.’’; and 
(iii) by striking clause (ii); and (4) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION SUBMITTED .—(1) To the ex-
tent necessary to determine the reasonableness of the price for items acquired under this sec-tion, the contracting officer shall require the of-feror to submit— 
‘‘(A) prices paid for the same or similar com-
mercial items under comparable terms and con-ditions by both government and commercial cus-tomers; 
‘‘(B) if the contracting officer determines that 
the offeror does not have access to and cannot provide sufficient information described in sub-paragraph (A) to determine the reasonableness of price, information on— 
‘‘(i) prices for the same or similar items sold 
under different terms and conditions; 
‘‘(ii) prices for similar levels of work or effort 
on related products or services; 
‘‘(iii) prices for alternative solutions or ap-
proaches; and 
‘‘(iv) other relevant information that can 
serve as the basis for a price assessment; and 
‘‘(C) if the contracting officer determines that 
the information submitted pursuant to subpara-graphs (A) and (B) is not sufficient to determine the reasonableness of price, other relevant infor-mation regarding the basis for price or cost, in-cluding information on labor costs, material costs, and overhead rates. 
‘‘(2) An offeror may not be required to submit 
information described in paragraph (1)(C) with regard to a commercially available off-the-shelf item or any other item that was developed exclu-sively at private expense.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TO TRUTH IN NE-
GOTIATIONS ACT.—Section 2306a(d)(1) of such 
title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new sentence: ‘‘If the contracting officer determines that the offeror does not have access to and cannot provide sufficient information on prices for the same or similar items to determine the reasonableness of price, the contracting offi-cer shall require the submission of information on prices for similar levels or work or effort on related products or services, prices for alter-native solutions or approaches, and other infor-mation that is relevant to the determination of a fair and reasonable price.’’. 
SEC. 865. LIMITATION ON CONVERSION OF PRO-
CUREMENTS FROM COMMERCIAL AC-QUISITION PROCEDURES. 
(a) L IMITATION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4407 June 22, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may not convert the procurement of commercial items or services from commercial acquisition procedures under part 12 of the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation to non-commercial acquisition procedures under part 15 of the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation unless the Secretary, in con-sultation with the head of the acquisition com-ponent, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Department of Defense will realize a significant cost savings compared to the cost of procuring a similar quantity or level of such item or service using commercial acquisi-tion procedures. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION FACTORS .—In making a cer-
tification under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall consider the following factors: 
(A) The estimated cost of foregone research 
and development to be performed by the existing contractor to improve future products or serv-ices. 
(B) The transaction costs for the Department 
of Defense and the contractor in assessing and responding to data requests to support a conver-sion to non-commercial acquisition procedures. 
(C) Changes in purchase quantities. (D) Costs associated with potential procure-
ment delays resulting from the conversion. 
(b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I NVENTORY .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall prepare an inventory of all contracts and subcontracts converted from commercial acquisi-tion procedures to non-commercial procedures during the previous five years. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on each con-version identified in the inventory prepared under paragraph (1) that identifies and com-pares per unit costs and prices paid for the item or service under commercial acquisition proce-dures with those paid under non-commercial procurement procedures. 
(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .— 
(1) R EVIEW OF REPORTS .—Not later than 180 
days after the Secretary of Defense submits a re-port under subsection (b)(2), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a review of the accuracy of the report. 
(2) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Comptroller General shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report including any recommendations for additional costs and benefits that should be considered when the Department of Defense is planning to convert a procurement of items or services from commercial to non-commercial pro-curement procedures. 
(B) F
ACTORS .—In making recommendations 
under subparagraph (A), the Comptroller Gen-eral shall consider the following factors: 
(i) Industrial base considerations. (ii) The estimated cost of foregone research 
and development to be performed by existing contractors to improve future products or serv-ices. 
(iii) The transaction costs for the Department 
of Defense and contractors in assessing and re-sponding to data requests to support conver-sions to non-commercial acquisition procedures. 
(iv) Costs associated with potential procure-
ment delays resulting from conversions. 
(d) S
UNSET .—The requirements of this section 
shall terminate 5 years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 866. TREATMENT OF GOODS AND SERVICES 
PROVIDED BY NONTRADITIONAL CONTRACTORS AS COMMERCIAL ITEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 140 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2380. Treatment of goods and services pro-
vided by nontraditional contractors as com-mercial items 
‘‘Notwithstanding section 2376(1) of this title, 
items and services provided by nontraditional contractors (as that term is defined in section 2302(9) of this title) may be treated by the head of an agency as commercial items for purposes of this chapter.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 140 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2379 the following new item: 
‘‘2380. Treatment of goods and services provided 
by nontraditional contractors as commercial items.’’. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 871. STREAMLINING OF REQUIREMENTS RE-
LATING TO DEFENSE BUSINESS SYS-TEMS. 
(a) S TREAMLINING OF REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 2222 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘§ 2222. Defense business systems: business 
process reengineering; enterprise architec-ture; management 
‘‘(a) D
EFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEMS GEN-
ERALLY .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that each covered defense business system devel-oped, deployed, and operated by the Department of Defense— 
‘‘(1) is integrated into a comprehensive de-
fense business enterprise architecture; 
‘‘(2) is managed in a manner that provides 
visibility into, and traceability of, expenditures for the system; and 
‘‘(3) uses an acquisition and sustainment 
strategy that prioritizes use of commercial soft-ware and business practices. 
‘‘(b) D
EFENSE BUSINESS PROCESSES GEN-
ERALLY .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
that defense business processes are reviewed, and as appropriate revised through business process reengineering to match best commercial practices, to the maximum extent practicable, so as to minimize customization of commercial busi-ness systems. 
‘‘(c) I
SSUANCE OF GUIDANCE .— 
‘‘(1) S ECRETARY OF DEFENSE GUIDANCE .—The 
Secretary shall issue guidance to provide for the coordination of, and decision making for, the planning, programming, and control of invest-ments in covered defense business systems. 
‘‘(2) S
UPPORTING GUIDANCE .—The Secretary 
shall direct the Deputy Chief Management Offi-cer of the Department of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics, the Chief Information Of-ficer, and the Chief Management Officer of each of the military departments to issue and main-tain supporting guidance for the guidance of the Secretary issued under paragraph (1), with-in their respective areas of responsibility, as necessary. 
‘‘(d) G
UIDANCE ELEMENTS .—The guidance 
issued pursuant to subsection (c)(1) shall in-clude the following elements: 
‘‘(1) Policy to ensure that the business proc-
esses of the Department of Defense are continu-ously evolved to— 
‘‘(A) implement the most streamlined and effi-
cient business process practicable; and 
‘‘(B) eliminate or reduce the need to tailor 
commercial-off-the-shelf systems to meet unique requirements or incorporate unique requirements or incorporate unique interfaces to the max-imum extent practicable. 
‘‘(2) A process to establish requirements for 
covered defense business systems. 
‘‘(3) Policy requiring the periodic review of 
covered defense business systems that have been fully deployed, by portfolio, to ensure that in-vestments in such portfolios are appropriate. 
‘‘(4) Policy to ensure full consideration of sus-
tainability and technological refreshment re-quirements, and the appropriate use of open ar-
chitectures. 
‘‘(e) D
EFENSE BUSINESS COUNCIL .—The Sec-
retary shall establish a Defense Business Coun-cil to provide advice to the Secretary on re-engineering the Department’s business processes and developing and deploying defense business systems. The Council shall be chaired by the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the De-partment of Defense, and shall include member-ship from the public sector, defense industry, and commercial industry. 
‘‘(f) A
PPROVALS REQUIRED FOR DEVELOP -
MENT .—(1) The Secretary shall ensure that a 
covered defense business system program cannot proceed into development (or, if no development is required, into production or fielding) unless the appropriate approval officials (as specified in paragraph (3)) have determined that— 
‘‘(A) a business process has been, or is being, 
reengineered to be as streamlined and efficient as practicable, and the implementation of the business process will maximize the elimination of unique software requirements and unique inter-faces; 
‘‘(B) the system has valid, achievable require-
ments and a viable plan for implementing those requirements (including, as appropriate, market research, business process reengineering, and prototyping activities); 
‘‘(C) the system has an acquisition strategy 
designed to eliminate or reduce the need to tai-lor commercial-off-the-shelf systems to meet unique requirements or incorporate unique re-quirements or incorporate unique interfaces to the maximum extent practicable; and 
‘‘(D) the system is in compliance with the De-
partment’s auditability requirements. 
‘‘(2)(A) For any fiscal year in which funds are 
expended for development or sustainment pursu-ant to a covered defense business system pro-gram, the appropriate approval officials shall review the system and certify, certify with con-ditions, or decline to certify, as the case may be, that— 
‘‘(i) it continues to satisfy the requirements of 
paragraph (1); 
‘‘(ii) an acquisition program baseline has been 
established within two years of program initi-ation; and 
‘‘(iii) program requirements and have not 
changed in a manner that is increasing acquisi-tion costs or schedule, without sufficient cause and only after maximum efforts to reengineer business processes prior to changing require-ments. 
‘‘(B) If an approval officially determines that 
full certification cannot be granted, the ap-proval official shall notify the acquisition mile-stone decision authority for the program and provide a recommendation for corrective action, and provide a copy of such recommendations to the congressional defense committees within 60 days. 
‘‘(3) For purposes of paragraph (1), the appro-
priate approval officials with respect to a cov-ered defense business system are the following: 
‘‘(A) In the case of a priority defense business 
system, the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. 
‘‘(B) In the case of other covered business sys-
tems, an official designated under procedures established by the Secretary of Defense. 
‘‘(g) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF MILESTONE DECISION  
AUTHORITY .—The milestone decision authority 
for a covered defense business system program shall be responsible for the acquisition of such system and shall ensure that acquisition process approvals are not considered for such system until the relevant certifications and approvals have been made under this section. 
‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) D EFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM .—(A) The term 
‘defense business system’ means an information system that is operated by, for, or on behalf of the Department of Defense, including any of the following: 
‘‘(i) A financial system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4408 June 22, 2015 
‘‘(ii) A financial data feeder system. 
‘‘(iii) A contracting system. ‘‘(iv) A logistics system. ‘‘(v) A planning and budgeting system. ‘‘(vi) An installations management system. ‘‘(vii) A human resources management system. 
‘‘(viii) A training and readiness system. ‘‘(B) The term does not include— ‘‘(i) a national security system; or ‘‘(ii) an information system used exclusively 
by and within the defense commissary system or the exchange system or other instrumentality of the Department of Defense conducted for the morale, welfare, and recreation of members of the armed forces using nonappropriated funds. 
‘‘(2) C
OVERED DEFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM .—The 
term ‘covered defense business system’ means a defense business system that is expected to have a total amount of budget authority over the pe-riod of the current future-years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title, in excess of $50,000,000. 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED DEFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘covered defense business sys-
tem program’ means a defense acquisition pro-gram to develop and field a covered defense business system or an increment of a covered de-fense business system. 
‘‘(4) P
RIORITY DEFENSE BUSINESS SYSTEM PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘priority defense business sys-
tem’ means a defense business system that is— 
‘‘(A) expected to have a total amount of budg-
et authority over the period of the current fu-ture-years defense program submitted to Con-gress under section 221 of this title in excess of $250,000,000; or 
‘‘(B) designated by the Deputy Chief Manage-
ment Officer of the Department of Defense as a priority defense business system, based on spe-cific program analyses of factors including com-plexity, scope, and technical risk, and after no-tification to Congress of such designation. 
‘‘(5) E
NTERPRISE ARCHITECTURE .—The term 
‘enterprise architecture’ has the meaning given that term in section 3601(4) of title 44. 
‘‘(6) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .—The term ‘infor-
mation system’ has the meaning given that term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. 
‘‘(7) N
ATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEM .—The term 
‘national security system’ has the meaning given that term in section 3552(b)(2) of title 44. 
‘‘(8) M
ILESTONE DECISION AUTHORITY .—The 
term ‘milestone decision authority’, with respect to a defense acquisition program, means the in-dividual within the Department of Defense des-ignated with the responsibility to grant mile-stone approvals for that program. 
‘‘(9) B
USINESS PROCESS MAPPING .—The term 
‘business process mapping’ means a procedure in which the steps in a business process are clari-fied and documented in both written form and in a flow chart.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 131 of such title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘2222. Defense business systems: business proc-
ess reengineering; enterprise ar-chitecture; management.’’. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PREVIOUSLY ENACTED  
TITLE CHANGE .—Effective February 1, 2017, sec-
tion 2222 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by striking ‘‘the Deputy Chief Management Of-ficer’’ each place that it appears and inserting ‘‘the Under Secretary of Defense for Business Management and Information’’. 
(c) D
EADLINE FOR GUIDANCE .—The guidance 
required by subsection (b)(1) of section 2222 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a)(1), shall be issued not later than De-cember 31, 2016. 
(d) M
ODIFICATION OF COMPTROLLER GENERAL  
ASSESSMENT .—Section 332(d) of the Ronald W. 
Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 1856) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT .—In 
each odd-numbered year, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the con-
gressional defense committees an assessment of the extent to which the actions taken by the De-partment of Defense comply with the require-ments of such section.’’. 
SEC. 872. ACQUISITION WORKFORCE. 
(a) M ODIFICATIONS TO DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT  
FUND.—Section 1705 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-
graph (C) to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) For purposes of this paragraph, the ap-
plicable percentage for a fiscal year is the per-centage that results in the credit to the Fund of $500,000,000 in each fiscal year.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘24-month 
period’’ and inserting ‘‘36-month period’’; 
(2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘60 days’’ 
and inserting ‘‘120 days’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g)(2), by striking ‘‘September 
30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATIONS TO BIENNIAL STRATEGIC  
WORKFORCE PLAN.—Section 115b(d) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the defense 
acquisition workforce, including both military and civilian personnel’’ and inserting ‘‘the mili-tary, civilian, and contractor personnel that di-rectly support the acquisition processes of the Department of Defense, including persons serv-ing in acquisition-related positions designated by the Secretary of Defense under section 1721 of this title’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(D)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; 
(B) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); 
and 
(C) by inserting after clause (i) the following 
new clause: 
‘‘(ii) a description of steps that will be taken 
to address any new or expanded critical skills and competencies the civilian employee work-force will need to address recent trends in de-fense acquisition, emerging best practices, changes in the government and commercial mar-ketplace, and new requirements established in law or regulation; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) For the purposes of paragraph (1), con-
tractor personnel shall be treated as directly supporting the acquisition processes of the De-partment if, and to the extent that, such con-tractor personnel perform functions in support of personnel in Department of Defense positions designated by the Secretary of Defense under section 1721 of this title.’’. 
SEC. 873. UNIFIED INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
SERVICES. 
(a) B USINESS CASEANALYSIS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Dep-uty Chief Management Officer, the Chief Infor-mation Officer of the Department of Defense, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion, Technology and Logistics shall jointly complete a business case analysis, using the re-sources of the Director of Cost Analysis and Program Evaluation, to determine the most ef-fective and efficient way to procure and deploy information technology services. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The business case analysis re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall include an assess-ment of whether the Department of Defense should— 
(A)(i) acquire a unified set of commercially 
provided common or enterprise information tech-nology services, including such services as mes-saging, collaboration, directory, security, and content delivery; or 
(ii) allow the military departments and other 
components of the Department to acquire such services separately; 
(B)(i) acquire such services from a single pro-
vider that bundles all of the services; or (ii) require that each common service be inde-
pendently defined and use open standards to enable continuous adoption of best commercial technology; and 
(C) enable availability of multiple versions of 
each type of service and application to enable choice and competition while supporting inter-operability where necessary. 
(b) G
OVERNANCE MECHANISM AND PROCESS .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Deputy Chief Management Officer and the Chief Information Officer, establish a governance mechanism and process to ensure essential interoperability across Department networks through the imposi-tion of a minimum set of standards or common solutions. 
SEC. 874. CLOUD STRATEGY FOR DEPARTMENT 
OF DEFENSE. 
(a) C LOUD STRATEGY FOR SECRET INTERNET  
PROTOCOL NETWORK .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief Information Offi-
cer of the Department of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, the Director of National Intel-ligence, the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acqui-sition, Technology, and Logistics, and the chief information officers of the military departments, develop a cloud strategy for the Secret Internet Protocol Network (SIPRNet) of the Department. 
(2) M
ATTERS ADDRESSED .—This strategy re-
quired by paragraph (1) shall address the fol-lowing: 
(A) Security requirements. (B) The compatibility of applications cur-
rently utilized within the Secret Internet Pro-tocol Network with a cloud computing environ-ment. 
(C) How a Secret Internet Protocol Network 
cloud capability should be competitively ac-quired. 
(D) How a Secret Internet Protocol Network 
cloud system would achieve interoperability with the cloud systems of the intelligence com-munity (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) operating at the security level Sensitive Compartmented Information. 
(b) P
RICING POLICY AND COST RECOVERY  
PROCESS FOR CERTAIN CLOUD SERVICES .—The 
Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence and in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Intel-ligence, develop a consistent pricing policy and cost recovery process for the use by Department of Defense components of the cloud services pro-vided through the Intelligence Community In-formation Technology Environment. 
(c) A
SSESSMENT OF FEASIBILITY AND ADVIS-
ABILITY OF IMPOSING MINIMUM STANDARDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Chief Information Offi-
cer of the Department of Defense shall assess the feasibility and advisability of imposing a minimum set of open standards for cloud infra-structure, middle-ware, metadata, and applica-tion programming interfaces to promote inter-operability, information sharing, and ease of ac-cess to data, and competition across all of the cloud computing systems and services utilized by components of the Department of Defense. 
(2) C
OORDINATION .—The Chief Information 
Officer shall coordinate the assessment required by paragraph (1) with the Director of National Intelligence with respect to the cloud services of-fered through the Intelligence Community Infor-mation Technology Environment. 
SEC. 875. DEVELOPMENT PERIOD FOR DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
(a) F LEXIBLE LIMITATION ON DEVELOPMENT  
PERIOD .—Section 2445b of title 10, United States 
Code is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (e); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4409 June 22, 2015 
‘‘(d) T IME-CERTAIN DEVELOPMENT .—If the 
baseline documents prepared under subsection (c) for a major automated information system that is not a national security system provide for a period in excess of five years from the time of program initiation to the time of a full de-ployment decision, the documents submitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall include a writ-ten determination by the senior Department of Defense official responsible for the program jus-tifying the need for the longer period.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF INCONSISTENT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(1) Section 2445c(c)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (B), by striking the semi-
colon at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; or’’ 
and inserting a period; and 
(C) by striking subparagraph (D), as added by 
section 802(a)(3) of the Carl Levin and Howard ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3427). 
(2) Section 811 of the John Warner National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2316) is repealed. 
SEC. 876. REVISIONS TO PILOT PROGRAM ON AC-
QUISITION OF MILITARY PURPOSE NON-DEVELOPMENTAL ITEMS. 
Section 866 of the Ike Skelton National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘with non-
traditional defense contractors’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘awarded 
using competitive procedures in accordance with chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000’’. 
SEC. 877. EXTENSION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF 
DEFENSE MENTOR-PROTE´GE´PILOT 
PROGRAM. 
Section 831(j) of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘September 
30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘September 
30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. 
SEC. 878. IMPROVED AUDITING OF CONTRACTS. 
(a) A DDRESSING AUDIT BACKLOG .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Beginning October 1, 2016, 
the Defense Contract Audit Agency may provide audit support for non-Defense Agencies once the Secretary of Defense certifies that the backlog for incurred cost audits is less than 12 months of incurred cost inventory. 
(2) A
DJUSTMENT IN FUNDING FOR REIMBURSE -
MENTS FROM NON -DEFENSE AGENCIES .—The 
amount appropriated and otherwise available to the Defense Contract Audit Agency for a fiscal year beginning after September 30, 2016, shall be reduced by an amount equivalent to any reim-bursements received by the Agency from non- Defense Agencies for support provided in viola-tion of the limitation under paragraph (1). 
(b) U
SE OF THIRD PARTY AUDITS .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall use up to 5 percent of the auditing staff of the service audit agencies aug-mented by private sector auditors to help elimi-nate the audit backlog in incurred cost, pre- award accounting systems audits and to reduce the time to complete pre-award audits. 
(c) U
SE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL AUDITING  
STAFF.—The Office of the Inspector General of 
the Department of Defense shall make available 5 percent of its auditing staff to the Defense Contract Audit Agency to help eliminate the audit backlog in incurred cost, pre-award ac-counting systems audits and to reduce the time to complete pre-award audits. 
(d) D
EFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY AN-
NUAL REPORT .—Section 2313a(a) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-
graph (D) to read as follows: 
‘‘(D) the total costs of sustained or recovered 
costs both as a total number and as a percent-age of questioned costs; and’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(3) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (6); and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(4) a description of actions taken to ensure 
alignment of policies and practices across the Defense Contract Audit Agency regional organi-zations, offices, and individual auditors; 
‘‘(5) a description of outreach actions toward 
industry to promote more effective use of audit resources; and’’. 
(e) A
CQUISITION OVERSIGHT AND AUDITS .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall review the oversight and audit structure of the Department of De-fense with the goal of enhancing the produc-tivity of oversight and program and contract auditing to avoid duplicative audits and the streamlining of oversight reviews. The Secretary shall take all necessary measures to streamline oversight reviews and avoid duplicative audits and make recommendation for any necessary changes in law. 
(f) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on actions taken to avoid duplicative audits and streamline oversight reviews. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) A description of actions taken to avoid du-
plicative audits and streamline oversight reviews based on the review conducted under subsection (e). 
(B) A comparison of commercial industry ac-
counting practices, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–204), with the Cost Accounting Stand-ards (CAS) to determine if some portions of CAS compliance can be met through such practices or requirements. 
(C) A description of standards of materiality 
used by the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Inspector General of the Department of De-fense for defense contract audits. 
(D) An estimate of average delay and range of 
delays in contract awards due to time necessary for the Defense Contract Audit Agency to com-plete pre-award audits. 
(g) I
NCURRED COSTINVENTORY DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘incurred cost inventory’’ means the level of contractor incurred cost pro-posals in inventory from prior fiscal years that are currently being audited by the Defense Con-tract Audit Agency. 
SEC. 879. SURVEY ON THE COSTS OF REGU-
LATORY COMPLIANCE. 
(a) S URVEY .—The Secretary of Defense shall 
conduct a survey of the top ten contractors with the highest level of reimbursements for cost type contracts with the Department of Defense dur-ing fiscal year 2014 to estimate industry’s cost of regulatory compliance (as a percentage of total costs) with government unique acquisition regu-lations and requirements in the categories of quality assurance, accounting and financial management, contracting and purchasing, pro-gram management, engineering, logistics, mate-rial management, property administration, and other unique requirements not imposed on con-tracts for commercial items. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the findings of the survey conducted under subsection (a). The data received as a result of the survey and in-cluded in the report shall be aggregated to pro-tect against the public release of proprietary in-formation. SEC. 880. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-
FICE REPORT ON BID PROTESTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 270 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the prevalence and impact of bid protests on Department of Defense acquisi-tions over the previous 10 years, including both protests to the Government Accountability Of-fice and protests filed in Federal court. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing elements: 
(1) A description of trends in the number of 
bid protests filed, and the rate of such bid pro-tests compared to the number of procurements. 
(2) A description of comparative rates for bid 
protests filed by incumbent contractors and bid protests filed by non-incumbent contractors. 
(3) An assessment of the cost and schedule im-
pact of successful and unsuccessful bid protests filed by incumbent contractors on contracts for services with a value in excess of $100,000,000. 
(4) A description of trends in the number of 
bid protests filed and the rate of such bid pro-tests on contracts for the procurement of major defense acquisition programs. 
(5) An assessment of the cost and schedule im-
pact of successful and unsuccessful bid protests filed on contracts for the procurement of major defense acquisition programs. 
(6) A description of any views the Comptroller 
General may have on the likely impact of a pro-vision requiring a losing protester on a contract for the procurement of a major defense acquisi-tion program to pay the legal fees of the govern-ment. 
SEC. 881. STEPS TO IDENTIFY AND ADDRESS PO-
TENTIAL UNFAIR COMPETITIVE AD-VANTAGE OF TECHNICAL ADVISORS TO ACQUISITION OFFICIALS. 
(a) G UIDANCE REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall issue guidance on steps that should be taken to identify and evaluate, and to avoid, neutralize, or mitigate, any potentially unfair competitive advantage of entities providing technical advice to acquisition officials in the award of research and develop-ment work by such officials. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this sec-
tion— 
(1) the term ‘‘potentially unfair competitive 
advantage’’ means unequal access to acquisition officials responsible for award decisions or allo-cation of resources or to acquisition information relevant to award decisions or allocation of re-sources; and 
(2) the term ‘‘entity providing technical advice 
to acquisition officials’’ means a contractor, Federally-funded research and development center and other non-profit entity, or Federal laboratory that provides systems engineering and technical direction, participates in tech-nical evaluations, helps prepare specifications or work statements, or otherwise provides tech-nical advice to acquisition officials on the con-duct of defense acquisition programs. 
SEC. 882. HUBZONE QUALIFIED DISASTER AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Small Business Act (15 
U.S.C. 631 et seq.)) is amended— 
(1) in section 3(p) (15 U.S.C. 632(p))— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’; (ii) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) qualified disaster areas.’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(E) Q
UALIFIED DISASTER AREA .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified disaster 
area’ means any census tract or nonmetropoli-tan county located in an area for which the President has declared a major disaster under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4410 June 22, 2015 
Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 
5170) or located in an area in which a cata-strophic incident has occurred, if— 
‘‘(I) in the case of a census tract, the census 
tract ceased to be a qualified census tract dur-ing the period beginning 5 years before and end-ing 2 years after the date on which— 
‘‘(aa) the President declared the major dis-
aster; or 
‘‘(bb) the catastrophic incident occurred; or ‘‘(II) in the case of a nonmetropolitan county, 
the nonmetropolitan county ceased to be a qualified nonmetropolitan county during the pe-riod beginning 5 years before and ending 2 years after the date on which— 
‘‘(aa) the President declared the major dis-
aster; or 
‘‘(bb) the catastrophic incident occurred. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT .—A qualified disaster area 
shall only be treated as a HUBZone— 
‘‘(I) in the case of a major disaster declared by 
the President, during the 5-year period begin-ning on the date on which the President de-clared the major disaster for the area in which the census tract or nonmetropolitan county, as applicable, is located; and 
‘‘(II) in the case of a catastrophic incident, 
during the 10-year period beginning on the date on which the catastrophic incident occurred in the area in which the census tract or nonmetro-politan county, as applicable, is located.’’; and 
(2) in section 31(c)(3) (15 U.S.C. 657a(c)(3)), by 
inserting ‘‘the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Labor,’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by 
subsection (a) shall apply to a major disaster de-clared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) or a cata-strophic incident that occurs on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 883. BASE CLOSURE HUBZONES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3(p)(5)(A)(i)(I) of 
the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(5)(A)(i)(I)) is amended— 
(1) in item (aa), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating item (bb) as item (cc); and (3) by inserting after item (aa) the following: ‘‘(bb) pursuant to subparagraph (A), (B), (C), 
(D), or (E) of paragraph (3), that its principal office is located in a HUBZone described in paragraph (1)(E) (relating to base closure areas) (in this item referred to as the ‘base closure HUBZone’), and that not fewer than 35 percent of its employees reside in— 
‘‘(AA) a HUBZone; ‘‘(BB) the census tract in which the base clo-
sure HUBZone is wholly contained; 
‘‘(CC) a census tract the boundaries of which 
intersect the boundaries of the base closure HUBZone; or 
‘‘(DD) a census tract the boundaries of which 
are contiguous to a census tract described in subitem (BB) or (CC); or’’. 
(b) P
ERIOD FOR BASECLOSURE AREAS.— 
(1) A MENDMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 152(a)(2) of title I of 
division K of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005 (15 U.S.C. 632 note) is amended by striking ‘‘5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘8 years’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1698(b)(2) of National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (15 U.S.C. 632 note) is amended by striking ‘‘5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘8 years’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE ; APPLICABILITY .—The 
amendments made by paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) take effect on the date of enactment of 
this Act; and 
(B) apply to— (i) a base closure area (as defined in section 
3(p)(4)(D) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(4)(D))) that, on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, is treated as a HUBZone described in section 3(p)(1)(E) of the Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(1)(E)) under— (I) section 152(a)(2) of title I of division K of 
the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005 (15 U.S.C. 632 note); or 
(II) section 1698(b)(2) of National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (15 U.S.C. 632 note); and 
(ii) a base closure area relating to the closure 
of a military instillation under the authority de-scribed in clauses (i) through (iv) of section 3(p)(4)(D) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(4)(D)) that occurs on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 884. EXCEPTION FOR ABILITYONE GOODS 
FROM AUTHORITY TO ACQUIRE GOODS AND SERVICES MANUFAC-TURED IN AFGHANISTAN, AND CEN-TRAL ASIAN STATES. 
(a) E XCLUSION OF CERTAIN ITEMS NOTMANU-
FACTURED IN AFGHANISTAN .—Section 886 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and except 
as provided in subsection (d),’’ after ‘‘subsection (b),’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) E
XCLUSION OF ITEMS ON THE ABILITY ONE 
PROCUREMENT CATALOG .—The authority under 
subsection (a) shall not be available for the pro-curement of any good that is contained in the procurement catalog described in section 8503(a) of title 41 in Afghanistan if such good can be produced and delivered by a qualified non-profit agency for the blind or a non-profit agency for other severely disabled in a timely fashion to support mission requirements.’’. 
(b) E
XCLUSION OF CERTAIN ITEMS NOTMANU-
FACTURED IN CENTRAL ASIAN STATES .—Section 
801 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2399) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and except 
as provided in subsection (h),’’ after ‘‘subsection (b),’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(h) E
XCLUSION OF ITEMS ON THE ABILITY ONE 
PROCUREMENT CATALOG .—The authority under 
subsection (a) shall not be available for the pro-curement of any good that is contained in the procurement catalog described in section 8503(a) of title 41 if such good can be produced and de-livered by a qualified non-profit agency for the blind or a non-profit agency for other severely disabled in a timely fashion to support mission requirements.’’. 
SEC. 885. SMALL BUSINESS PROCUREMENT OM-
BUDSMAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The small business offices in 
the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the military departments shall serve as inter-mediaries between small businesses and con-tracting officials prior to the award of contracts in cases where a small business prospective con-tractor notifies the small business office that it has reason to believe that the contracting proc-ess has been modified to preclude a small busi-ness from bidding on the contract or would give another contractor an unfair competitive advan-tage. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to preclude a con-tractor from exercising the right to initiate a bid protest under a contract. 
SEC. 886. ANNUAL REPORT ON FOREIGN PRO-
CUREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2338. Reporting on foreign purchases 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the end of fiscal year 2016, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional defense committees a report listing specific procurements by the Department of Defense in that fiscal year of articles, materials, or supplies valued greater than $5,000,000, indexed to inflation, using the 
exception under section 8302(a)(2)(A) of title 41. This report may be submitted as part of the re-port required under section 8305 of such title. 
‘‘(b) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘appro-
priate congressional committees’ means the con-gressional defense committees, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representa-tives.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2337 the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘2338. Reporting on foreign purchases.’’. 
TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
SEC. 901. UPDATE OF STATUTORY SPECIFICATION 
OF FUNCTIONS OF CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RELAT-ING TO ADVICE ON REQUIREMENTS, PROGRAMS, AND BUDGET. 
Section 153(a)(4) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(H) Advising the Secretary on development 
of joint command, control, communications, and cyber capabilities, including integration and interoperability of such capabilities, through re-quirements, integrated architectures, data standards, and assessments.’’. 
SEC. 902. REORGANIZATION AND REDESIGNA-
TION OF OFFICE OF FAMILY POLICY AND OFFICE OF COMMUNITY SUP-PORT FOR MILITARY FAMILIES WITH SPECIAL NEEDS. 
(a) O FFICE OF FAMILY POLICY .— 
(1) R EDESIGNATION AS OFFICE OF MILITARY  
FAMILY READINESS POLICY .—Section 1781(a) of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘Office of Family Policy’’ and 
inserting ‘‘Office of Military Family Readiness Policy’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘Director of Family Policy’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Director of Military Family Readiness Policy’’. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR DIRECTOR TO BE MEM -
BER OF SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE OR GENERAL  
OR FLAG OFFICER .—Such section is further 
amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Director shall be a member of the Senior Executive Service or a general offi-cer or flag officer.’’. 
(3) I
NCLUSION OF DIRECTOR ON MILITARY FAM -
ILY READINESS COUNCIL .—Subsection (b)(1)(E) of 
section 1781a of such title is amended by striking ‘‘Office of Community Support for Military Families with Special Needs’’ and inserting ‘‘Of-fice of Military Family Readiness Policy’’. 
(4) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
131(b)(7)(F) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘Director of Family Policy’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-rector of Military Family Readiness Policy’’. 
(5) H
EADING AND CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 
1781 of such title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 1781. Office of Military Family Readiness 
Policy’’. 
(B) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 88 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 1781 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘1781. Office of Military Family Readiness Pol-
icy.’’. 
(b) O
FFICE OF COMMUNITY SUPPORT FOR MILI-
TARY FAMILIES WITHSPECIAL NEEDS.— 
(1) R EDESIGNATION AS OFFICE OF SPECIAL  
NEEDS .—Subsection (a) of section 1781c of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Office of Community Support for Military Families with Special Needs’’ and inserting ‘‘Of-fice of Special Needs’’. 
(2) R
EORGANIZATION UNDER OFFICE OF MILI -
TARY FAMILY READINESS POLICY .—Such sub-
section is further amended by striking ‘‘Office of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4411 June 22, 2015 
the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel 
and Readiness’’ and inserting ‘‘Office of Mili-tary Family Readiness Policy’’. 
(3) R
EPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR HEAD OF OF -
FICE TO BE MEMBER OF SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERV -
ICE OR GENERAL OR FLAG OFFICER .—Such section 
is further amended by striking subsection (c). 
(4) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such section 
is further amended— 
(A) by redesignating subsections (d) through 
(i) as subsections (c) through (h), respectively; 
(B) by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; 
(C) in subsection (c), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; and 
(D) in subsection (g), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘subsection (d)(4)’’ in paragraph (2)(B) and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(4)’’. 
(5) H
EADING AND CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) S ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such 
section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 1781c. Office of Special Needs’’. 
(B) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 88 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 1781c and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘1781c. Office of Special Needs.’’. 
SEC. 903. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR ANNUAL 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FUNDING FOR OCEAN RESEARCH ADVISORY PANEL. 
Section 7903 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by striking subsection (c). 
TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1001. GENERAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the 
Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this division for fiscal year 2016 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any sub-divisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be avail-able for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in para-
graph (3), the total amount of authorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the au-thority of this section may not exceed $4,500,000,000. 
(3) E
XCEPTION FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN MILI -
TARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS .—A transfer 
of funds between military personnel authoriza-tions under title IV shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in paragraph (2). 
(b) L
IMITATIONS .—The authority provided by 
subsection (a) to transfer authorizations— 
(1) may only be used to provide authority for 
items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is transferred; and 
(2) may not be used to provide authority for 
an item that has been denied authorization by Congress. 
(c) E
FFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—A 
transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. 
(d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall 
promptly notify Congress of each transfer made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1002. ANNUAL AUDIT OF FINANCIAL STATE-
MENTS OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE COMPONENTS BY INDE-PENDENT EXTERNAL AUDITORS. 
(a) A UDITS REQUIRED .—For purposes of satis-
fying the requirement under section 3521(e) of title 31, United States Code, for audits of finan-cial statements of Department of Defense compo-nents identified by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget under section 3515(c) 
of such title, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Defense shall obtain each year au-dits of the financial statements of each such component by an independent external auditor. 
(b) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL SELECTION AND OVER-
SIGHT .—The Inspector General shall— 
(1) select independent external auditors for 
purposes of subsection (a) based, among other appropriate criteria, on their qualifications, independence, and capacity to conduct audits described in subsection (a) in accordance with applicable generally accepted government audit-ing standards; and 
(2) shall monitor the conduct of such audits. (c) R
EPORTS ON AUDITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Inspector General shall 
require the independent external auditors con-ducting audits under subsection (a) to submit a report on their audits each year to the Secretary of Defense, the Controller of the Office of Fed-eral Financial Management in the Office of Management and Budget, and the appropriate committees of Congress. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
(d) R
ELATIONSHIP TO EXISTING LAW.—The re-
quirements of this section— 
(1) shall be implemented in a manner that is 
consistent with the requirements of section 1008 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (10 U.S.C. 2222 note); 
(2) shall not be construed to alter the require-
ment under section 3521(e) of title 31, United States Code, that the financial statements of the Department of Defense as a whole be audited by the Inspector General or by an independent ex-ternal auditor, as determined by the Inspector General; and 
(3) shall not be construed to limit or alter the 
authorities of the Comptroller General of the United States under section 3521(g) of title 31, United States Code. 
SEC. 1003. TREATMENT AS PART OF THE BASE 
BUDGET OF CERTAIN AMOUNTS AU-THORIZED FOR OVERSEAS CONTIN-GENCY OPERATIONS UPON ENACT-MENT OF AN ACT REVISING THE BUDGET CONTROL ACT DISCRE-TIONARY SPENDING LIMITS FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the event of the enact-
ment of an Act revising in proportionally equal amounts the defense and non-defense discre-tionary spending limits for fiscal year 2016, the amount authorized to be appropriated by title XV that is in excess of the $50,900,000,000 that is authorized to be appropriated by that title for revised security category activities, and is also not greater than the amount of the increase in the discretionary spending limit for revised secu-rity category activities revised by that Act, shall be deemed to have been authorized to be appro-priated by title III. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘Act revising the defense and 
non-defense discretionary spending limits for fiscal year 2016’’ means an Act— 
(A) enacted after the date of enactment of this 
Act; and 
(B) that— (i) increases in proportionally equal amounts 
the discretionary spending limits for fiscal year 2016 for the revised security category and the re-vised nonsecurity category; and 
(ii) may include increases to the discretionary 
spending limits for fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
(2) The terms ‘‘discretionary spending limit’’, 
‘‘revised nonsecurity category’’, and ‘‘revised security category’’ have the meanings given 
such terms in section 250 of the Balanced Budg-et and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900). 
SEC. 1004. SENSE OF SENATE ON SEQUESTRA-
TION. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) the nation’s fiscal challenges are a top pri-
ority for Congress, and sequestration—non-stra-tegic, across-the-board budget cuts—remains an unreasonable and inadequate budgeting tool to address the nation’s deficits and debt; 
(2) sequestration relief must be accomplished 
for fiscal years 2016 and 2017; 
(3) sequestration relief should include equal 
defense and non-defense relief; and 
(4) sequestration relief should be offset 
through targeted changes in mandatory and dis-cretionary categories and revenues. 
SEC. 1005. SENSE OF SENATE ON FINDING EFFI-
CIENCIES WITHIN THE WORKING CAPITAL FUND ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that the Secretary 
of Defense should, through the military depart-ments, continue to find efficiencies within the working capital fund activities of the Depart-ment of Defense with specific emphasis on opti-mizing the existing workload plans of such ac-tivities to ensure a strong organic industrial base workforce. 
Subtitle B—Counter-Drug Activities 
SEC. 1011. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO SUP-
PORT UNIFIED COUNTERDRUG AND COUNTERTERRORISM CAMPAIGN IN COLOMBIA. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 1021 
of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 2042), as most recently amend-ed by section 1011(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended— 
(1) In subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2017’’; and 
(2) In subsection (c), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(b) E
XTENSION OF ANNUAL NOTICE TO CON-
GRESS ON ASSISTANCE .—Section 1011(b) of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 is amended by striking ‘‘(as amended by subsection (a)) using funds available for fis-cal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘using funds avail-able for any fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 1012. EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF AU-
THORITY TO PROVIDE ADDITIONAL SUPPORT FOR COUNTER-DRUG AC-TIVITIES OF CERTAIN FOREIGN GOV-ERNMENTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a)(2) of section 
1033 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 111 Stat. 1881), as most recently amended by section 1013 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 844), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(b) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF SUPPORT .—Sub-
section (e)(2) of such section 1033, as so amend-ed, is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL GOVERNMENTS ELIGIBLE TO 
RECEIVE SUPPORT .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion 1033, as so amended, is further amended by adding at the end of the following new para-graphs: 
‘‘(40) Government of Kenya. ‘‘(41) Government of Tanzania. ‘‘(42) Government of Somalia.’’. 
Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
SEC. 1021. STUDIES OF FLEET PLATFORM ARCHI-
TECTURES FOR THE NAVY. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT STUDIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide for the performance of three inde-pendent studies of alternative future fleet plat-form architectures for the Navy in the 2030 time-frame. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4412 June 22, 2015 
(2) S UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
May 1, 2016, the Secretary shall forward the re-sults of each study to the congressional defense committees. 
(3) F
ORM.—Each such study shall be sub-
mitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex as necessary. 
(b) E
NTITIES TOPERFORM STUDIES .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall provide for the studies under subsection (a) to be performed as follows: 
(1) One study shall be performed by the De-
partment of the Navy and shall include partici-pants from— 
(A) the Office of Net Assessment within the 
Office of the Secretary of Defense; and 
(B) the Naval Surface Warfare Center Dahl-
gren Division. 
(2) The second study shall be performed by a 
federally funded research and development cen-ter. 
(3) The final study shall be conducted by an 
independent, non-governmental institute which is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code, and has rec-ognized credentials and expertise in national se-curity and military affairs. 
(c) P
ERFORMANCE OF STUDIES .— 
(1) I NDEPENDENT PERFORMANCE .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall require the three studies under this section to be conducted independ-ently of each other. 
(2) M
ATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED .—In per-
forming a study under this section, the organi-zation performing the study, while being aware of the current and projected fleet platform ar-chitectures, shall not be limited by the current or projected fleet platform architecture and shall consider the following matters: 
(A) The National Security Strategy of the 
United States. 
(B) Potential future threats to the United 
States and to United States naval forces in the 2030 timeframe. 
(C) Traditional roles and missions of United 
States naval forces. 
(D) Alternative roles and missions for United 
States naval forces. 
(E) Other government and non-government 
analyses that would contribute to the study through variations in study assumptions or po-tential scenarios. 
(F) The role of evolving technology on future 
naval forces, including unmanned systems. 
(G) Opportunities for reduced personnel and 
sustainment costs. 
(H) Current and projected capabilities of other 
United States military services that could affect force structure capability and capacity require-ments of United States naval forces. 
(d) S
TUDY RESULTS .—The results of each 
study under this section shall— 
(1) present the alternative fleet platform ar-
chitectures considered, with assumptions and possible scenarios identified for each; 
(2) provide for presentation of minority views 
of study participants; and 
(3) for the recommended architecture, pro-
vide— 
(A) the numbers, kinds, and sizes of vessels, 
the numbers and types of associated manned and unmanned vehicles, and the basic capabili-ties of each of those platforms; 
(B) other information needed to understand 
that architecture in basic form and the sup-porting analysis; 
(C) deviations from the current Annual Long- 
Range Plan for Construction of Naval Vessels required under section 231 of title 10, United States Code; 
(D) options to address ship classes that begin 
decommissioning prior to 2035; and 
(E) implications for naval aviation, including 
the future carrier air wing and land-based avia-tion platforms. 
SEC. 1022. AMENDMENT TO NATIONAL SEA-BASED 
DETERRENCE FUND. 
Section 1022(b)(1) of the Carl Levin and How-
ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 
113–291) is amended by striking ‘‘for the Navy for the Ohio Replacement Program’’. 
SEC. 1023. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR REIM-
BURSEMENT OF EXPENSES FOR CER-TAIN NAVY MESS OPERATIONS AFLOAT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (b) of section 1014 
of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4585), as amended by section 1021 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4348), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CLARIFYING AMEND -
MENTS .—Subsection (a) of such section, as so 
amended, is further amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘not more that’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Naval ves-
sels’’ and inserting ‘‘such vessels’’. 
SEC. 1024. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SUP-
PORTING LONG-RANGE PLANS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF NAVAL VESSELS. 
Section 231(b)(2)(C) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘by ship class in both graphical and tabular form’’ after ‘‘The es-timated levels of annual funding’’. 
SEC. 1025. REPORT AND ASSESSMENT OF POTEN-
TIAL COSTS AND BENEFITS OF PRIVATIZING DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE COMMISSARIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report as-sessing the viability of privatizing, in whole or in part, the Department of Defense commissary system. The report shall be so submitted to Con-gress before the development of any plans or pilot program to privatize defense commissaries or the defense commissary system. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required by 
subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
(1) A methodology for defining the total num-
ber and locations of commissaries. 
(2) An evaluation of commissary use by loca-
tion in the following beneficiary categories: 
(A) Pay grades E–1 through E–4. (B) Pay grades E–5 through E–7. (C) Pay grades E–8 and E–9. (D) Pay grades O–1 through O–3. (E) Pay grades O–4 through O–6. (F) Pay grades O–7 through O–10. (G) Military retirees. (3) An evaluation of commissary use in loca-
tions outside the continental United States and in remote and isolated locations in the conti-nental United States when compared with other locations. 
(4) An evaluation of the cost of commissary 
operations during fiscal years 2009 through 2014. 
(5) An assessment of potential savings and ef-
ficiencies to be achieved through implementa-tion of some or all of recommendations of the Military Compensation and Retirement Mod-ernization Commission. 
(6) A description and evaluation of the strat-
egy of the Defense Commissary Agency for pric-ing products sold at commissaries. 
(7) A description and evaluation of the trans-
portation strategy of the Defense Commissary Agency for products sold at commissaries. 
(8) A description and evaluation of the for-
mula of the Defense Commissary Agency for cal-culating savings for its customers as a result of its pricing strategy. 
(9) An evaluation of the average savings per 
household garnered by commissary use. 
(10) A description and evaluation of the use of 
private contractors and vendors as part of the defense commissary system. 
(11) An assessment of costs or savings, and po-
tential impacts to patrons and the Government, of privatizing the defense commissary system, 
including potential increased use of Government assistance programs. 
(12) A description and assessment of potential 
barriers to privatization of the defense com-missary system. 
(13) An assessment of the extent to which pa-
tron savings would remain after the privatiza-tion of the defense commissary system. 
(14) An assessment of the impact of any rec-
ommended changes to the operation of the de-fense commissary system on commissary patrons, including morale and retention. 
(15) An assessment of the actual interest of 
major grocery retailers in the management and operations of all, or part, of the existing defense commissary system. 
(16) An assessment of the impact of privatiza-
tion of the defense commissary system on off-in-stallation prices of similar products available in the system. 
(17) An assessment of the impact of privatiza-
tion of the defense commissary system, and con-version of the Defense Commissary Agency workforce to non-appropriated fund status, on employment of military family members, particu-larly with respect to pay, benefits, and job secu-rity. 
(18) An assessment of the impact of privatiza-
tion of the defense commissary system on Ex-changes and Morale, Welfare and Recreation (MWR) quality-of-life programs. 
(c) U
SE OF PREVIOUS STUDIES .—The Secretary 
shall consult previous studies and surveys on matters appropriate to the report required by subsection (a), including, but not limited to, the following: 
(1) The January 2015 Final Report of the Mili-
tary Compensation and Retirement Moderniza-tion Commission. 
(2) The 2014 Military Family Lifestyle Survey 
Comprehensive Report. 
(3) The 2013 Living Patterns Survey. (4) The report required by section 634 of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) on the manage-ment, food, and pricing options for the defense commissary system. 
(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT OF  
REPORT .—Not later than May 1, 2016, the Comp-
troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Sen-ate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth an assessment by the Comptroller General of the report required by subsection (a). Section 652 of this Act shall be null and void. 
SEC. 1026. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE DEFINITION OF AND POLICY REGARDING SOFTWARE SUSTAINMENT. 
(a) R EPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF DEFINITION  
ANDPOLICY .—Not later than March 15, 2016, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees and the President pro tempore of the Senate a report setting forth an assessment, obtained by the Secretary for pur-poses of the report, on the definition used by the Department of Defense for and the policy of the Department regarding software maintenance, particularly with respect to the totality of the term ‘‘software sustainment’’ in the definition of ‘‘depot-level maintenance and repair’’ under section 2460 of title 10, United States Code. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—The assess-
ment obtained for purposes of subsection (a) shall be conducted by a federally funded re-search and development center (FFRDC), or an-other appropriate independent entity with ex-pertise in matters described in subsection (a), se-lected by the Secretary for purposes of the as-sessment. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The assessment obtained for 
purposes of subsection (a) shall address, with respect to software and weapon systems of the Department of Defense (including space sys-tems), each of the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4413 June 22, 2015 
(A) Fiscal ramifications of current programs 
with regard to the size, scope, and cost of soft-ware to the program’s overall budget, including embedded and support software, percentage of weapon systems’ functionality controlled by software, and reliance on proprietary data, processes, and components. 
(B) Legal status of the Department in regards 
to adhering to section 2464(a)(1) of such title with respect to ensuring a ready and controlled source of maintenance and sustainment on soft-ware for its weapon systems. 
(C) Operational risks and reduction to mate-
riel readiness of current Department weapon systems related to software costs, delays, re- work, integration and functional testing, de-fects, and documentation errors. 
(D) Other matters as identified by the Sec-
retary. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL MATTERS .—For each of sub-
paragraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1), the assessment obtained for purposes of sub-section (a) shall include review and analysis re-garding sole-source contracts, range of competi-tion, rights in technical data, public and private capabilities, integration lab initial costs and sustaining operations, and total obligation au-thority costs of software, disaggregated by armed service, for the Department. 
(d) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT .—The 
Secretary of Defense shall provide the inde-pendent entity described in subsection (b) with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, and analysis so that the entity may conduct a thorough and independent assessment as required under such subsection. 
Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
SEC. 1031. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO 
CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No amounts authorized to 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise avail-able for the Department of Defense may be used, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the effec-tive date specified in section 1032(f), to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house an individual detained at Guantanamo for the purpose of de-tention or imprisonment in the custody or con-trol of the United States Government unless au-thorized by Congress. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—The prohibition in subsection 
(a) shall not apply to any modification of facili-ties at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba. 
(c) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘individual 
detained at Guantanamo’’ means any indi-vidual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(1) is not a citizen of the United States or a 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of the 
Department of Defense; or 
(B) otherwise under detention at United 
States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED PROHIBITION .— 
Section 1033 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 850), as amended by section 1032 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is repealed. 
SEC. 1032. LIMITATION ON THE TRANSFER OR RE-
LEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), no amounts authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise available for the Department of Defense may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or 
within the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
(1) is not a United States citizen or a member 
of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is or was held on or after January 20, 2009, 
at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
(b) T
RANSFER FOR DETENTION AND TRIAL.— 
The Secretary of Defense may transfer a de-tainee described in subsection (a) to the United States for detention pursuant to the Authoriza-tion for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107– 40), trial, and incarceration if the Secretary— 
(1) determines that the transfer is in the na-
tional security interest of the United States; 
(2) determines that appropriate actions have 
been taken, or will be taken, to address any risk to public safety that could arise in connection with detention and trial in the United States; and 
(3) notifies the appropriate committees of Con-
gress not later than 30 days before the date of the proposed transfer. 
(c) N
OTIFICATION ELEMENTS .—A notification 
on a transfer under subsection (b)(3) shall in-clude the following: 
(1) A statement of the basis for the determina-
tion that the transfer is in the national security interest of the United States. 
(2) A description of the action the Secretary 
determines have been taken, or will be taken, to address any risk to the public safety that could arise in connection with the detention and trial in the United States. 
(d) S
TATUS WHILE IN THE UNITED STATES .—A 
detainee who is transferred to the United States under this section— 
(1) shall not be permitted to apply for asylum 
under section 208 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158) or be eligible to apply for admission into the United States; 
(2) shall be considered to be paroled into the 
United States temporarily pursuant to section 212(d)(5)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(5)(A)); 
(3) shall not at any time be subject to, and 
may not apply for or obtain, or be deemed to enjoy, any right, privilege, status, benefit, or eligibility for any benefit under any provision of the immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)), or any other law or regulation; and 
(4) shall not, as a result of such transfer, have 
a change in designation as an unprivileged enemy belligerent eligible for detention pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force, as determined in accordance with applicable law and regulations. 
(e) L
IMITATIONS ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .— 
(1) L IMITATIONS .—Except as provided for in 
paragraph (2), no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider any action against the United States or its agents relating to any aspect of the detention, transfer, treat-ment, or conditions of confinement of a detainee described in subsection (a) who is held by the Armed Forces of the United States. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—A detainee who is transferred 
to the United States under this section shall not be deprived of the right to challenge his des-ignation as an unprivileged enemy belligerent by filing a writ of habeas corpus as provided by the Supreme Court in Hamdan v. Rumsfeld (548 U.S. 557 (2006)) and Boumediene v. Bush (553 U.S. 723 (2008)). 
(3) N
O CAUSE OF ACTION IN DECISION NOT TO  
TRANSFER .—A decision not to transfer a de-
tainee to the United States under this section shall not give rise to a judicial cause of action. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsections (b), (c), (d), 
and (e) shall take effect on the effective date of a joint resolution approved pursuant to sub-section (h) on the plan on the disposition of de-tainees held at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, submitted pursuant to subsection (g). (g) P
LAN FOR DISPOSITION OF DETAINEES .— 
(1) R EPORT ON PLAN REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report setting forth a comprehensive plan on the disposition of detainees held at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall contain the following: 
(A) A case-by-case determination made for 
each individual detained at Guantanamo of whether such individual is intended to be trans-ferred to a foreign country, transferred to the United States for the purpose of civilian or mili-tary trial, or transferred to the United States or another country for continued detention under the law of armed conflict. 
(B) The specific facility or facilities that are 
intended to be used, or modified to be used, to hold individuals inside the United States for the purpose of trial, for detention in the aftermath of conviction, or for continued detention under the law of armed conflict. 
(C) The estimated costs associated with the 
detention inside the United States of individuals detained at Guantanamo. 
(D) A description of the legal implications as-
sociated with the detention inside the United States of an individual detained at Guanta-namo, including but not limited to the right to challenge such detention as unlawful. 
(E) A detailed description and assessment, 
made in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, of the actions that would be taken prior to the transfer to a foreign country of an individual detained at Guantanamo that would substantially miti-gate the risk of such individual engaging or re-engaging in any terrorist or other hostile activ-ity that threatens the United States or United States person or interests. 
(F) What additional authorities, if any, may 
be necessary to detain an individual detained at Guantanamo inside the United States as an unprivileged enemy belligerent pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force, pend-ing the end of hostilities or a future determina-tion by the Secretary of Defense that such indi-vidual no longer poses a threat to the United States or United States persons or interests. 
(G) A plan for the disposition of any individ-
uals who are detained by the United States under the law of armed conflict after the date of the report, including a plan to detain and inter-rogate such individuals for the purposes of— 
(i) protecting the security of the United 
States, its persons, allies, and interests; and 
(ii) collecting intelligence necessary to ensure 
the security of the United States, its person, al-lies, and interests. 
(3) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph 
(1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(h) C
ONSIDERATION BY CONGRESS OF SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE PLAN.— 
(1) T ERMS OF THE RESOLUTION .—For purposes 
of this section the term ‘‘joint resolution’’ means only a joint resolution which is introduced within the 10-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to Congress a report under subsection (g) and— 
(A) which does not have a preamble; (B) the matter after the resolving clause of 
which is as follows: ‘‘That Congress approves the plan of the Secretary of Defense on the dis-position of detainees held at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, under section 1032(g) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 as submitted by the Secretary of Defense to Congress on llllll ’’, the blank space being filled in 
with the appropriate date; and 
(C) the title of which is as follows: ‘‘Joint res-
olution approving the plan of the Secretary of Defense on the disposition of detainees held at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.’’. 
(2) R
EFERRAL .—A resolution described in 
paragraph (1) that is introduced in the House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4414 June 22, 2015 
Representatives shall be referred to the Com-
mittee on Armed Services of the House of Rep-resentatives. A resolution described in para-graph (1) introduced in the Senate shall be re-ferred to the Committee on Armed Services of the 
Senate. 
(3) D
ISCHARGE .—If the committee to which a 
resolution described in paragraph (1) is referred has not reported such resolution (or an identical resolution) by the end of the 20-day period be-ginning on the date on which the Secretary sub-mits to Congress a report under subsection (g), such committee shall be, at the end of such pe-riod, discharged from further consideration of such resolution, and such resolution shall be placed on the appropriate calendar of the House involved. 
(4) C
ONSIDERATION .—(A) On or after the third 
day after the date on which the committee to which such a resolution is referred has reported, or has been discharged (under paragraph (3)) from further consideration of, such a resolution, it is in order (even though a previous motion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for any Member of the respective House to move to pro-ceed to the consideration of the resolution. A Member may make the motion only on the day after the calendar day on which the Member an-nounces to the House concerned the Member’s intention to make the motion, except that, in the case of the House of Representatives, the motion may be made without such prior announcement if the motion is made by direction of the com-mittee to which the resolution was referred. All points of order against the resolution (and against consideration of the resolution) are waived. The motion is highly privileged in the House of Representatives and is privileged in the Senate and is not debatable. The motion is not subject to amendment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the con-sideration of other business. A motion to recon-sider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the resolution is agreed to, the respective House shall imme-diately proceed to consideration of the joint res-olution without intervening motion, order, or other business, and the resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the respective House until disposed of. 
(B) Debate on the resolution, and on all de-
batable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 2 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those opposing the resolu-tion. An amendment to the resolution is not in order. A motion further to limit debate is in order and not debatable. A motion to postpone, or a motion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the reso-lution is not in order. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the resolution is agreed to or dis-agreed to is not in order. 
(C) Immediately following the conclusion of 
the debate on a resolution described in para-graph (1) and a single quorum call at the con-clusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the appropriate House, the vote on final passage of the resolution shall occur. 
(D) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair 
relating to the application of the rules of the Senate or the House of Representatives, as the case may be, to the procedure relating to a reso-lution described in paragraph (1) shall be de-cided without debate. 
(5) C
ONSIDERATION BY OTHER HOUSE .—(A) If, 
before the passage by one House of a resolution of that House described in paragraph (1), that House receives from the other House a resolu-tion described in paragraph (1), then the fol-lowing procedures shall apply: 
(i) The resolution of the other House shall not 
be referred to a committee and may not be con-sidered in the House receiving it except in the case of final passage as provided in clause (ii)(II). (ii) With respect to a resolution described in 
paragraph (1) of the House receiving the resolu-tion— 
(I) the procedure in that House shall be the 
same as if no resolution had been received from the other House; but 
(II) the vote on final passage shall be on the 
resolution of the other House. 
(B) Upon disposition of the resolution received 
from the other House, it shall no longer be in order to consider the resolution that originated in the receiving House. 
(6) R
ULES OF THE SENATE AND THE HOUSE OF  
REPRESENTATIVES .—This subsection is enacted 
by Congress— 
(A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of 
the Senate and House of Representatives, re-spectively, and as such it is deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a resolution de-scribed in paragraph (1), and it supersedes other rules only to the extent that it is inconsistent with such rules; and 
(B) with full recognition of the constitutional 
right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
(i) L
IMITATION ON TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF  
DETAINEES TRANSFERRED TO THE UNITED  
STATES .— 
(1) L IMITATION PENDING ENACTMENT OF JOINT  
RESOLUTION APPROVING PLAN .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law and subject to para-graph (2), any individual detained at Guanta-namo who is transferred to the United States after the date of the enactment of this Act shall not be released within the United States or its territories, and may only be transferred or re-leased in accordance with the procedures under section 1033. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON TRANSFER OVERSEAS AFTER  
ENACTMENT OF JOINT RESOLUTION APPROVING  
PLAN.—Effective on the effective date specified 
in subsection (f)— 
(A) the provisions of section 1035 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 851; 10 U.S.C. 801 note), as previously repealed by sec-tion 1033, shall be revived; 
(B) the procedures under such section 1035, as 
so revived, shall apply to the transfer of individ-uals detained at Guantanamo to foreign coun-tries rather than the procedures under section1033; and 
(C) in the application of procedures under 
such section 1035 as described in subparagraph (B), any reference to an individual detained at Guantanamo shall be deemed to refer also to any such individual transferred to the United States after such effective date. 
(j) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED PROHIBITION .— 
Section 1034 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 851), as amended by section 1033 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is repealed. 
(k) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guanta-
namo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or a 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of the 
Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SEC. 1033. REENACTMENT AND MODIFICATION OF 
CERTAIN PRIOR REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTIFICATIONS RELATING TO TRANSFER OF DETAINEES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO FOR-EIGN COUNTRIES AND OTHER FOR-EIGN ENTITIES. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED PRIOR TO TRANS-
FER.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2) and subsection (d), the Secretary of Defense may not use any amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise available to the Department of Defense to transfer any indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity unless the Secretary submits to the appro-priate committees of Congress the certification described in subsection (b) not later than 30 days before the transfer of the individual. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to any action taken by the Secretary to transfer any individual detained at Guanta-namo to effectuate an order affecting the dis-position of the individual that is issued by a court or competent tribunal of the United States having lawful jurisdiction (which the Secretary shall notify the appropriate committees of Con-gress of promptly after issuance). 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—A certification described 
in this subsection is a written certification made by the Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State and in consulta-tion with the Director of National Intelligence, that— 
(1) the government of the foreign country or 
the recognized leadership of the foreign entity to which the individual detained at Guantanamo is to be transferred— 
(A) is not a designated state sponsor of ter-
rorism or a designated foreign terrorist organi-zation; 
(B) maintains control over each detention fa-
cility in which the individual is to be detained if the individual is to be housed in a detention facility; 
(C) is not, as of the date of the certification, 
facing a threat that is likely to substantially af-fect its ability to exercise control over the indi-vidual; 
(D) has taken or agreed to take effective ac-
tions to ensure that the individual cannot take action to threaten the United States, its citizens, or its allies in the future; 
(E) has taken or agreed to take such actions 
as the Secretary of Defense determines are nec-essary to ensure that the individual cannot en-gage or reengage in any terrorist activity; and 
(F) has agreed to share with the United States 
any information that— 
(i) is related to the individual or any associ-
ates of the individual; and 
(ii) could affect the security of the United 
States, its citizens, or its allies; 
(2) the United States Government and the gov-
ernment of the foreign country have entered into a written memorandum of understanding (MOU) regarding the transfer of the individual and such memorandum of understanding has previously been transmitted to the appropriate committees of Congress; and 
(3) includes an assessment, in classified or un-
classified form, of the capacity, willingness, and past practices (if applicable) of the foreign country or entity in relation to the Secretary’s certifications. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION IN CASES OF PRIOR CON-
FIRMED RECIDIVISM .— 
(1) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2) and subsection (d), the Secretary of Defense may not use any amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise available to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4415 June 22, 2015 
Department of Defense to transfer any indi-
vidual detained at Guantanamo to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity if there is a confirmed case of any indi-vidual who was detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, at any time after September 11, 2001, who was transferred to such foreign country or entity and subsequently engaged in any terrorist activity. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Subject to subsection (e), 
paragraph (1) shall not apply to any action taken by the Secretary to transfer any indi-vidual detained at Guantanamo to effectuate an order affecting the disposition of the individual that is issued by a court or competent tribunal of the United States having lawful jurisdiction (which the Secretary shall notify the appro-priate committees of Congress of promptly after issuance). 
(d) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (e), the 
Secretary of Defense may waive the applica-bility to a detainee transfer of a certification re-quirement specified in subparagraph (D) or (E) of subsection (b)(1), or the prohibition in sub-section (c), if the Secretary certifies the rest of the criteria required by subsection (b) for trans-fers prohibited by subsection (c) and, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and in consultation with the Director of National Intel-ligence, determines that— 
(A) alternative actions will be taken to ad-
dress the underlying purpose of the requirement or requirements to be waived; 
(B) in the case of a waiver of subparagraph 
(D) or (E) of subsection (b)(1), it is not possible to certify that the risks addressed in the para-graph to be waived have been completely elimi-nated, but the actions to be taken under sub-paragraph (A) will substantially mitigate such risks with regard to the individual to be trans-ferred; 
(C) in the case of a waiver of subsection (c), 
the Secretary has considered any confirmed case in which an individual who was transferred to the country subsequently engaged in terrorist activity, and the actions to be taken under sub-paragraph (A) will substantially mitigate the risk of recidivism with regard to the individual to be transferred; and 
(D) the transfer is in the national security in-
terests of the United States. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Whenever the Secretary makes 
a determination under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress, not later than 30 days before the transfer of the individual concerned, the fol-lowing: 
(A) A copy of the determination and the waiv-
er concerned. 
(B) A statement of the basis for the determina-
tion, including— 
(i) an explanation why the transfer is in the 
national security interests of the United States; 
(ii) in the case of a waiver of paragraph (D) 
or (E) of subsection (b)(1), an explanation why it is not possible to certify that the risks ad-dressed in the paragraph to be waived have been completely eliminated; and 
(iii) a classified summary of— (I) the individual’s record of cooperation 
while in the custody of or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; and 
(II) the agreements and mechanisms in place 
to provide for continuing cooperation. 
(C) A summary of the alternative actions to be 
taken to address the underlying purpose of, and to mitigate the risks addressed in, the paragraph or subsection to be waived. 
(D) The assessment required by subsection 
(b)(2). 
(e) R
ECORD OF COOPERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In assessing the risk that an 
individual detained at Guantanamo will engage in terrorist activity or other actions that could affect the security of the United States if re-leased for the purpose of making a certification under subsection (b) or a waiver under sub-
section (d), the Secretary of Defense may give favorable consideration to any such indi-vidual— 
(A) who has substantially cooperated with 
United States intelligence and law enforcement authorities, pursuant to a pre-trial agreement, while in the custody of or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; and 
(B) for whom agreements and effective mecha-
nisms are in place, to the extent relevant and necessary, to provide for continued cooperation with United States intelligence and law enforce-ment authorities. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Each certification under sub-
section (b) or report under subsection (d)(2) that includes an assessment in which favorable con-sideration was given an individual as described in paragraph (1) shall also include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A description of the cooperation for which 
favorable consideration was so given. 
(B) A description of operational outcomes, if 
any, affected by such cooperation. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1)(A) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(i) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and the Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(ii) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(B) In connection with a certification made 
under subsection (b), the term also includes the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, but only with respect to the submittal to such committees of a copy of the written memorandum of understanding con-cerned described in subsection (b)(2). 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guanta-
namo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or a 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of the 
Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(3) The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ 
means any organization so designated by the Secretary of State under section 219 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). 
(4) The term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 301(13) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Account-ability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8541(13)). 
(g) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED REQUIREMENTS  
ANDLIMITATIONS .—Section 1035 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 851; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 1034. AUTHORITY TO TEMPORARILY TRANS-
FER INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES FOR EMERGENCY OR CRITICAL MEDICAL TREATMENT. 
(a) T RANSFER FOR EMERGENCY OR CRITICAL  
MEDICAL TREATMENT AUTHORIZED .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this subtitle, or any other provision of law enacted after Sep-tember 30, 2013, but subject to subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense may temporarily transfer any individual detained at Guantanamo to a Department of Defense medical facility in the United States for the sole purpose of providing the individual medical treatment if the Sec-retary determines that— 
(1) the Senior Medical Officer, Joint Task 
Force–Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, has determined that the medical treatment is necessary to pre-vent death or imminent significant injury or 
harm to the health of the individual; 
(2) based on the recommendation of the Senior 
Medical Officer, Joint Task Force–Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, the medical treatment is not avail-able to be provided at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, without incur-ring excessive and unreasonable costs; 
(3) the Department of Defense has provided 
for appropriate security measures for the cus-tody and control of the individual during any period in which the individual is temporarily in the United States under this subsection; and 
(4) except in cases involving the especially im-
mediate need for the provision of medical treat-ment to prevent death or imminent significant injury or harm to the health of the individual, the estimated aggregate cost of providing the in-dividual medical treatment in a Department of Defense medical facility in the United States (including the cost of transferring and securing the individual in such facility during any period in which the individual is temporarily in the United States for treatment and the cost of treatment) would be less than the estimated cost of providing the individual such medical treat-ment at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay. 
(b) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS REQUIRED BEFORE  
TRANSFER .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to the require-
ments in subsection (a), an individual may not be temporarily transferred under the authority in that subsection unless the Secretary of De-fense submits to the appropriate committees of Congress the notice described in paragraph (2)— 
(A) not later than 30 days before the date of 
the proposed transfer; or 
(B) if notice cannot be provided in accordance 
with subparagraph (A) because of an especially immediate need for the provision of medical treatment to prevent death or imminent signifi-cant injury or harm to the health of the indi-vidual, as soon as is practicable, but not later than 5 days after the date of transfer. 
(2) N
OTICE ELEMENTS .—The notice on the 
transfer of an individual under this subsection shall include the following: 
(A) A statement of the basis for the determina-
tion that the transfer is necessary to prevent death or imminent significant injury or harm to the health of the individual. 
(B) The specific Department of Defense med-
ical facility that will provide medical treatment to the individual. 
(C) A description of the actions the Secretary 
determines have been taken, or will be taken, to address any risk to the public safety that could arise in connection with the provision of med-ical treatment to the individual in the United States. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON EXERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— 
The authority of the Secretary of Defense under subsection (a) may be exercised only by the Sec-retary of Defense or by another official of the Department of Defense at the level of Under Secretary of Defense or higher. 
(d) C
ONDITIONS OF TRANSFER .—An individual 
who is temporarily transferred under the au-thority in subsection (a) shall— 
(1) while in the United States, remain in the 
custody and control of the Secretary of Defense at all times; and 
(2) be returned to United States Naval Station, 
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as soon as feasible after a Department of Defense physician deter-mines that— 
(A) the individual is medically cleared to trav-
el; and 
(B) in consultation with the Commander, 
Joint Task Force–Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, any necessary follow-up medical care may reason-ably be provided the individual at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
(e) S
TATUS WHILE IN UNITED STATES .—An in-
dividual who is temporarily transferred under the authority in subsection (a), while in the United States— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4416 June 22, 2015 
(1) shall be deemed at all times and in all re-
spects to be in the uninterrupted custody of the Secretary of Defense, as though the individual remained physically at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; 
(2) shall not at any time be subject to, and 
may not apply for or obtain, or be deemed to enjoy, any right, privilege, status, benefit, or eligibility for any benefit under any provision of the immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)), or any other law or regulation; 
(3) shall not be permitted to avail himself of 
any right, privilege, or benefit of any law of the United States beyond those available to individ-uals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; and 
(4) shall not, as a result of such transfer, have 
a change in any designation that may have at-tached to that detainee while detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40), as deter-mined in accordance with applicable law and regulations.. 
(f) J
UDICIAL REVIEW PRECLUDED .— 
(1) N O CREATION OF ENFORCEABLE RIGHTS .— 
Nothing in this section is intended to create any enforceable right or benefit, or any claim or cause of action, by any party against the United States, or any other person or entity. 
(2) L
IMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .—Except 
as provided in paragraph (3), no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or con-sider any claim or action against the United States or its agents relating to any aspect of the detention, transfer, treatment, or conditions of confinement of an individual transferred under this section. 
(3) H
ABEAS CORPUS .— 
(A) J URISDICTION .—The United States District 
Court for the District of Columbia shall have ex-clusive jurisdiction to consider an application for writ of habeas corpus challenging the fact or duration of detention and seeking release from custody filed by or on behalf of an individual who is in the United States pursuant to a tem-porary transfer under subsection (a). Such juris-diction shall be limited to that required by the Constitution with respect to the fact or duration of detention. 
(B) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY .—A court order in a 
proceeding covered by paragraph (3) may not— 
(i) review, halt, or stay the return of the indi-
vidual who is the object of the application to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, including pursuant to subsection (d); or 
(ii) order the release of the individual within 
the United States. 
(g) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall notify the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives of any temporary transfer of an individual under the authority in subsection (a) not later than 5 days after the transfer of the individual under that authority. 
(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guanta-
namo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or a 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of the 
Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 1035. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE TO YEMEN OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, 
no amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise available for the Depart-ment of Defense may be used, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to trans-fer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the Republic of Yemen or any entity within Yemen. 
SEC. 1036. REPORT ON CURRENT DETAINEES AT 
UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, DETER-MINED OR ASSESSED TO BE HIGH RISK OR MEDIUM RISK. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the ap-propriate committees and members of Congress a report, in unclassified form, setting forth a list of the individuals detained at Guantanamo as of the date of the enactment of this Act who have been determined or assessed by Joint Task Force Guantanamo, at any time before the date of the report, to be a high-risk or medium-risk threat to the United States, its interests, or its allies. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report under subsection 
(a) shall set forth, for each individual covered by the report, the following: 
(1) The name and country of origin. (2) The date on which first designated or as-
sessed as a high-risk or medium-risk threat to the United States, its interests, or its allies. 
(3) Whether, as of the date of the report, cur-
rently designated or assessed as a high-risk or medium-risk threat to the United States, its in-terests, or its allies. 
(4) If the designation or assessment changed 
between the date specified pursuant to para-graph (2) and the date of the report, the year and month in which the designation or assess-ment changed and the designation or assessment to which changed. 
(5) To the extent practicable, without jeopard-
izing intelligence sources and methods— 
(A) prior actions in support of terrorism, hos-
tile actions against the United States or its al-lies, gross violations of human rights, and other violations of international law; and 
(B) any affiliations with al Qaeda, al Qaeda 
affiliates, or other terrorist groups. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees and 
members of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; 
(B) the Majority Leader and the Minority 
Leader of the Senate; 
(C) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
(D) the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guanta-
namo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or a 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of the 
Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 1037. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON MEMO-
RANDA OF UNDERSTANDING WITH FOREIGN COUNTRIES REGARDING TRANSFER OF DETAINEES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall transmit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report setting forth the written memorandum of understanding between the United States Government and the government of the foreign country concerned re-garding each individual detained at Guanta-namo who was transferred to a foreign country during the 18-month period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) S
TATEMENT ON LACK OF MOU .—If an indi-
vidual detained at Guantanamo was transferred to a foreign country during the period described in paragraph (1) and no memorandum of under-standing exists between the United States Gov-ernment and the government of the foreign country regarding such individual, the report under paragraph (1) shall include an unclassi-fied statement of that fact. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Represent-atives. 
(2) The term ‘‘individual detained at Guanta-
namo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
(A) is not a citizen of the United States or a 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(B) is— (i) in the custody or under the control of the 
Department of Defense; or 
(ii) otherwise under detention at United States 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
SEC. 1038. SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON USE OF 
UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, AND ANY OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OR BUREAU OF PRISONS PRISON OR OTHER DETENTION OR DISCIPLI-NARY FACILITY IN RECRUITMENT AND OTHER PROPAGANDA OF TER-RORIST ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than six months 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every six months thereafter, the Secretary of De-fense shall, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, submit to Congress a re-port on the use by terrorist organizations and their leaders of images and symbols relating to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any other Department of Defense or Bureau of Prisons prison or other detention or disciplinary facility for recruitment and other propaganda purposes during the six-month pe-riod ending on the date of such report. Each re-port shall include the following: 
(1) A description and assessment of the effec-
tiveness of the use of such images and symbols for recruitment and other propaganda purposes. 
(2) A description and assessment of the efforts 
of the United States Government to counter the use of such images and symbols for such pur-poses and to disseminate accurate information about such facilities. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL MATERIAL IN FIRSTREPORT .— 
The first report under subsection (a) shall in-clude a description of the use by terrorist orga-nizations and their leaders of images and sym-bols relating to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any other Depart-ment of Defense or Bureau of Prisons prison or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4417 June 22, 2015 
other detention or disciplinary facility for re-
cruitment and other propaganda purposes be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1039. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITY TO MAKE REWARDS FOR COMBATING TERRORISM. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY TOMAKERE-
WARDS THROUGH GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL OF  
ALLIED FORCES .—Subsection (c)(3)(C) of section 
127b of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Subsection (f)(2) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) by striking subparagraph (D); (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), 
and (G), as subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F), re-spectively; and 
(3) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including in which countries the program is being operated’’. 
(c) R
EPORT ON DESIGNATION OF COUNTRIES  
FORWHICH REWARDS MAYBEPAID.—Such sec-
tion is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) R
EPORT ON DESIGNATION OF COUNTRIES  
FORWHICH REWARDS MAYBEPAID.—Not later 
than 15 days after the date on which the Sec-retary designates a country as a country in which an operation or activity of the armed forces is occurring in connection with which re-wards may be paid under this section, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the designation. Each report shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) The country so designated. ‘‘(2) The reason for the designation of the 
country. 
‘‘(3) A justification for the designation of the 
country for purposes of this section.’’. 
(d) C
HANGE OF SECTION HEADING TOREFLECT  
NAME OF PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The heading of such section 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 127b. Department of Defense Rewards Pro-
gram’’. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 127b and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘127b. Department of Defense Rewards Pro-
gram.’’. 
SEC. 1040. REAFFIRMATION OF THE PROHIBITION 
ON TORTURE. 
(a) L IMITATION ON INTERROGATION TECH-
NIQUES TO THOSE IN THE ARMY FIELD MAN-
UAL.— 
(1) A RMY FIELD MANUAL 2 –22.3 DEFINED .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘‘Army Field Manual 2–22.3’’ means the Army Field Manual 2–22.3 en-titled ‘‘Human Intelligence Collector Oper-ations’’ in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act or any similar successor Army Field Manual. 
(2) R
ESTRICTION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An individual described in 
subparagraph (B) shall not be subjected to any interrogation technique or approach, or any treatment related to interrogation, that is not authorized by and listed in the Army Field Manual 2–22.3. 
(B) I
NDIVIDUAL DESCRIBED .—An individual 
described in this subparagraph is an individual who is— 
(i) in the custody or under the effective con-
trol of an officer, employee, or other agent of the United States Government; or 
(ii) detained within a facility owned, oper-
ated, or controlled by a department or agency of the United States, in any armed conflict. 
(3) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Interrogation tech-
niques, approaches, and treatments described in Army Field Manual 2–22.3 shall be implemented strictly in accord with the principles, processes, conditions, and limitations prescribed by Army 
Field Manual 2–22.3. 
(4) A
GENCIES OTHER THAN THE DEPARTMENT OF  
DEFENSE .—If a process required by Army Field 
Manual 2–22.3, such as a requirement of ap-proval by a specified Department of Defense of-ficial, is inapposite to a department or an agen-cy other than the Department of Defense, the head of such department or agency shall ensure that a process that is substantially equivalent to the process prescribed by Army Field Manual 2– 22.3 for the Department of Defense is utilized by all officers, employees, or other agents of such department or agency. 
(5) I
NTERROGATION BY FEDERAL LAW ENFORCE -
MENT .—Nothing in this subsection shall pre-
clude an officer, employee, or other agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation or other Fed-eral law enforcement agency from continuing to use authorized, non-coercive techniques of in-terrogation that are designed to elicit voluntary statements and do not involve the use of force, threats, or promises. 
(6) U
PDATE OF THE ARMY FIELD MANUAL .— 
(A) R EQUIREMENT TO UPDATE .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and once every three years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Attorney Gen-eral, the Director of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation, and the Director of National Intel-ligence, shall complete a thorough review of Army Field Manual 2–22.3, and revise Army Field Manual 2–22.3, as necessary to ensure that 
Army Field Manual 2–22.3 complies with the legal obligations of the United States and re-flects current, evidence-based, best practices for interrogation that are designed to elicit reliable and voluntary statements and do not involve the use or threat of force. 
(ii) A
VAILABILITY TO THE PUBLIC .—Army Field 
Manual 2–22.3 shall remain available to the public and any revisions to the Army Field Manual 2–22.3 adopted by the Secretary of De-fense shall be made available to the public 30 days prior to the date the revisions take effect. 
(B) R
EPORT ON BEST PRACTICES OF INTERROGA -
TIONS .— 
(i) R EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later than 
120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the interagency body established pursuant to Executive Order 13491 (commonly known as the High-Value Detainee Interrogation Group) shall submit to the Secretary of Defense, the Di-rector of National Intelligence, the Attorney General, and other appropriate officials a report on current, evidence-based, best practices for in-terrogation that are designed to elicit reliable and voluntary statements and do not involve the use of force. 
(ii) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The report required 
by clause (i) may include recommendations for revisions to Army Field Manual 2–22.3 based on the body of research commissioned by the High- Value Detainee Interrogation Group. 
(iii) A
VAILABILITY TO THE PUBLIC .—Not later 
than 30 days after the report required by clause (i) is submitted such report shall be made avail-able to the public. 
(b) I
NTERNATIONAL COMMITTEE OF THE RED 
CROSS ACCESS TO DETAINEES .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT .—The head of any depart-
ment or agency of the United States Government shall provide the International Committee of the Red Cross with notification of, and prompt ac-cess to, any individual detained in any armed conflict in the custody or under the effective control of an officer, employee, contractor, sub-contractor, or other agent of the United States Government or detained within a facility owned, operated, or effectively controlled by a department, agency, contractor, or subcon-tractor of the United States Government, con-sistent with Department of Defense regulations and policies. 
(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall be construed— 
(A) to create or otherwise imply the authority 
to detain; or (B) to limit or otherwise affect any other indi-
vidual rights or state obligations which may arise under United States law or international agreements to which the United States is a party, including the Geneva Conventions, or to state all of the situations under which notifica-tion to and access for the International Com-mittee of the Red Cross is required or allowed. 
Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and 
Limitations 
SEC. 1041. ASSISTANCE TO SECURE THE SOUTH-
ERN LAND BORDER OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide assistance to United States Cus-toms and Border Protection for purposes of in-creasing ongoing efforts to secure the southern land border of the United States. 
(b) C
ONCURRENCE IN ASSISTANCE .—Assistance 
under subsection (a) shall be provided with the concurrence of the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(c) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .—The 
assistance provided under subsection (a) may include the following: 
(1) Deployment of members and units of the 
regular and reserve components of the Armed Forces to the southern land border of the United States. 
(2) Deployment of manned aircraft, unmanned 
aerial surveillance systems, and ground-based surveillance systems to support continuous sur-veillance of the southern land border of the United States. 
(3) Intelligence analysis support. (d) M
ATERIEL AND LOGISTICAL SUPPORT .—The 
Secretary of Defense is authorized to deploy such materiel and equipment and logistics sup-port as is necessary to ensure the effectiveness of assistance provided under subsection (a). 
(e) F
UNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to 
be appropriated for the Department of Defense by this Act, the Secretary of Defense may use up to $75,000,000 to provide assistance under this section. 
(f) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on any provision of assistance under sub-section (a) during the 90-day period ending on the date of such report. Each report shall in-clude, for the period covered by such report, the following: 
(1) A description of the assistance provided. (2) A description of the sources and amounts 
of funds used to provide such assistance. 
(3) A description of the amounts obligated to 
provide such assistance. 
SEC. 1042. PROTECTION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) S ECRETARY OF DEFENSE AUTHORITY .— 
Chapter 159 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2671 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 2672. Protection of buildings, grounds, 
property, and persons 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall protect the buildings, grounds, and prop-erty that are under the jurisdiction, custody, or control of the Department of Defense and the 
persons on that property. 
‘‘(b) O
FFICERS AND AGENTS .—(1)(A) The Sec-
retary of Defense may designate military or ci-vilian personnel of the Department of Defense as officers and agents to perform the functions of the Secretary under subsection (a), including, with regard to civilian officers and agents, duty in areas outside the property specified in that subsection to the extent necessary to protect that property and persons on that property. 
‘‘(B) A designation under subparagraph (A) 
may be made by individual, by position, by in-stallation, or by such other category of per-sonnel as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(C) In making a designation under subpara-
graph (A) with respect to any category of per-sonnel, the Secretary shall specify each of the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4418 June 22, 2015 
‘‘(i) The personnel or positions to be included 
in the category. 
‘‘(ii) Which authorities provided for in para-
graph (2) may be exercised by personnel in that category. 
‘‘(iii) In the case of civilian personnel in that 
category— 
‘‘(I) which authorities provided for in para-
graph (2), if any, are authorized to be exercised outside the property specified in subsection (a); and 
‘‘(II) with respect to the exercise of any such 
authorities outside the property specified in sub-section (a), the circumstances under which co-ordination with law enforcement officials out-side of the Department of Defense should be sought in advance. 
‘‘(D) The Secretary may make a designation 
under subparagraph (A) only if the Secretary determines, with respect to the category of per-sonnel to be covered by that designation, that— 
‘‘(i) the exercise of each specific authority 
provided for in paragraph (2) to be delegated to that category of personnel is necessary for the performance of the duties of the personnel in that category and such duties cannot be per-formed as effectively without such authorities; and 
‘‘(ii) the necessary and proper training for the 
authorities to be exercised is available to the personnel in that category. 
‘‘(2) Subject to subsection (h) and to the ex-
tent specifically authorized by the Secretary, while engaged in the performance of official du-ties pursuant to this section, an officer or agent designated under this subsection may— 
‘‘(A) enforce Federal laws and regulations for 
the protection of persons and property; 
‘‘(B) carry firearms; ‘‘(C) make arrests— ‘‘(i) without a warrant for any offense against 
the United States committed in the presence of the officer or agent; or 
‘‘(ii) for any felony cognizable under the laws 
of the United States if the officer or agent has reasonable grounds to believe that the person to be arrested has committed or is committing a fel-ony; 
‘‘(D) serve warrants and subpoenas issued 
under the authority of the United States; and 
‘‘(E) conduct investigations, on and off the 
property in question, of offenses that may have been committed against property under the ju-risdiction, custody, or control of the Department of Defense or persons on such property. 
‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—(1) The Secretary of De-
fense may prescribe regulations, including traf-fic regulations, necessary for the protection and administration of property under the jurisdic-tion, custody, or control of the Department of Defense and persons on that property. The reg-ulations may include reasonable penalties, with-in the limits prescribed in paragraph (2), for vio-lations of the regulations. The regulations shall be posted and remain posted in a conspicuous place on the property to which they apply. 
‘‘(2) A person violating a regulation prescribed 
under this subsection shall be fined under title 18, imprisoned for not more than 30 days, or both. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION OF AUTHOR -
ITY.—The authority of the Secretary of Defense 
under subsections (b) and (c) may be exercised only by the Secretary or the Deputy Secretary of Defense. 
‘‘(e) D
ISPOSITION OF PERSONS ARRESTED .—A 
person who is arrested pursuant to authority ex-ercised under subsection (b) may not be held in a military confinement facility, other than in the case of a person who is subject to chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice). 
‘‘(f) F
ACILITIES AND SERVICES OF OTHER AGEN-
CIES.—In implementing this section, when the 
Secretary of Defense determines it to be eco-nomical and in the public interest, the Secretary may utilize the facilities and services of Federal, State, Indian tribal, and local law enforcement agencies, with the consent of those agencies, 
and may reimburse those agencies for the use of their facilities and services. Such services of State, Indian tribal, and local law enforcement, including application of their powers of law en-forcement, may be provided notwithstanding that the property is subject to the legislative ju-risdiction of the United States. 
‘‘(g) A
UTHORITY OUTSIDE FEDERAL PROP-
ERTY.—For the protection of property under the 
jurisdiction, custody, or control of the Depart-ment of Defense and persons on that property, the Secretary of Defense may enter into agree-ments with Federal agencies and with State, In-dian tribal, and local governments to obtain au-thority for civilian officers and agents des-ignated under this section to enforce Federal laws and State, Indian tribal, and local laws concurrently with other Federal law enforce-ment officers and with State, Indian tribal, and local law enforcement officers. 
‘‘(h) A
TTORNEY GENERAL APPROVAL .—The 
powers granted pursuant to subsection (b)(2) to officers and agents designated under subsection (b)(1) shall be exercised in accordance with guidelines approved by the Attorney General. Such guidelines may include specification of the geographical extent of property outside of the property specified in subsection (a) within which those powers may be exercised. 
‘‘(i) L
IMITATION WITHREGARD TO OTHER FED-
ERAL AGENCIES .—Nothing in this section shall 
be construed as affecting the authority of the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide for the protection of facilities (including the build-ings, grounds, and properties of the General Services Administration) that are under the ju-risdiction, custody, or control, in whole or in part, of a Federal agency other than the De-partment of Defense and that are located off of a military installation. 
‘‘(j) C
OOPERATION WITHLOCAL LAWENFORCE -
MENT AGENCIES .—Before authorizing civilian of-
ficers and agents to perform duty in areas out-side the property specified in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall consult with, and is encouraged to enter into agreements with, local law enforcement agencies exercising jurisdiction over such areas for the purposes of avoiding conflicts of jurisdiction, promoting notification of planned law enforcement actions, and other-wise facilitating productive working relation-ships. 
‘‘(k) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this section shall be con-
strued— 
‘‘(1) to preclude or limit the authority of any 
Federal law enforcement agency; 
‘‘(2) to restrict the authority of the Secretary 
of Homeland Security under the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 or of the Administrator of General Services, including the authority to pro-mulgate regulations affecting property under the custody and control of that Secretary or the Administrator, respectively; 
‘‘(3) to expand or limit section 21 of the Inter-
nal Security Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 797); 
‘‘(4) to affect chapter 47 of this title; ‘‘(5) to restrict any other authority of the Sec-
retary of Defense or the Secretary of a military department; or 
‘‘(6) to restrict the authority of the Director of 
the National Security Agency under section 11 of the National Security Agency Act of 1959 (50 U.S.C. 3609).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 159 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2671 the following new item: 
‘‘2672. Protection of buildings, grounds, prop-
erty, and persons.’’. 
SEC. 1043. STRATEGY TO PROTECT UNITED 
STATES NATIONAL SECURITY INTER-ESTS IN THE ARCTIC REGION. 
(a) R EPORT ON STRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not 
later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a 
report that sets forth an updated military strat-egy for the protection of United States national security interests in the Arctic region. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of United States military in-
terests in the Arctic region. 
(2) A description of operational plans and as-
sociated military requirements for the protection of United States national security interests in the Arctic region, including United States citi-zens, territory, freedom of navigation, and eco-nomic and trade interests. 
(3) An identification of any operational seams 
and a plan to enhance unity of effort among the combatant commands with responsibility for the Arctic region, as well as among the Armed Forces. 
(4) A description of the security environment 
in the Arctic region, including the activities of foreign nations operating within the Arctic re-gion. 
(5) A description of United States military ca-
pabilities required to implement the strategy re-quired by subsection (a). 
(6) An identification of any capability gaps 
and resource gaps, including in installations, infrastructure, communications and domain awareness, and personnel in the Arctic region, that would impact the implementation of the strategy required by subsection (a) or the execu-tion of any associated operational plan, and a mitigation plan to address such gaps. 
(7) A plan to enhance military-to-military co-
operation with partner nations that have mu-tual security interests in the Arctic region, in-cluding by exploring opportunities for sharing installations and maintenance facilities. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report required by subsection 
(a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1044. EXTENSION OF LIMITATIONS ON THE 
TRANSFER TO THE REGULAR ARMY OF AH–64 APACHE HELICOPTERS AS-SIGNED TO THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1712 of the Carl 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. 
(b) R
EADINESS OF AIRCRAFT AND PERSONNEL .— 
Subsection (c) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2015 and 2016’’. 
SEC. 1045. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PREVIOUSLY 
TRANSFERRED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD HELICOPTERS AS COUNTING AGAINST NUMBER TRANSFERRABLE UNDER EXCEPTION TO LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF ARMY NATIONAL GUARD HELICOPTERS. 
(a) N OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report set-ting forth the number of AH–64D Apache heli-copters that have been transferred from the Army National Guard to the original equipment manufacturer for the purpose of remanufacture to the AH–64E Apache helicopter variant. 
(b) T
REATMENT AS COUNTING AGAINST NUMBER  
TRANSFERRABLE .—The Secretary of the Army 
shall treat the number of helicopters specified in the report under subsection (a) as counting against the total number of AH–64 Apache heli-copters that may be transferred from the Army National Guard to the regular Army pursuant to subsection (e) of section 1712 of the Carl Levin and Howard B. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3668). 
(c) C
ONSTRUCTION WITHREQUIRED CERTIFI -
CATION .—Nothing in this subsection may be con-
strued to alter or terminate the requirement for a certification by the Secretary of Defense pur-suant to subsection (f) of section 1712 of the Carl 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4419 June 22, 2015 
Levin and Howard B. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 as a precondition for any action under sub-section (e) of such section. 
SEC. 1046. MANAGEMENT OF MILITARY TECHNI-
CIANS. 
(a) C ONVERSION OF CERTAIN MILITARY TECH-
NICIAN (DUAL STATUS ) POSITIONS TO CIVILIAN  
POSITIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall convert not fewer than 20 percent of the positions described in paragraph (2) as of Janu-ary 1, 2017, from military technician (dual sta-tus) positions to positions filled by individuals who are employed under section 3101 of title 5, United States Code, and are not military techni-cians. 
(2) C
OVERED POSITIONS .—The positions de-
scribed in this paragraph are military techni-cian (dual status) positions as follows: 
(A) Military technician (dual status) positions 
identified as general administration, clerical, and office service occupations in the report of the Secretary of Defense under section 519 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1397). 
(B) Such other military technician (dual sta-
tus) positions as the Secretary shall specify for purposes of this subsection. 
(b) P
HASED -INTERMINATION OF ARMY RE-
SERVE , AIRFORCE RESERVE , AND NATIONAL  
GUARD NON-DUAL STATUS TECHNICIANS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 10217 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) P
HASED -INTERMINATION OF POSITIONS .— 
(1) No individual may be newly hired or em-ployed, or rehired or reemployed, as a non-dual status technician for the purposes of this section after December 31, 2016. 
‘‘(2) Commencing January 1, 2017, the max-
imum number of non-dual status technicians employable by the Army Reserve and by the Air Force Reserve shall be reduced from the number otherwise provided by subsection (c)(1) by one for each individual who retires, is separated from, or otherwise ceases service as a non-dual status technician of the Army Reserve or the Air Force Reserve, as the case may be, after such date until the maximum number of non-dual status technicians employable by the Army Re-serve or the Air Force Reserve, as the case may be, is zero. 
‘‘(3) Commencing January 1, 2017, the max-
imum number of non-dual status technicians employable by the National Guard shall be re-duced from the number otherwise provided by subsection (c)(2) by one for each individual who retires, is separated from, or otherwise ceases service as a non-dual status technician of the National Guard after such date until the max-imum number of non-dual status technicians employable by the National Guard is zero. 
‘‘(4) Any individual newly hired or employed, 
or rehired or employed, to a position required to 
be filled by reason of the amendment made by paragraph (1) shall be an individual employed in such position under section 3101 of title 5, and may not be a military technician. 
‘‘(5) Nothing in this subsection shall be con-
strued to terminate the status as a non-dual sta-tus technician under this section after December 31, 2016, of any individual who is a non-dual status technician for the purposes of this section on that date.’’. 
(2) R
EPORT ON PHASED -IN TERMINATIONS .—Not 
later than February 1, 2016, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth a plan for implementing the amendment made by paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1047. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CONSIDER-
ATION OF THE FULL RANGE OF DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE MANPOWER WORLDWIDE IN DECISIONS ON THE PROPER MIX OF MILITARY, CIVILIAN, AND CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL TO ACCOMPLISH THE NATIONAL DE-FENSE STRATEGY. 
It is the sense of Congress that, as the Depart-
ment of Defense makes decisions on military end strength requests, proper sizing of the civilian 
workforce, and the proper mix of these sources of manpower with contractor personnel to ac-complish the National Defense Strategy, the Secretary of Defense should consider the full range of manpower available to the Secretary in all locations worldwide in order to arrive at the proper mix and size of manpower to accomplish that Strategy without arbitrarily protecting or exempting any particular group or location of manpower. 
SEC. 1048. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE UNITED 
STATES MARINE CORPS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) As senior United States statesmen Dr. 
Henry Kissinger wrote in testimony submitted to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on January 29, 2015, ‘‘[t]he United States has not faced a more diverse and complex array of crises since the end of the Second World War.’’. 
(2) The rise of committed, non-state forces and 
near peer competitors has introduced desta-bilizing pressures around the globe. 
(3) Advances in information and weapons 
technology have reduced the time available for the United States to prepare for a respond to crises against either known or unknown threats. 
(4) The importance of the maritime domain 
cannot be overstated. As acknowledged in the March 2015 Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard maritime strategy entitled ‘‘A Coopera-tive Strategy for 21st Century Seapower: For-ward, Engaged, Ready’’, ‘‘[o]ceans are the life-blood of the interconnected global commu-nity. . .90 percent of trade by volume across the oceans. Approximately 70 percent of the world’s population lives within 100 miles of the coast-line’’. 
(5) In this global security environment, it is 
critical that the United States possess a mari-time forces whose mission and ethos is readiness, a fight tonight force, forward deployed, that can respond immediately to emergent crises across the full range of military operations around the globe either from the sea or home station. 
(6) The need for such forces was recognized by 
the 82nd Congress during the Korean War, when it mandated a core mission for the Na-tion’s leanest force, the Marine Corps, to be most ready when the nation is least ready. 
(7) In recognition of this continued need and 
the wisdom of the 82nd Congress, the Senate re-affirms section 5063 of title 10, United States Code, uniquely charging the United States Ma-rine Corps with this responsibility. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the Marine Corps, within the Department 
of the Navy, should remain the Nation’s expedi-tionary, crisis response force; and 
(2) as provided in section 5063 of title 10, 
United States Code, the Marine Corps should— 
(A) be organized to include no less than three 
combat divisions and three air wings, and such other land combat, aviation, and other services as may be organic to it; 
(B) be organized, trained, and equipped to 
provide fleet marine forces of combined arms, to-gether with supporting air components, for serv-ice with the fleet in the seizure or defense of ad-vanced naval bases and for the conduct of such land operations as may be essential to the pros-ecution of a naval campaign; and 
(C) provide detachments and organizations for 
service on armed vessels of the Navy, provide se-curity detachments for the protection of naval property at naval stations and bases, and per-form such other duties as the President may di-rect; 
(D) develop, in coordination with the Army 
and the Air Force, those phases of amphibious operations that pertain to the tactics, tech-niques, and equipment used by landing forces; and 
(E) be responsible, in accordance with the in-
tegrated joint mobilization plans, for the expan-sion of peacetime components of the Marine 
Corps to meet the needs of war. 
Subtitle F—Studies and Reports 
SEC. 1061. REPEAL OF REPORTING REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) R EPORTS UNDER TITLE 10, U NITED STATES  
CODE.— 
(1) A NNUAL REPORT ON GIFTS MADE FOR THE  
BENEFIT OF MILITARY MUSICAL UNITS .—Section 
974(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
(2) B
IENNIAL REPORT ON SPACE SCIENCE AND  
TECHNOLOGY STRATEGY .—Section 2272(a) of title 
10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (5). 
(3) A
NNUAL REPORT ON PRIZES FOR ADVANCED  
TECHNOLOGY ACHIEVEMENTS .—Section 2374a of 
title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (e). 
(b) R
EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW113–66.— 
(1) R EPORTS ON USE OF TEMPORARY AUTHORI -
TIES FOR CERTAIN POSITIONS AT DOD RESEARCH  
AND ENGINEERING FACILITIES .—Section 1107 of 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (g); and (B) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-
section (g). 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORT ON ADVANCING SMALL  
BUSINESS GROWTH .—Section 1611 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (127 Stat. 946) is amended by striking subsection (d). 
(c) R
EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW112–239.— 
(1) A NNUAL REPORTS ON QUALITY ASSURANCE  
PROGRAMS FOR MEDICAL EVALUATION BOARDS  
AND PHYSICIAN EVALUATION BOARDS AND RE -
LATED PERSONNEL .—Section 524 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1723; 10 U.S.C. 1222 note) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
(2) A
NNUAL IMPACT STATEMENT ON NUMBER OF  
MEMBERS IN INTEGRATED DISABILITY EVALUATION  
SYSTEM ON READINESS REQUIREMENTS .—Section 
528 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 1725) is repealed. 
(3) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON NOTICE ON UN -
FUNDED PRIORITIES .—Section 1003 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 1903) is repealed. 
(d) A
NNUAL UPDATES ON IMPLEMENTATION  
PLAN FOR WHOLE -OF-GOVERNMENT VISION PRE-
SCRIBED IN THE NATIONAL SECURITY STRAT-
EGY.—Section 1072 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1592; 50 U.S.C. 3043 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (b). 
(e) R
EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW111–383.— 
(1) R EPORTS ON DEFENSE RESEARCH AND DE -
VELOPMENT RAPID INNOVATION PROGRAM .—Sec-
tion 1073 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4366; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (f); and (B) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f). 
(2) R
EPORT ON TASK FORCE FOR BUSINESS AND  
STABILITY OPERATIONS IN AFGHANISTAN .—Section 
1535(a) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (124 Stat. 4426) is amended by striking paragraph (6). 
(f) A
NNUAL REPORT ON THE ELECTRONIC WAR-
FARE STRATEGY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE .—Section 1053 of National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2458) is repealed. 
(g) R
EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW110–417.— 
(1) M ITIGATION OF POWER OUTAGE RISKS FOR  
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FACILITIES AND ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 335 of the Duncan Hunter Nation 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4420 June 22, 2015 
(Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4422; 10 U.S.C. 
2911 note) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
(2) U PDATES OF INCREASES IN NUMBER OF  
UNITS OF JROTC .—Section 548 of the Duncan 
Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (122 Stat. 4466) is amended by striking subsection (e). 
(3) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON CENTER OF EXCEL -
LENCE ON TRAUMATIC EXTREMITY INJURIES AND  
AMPUTATIONS .—Section 723 of the Duncan Hun-
ter National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2009 (122 Stat. 4508) is amended by striking (d). 
(4) S
EMI-ANNUAL REPORT ON STATUS OF NAVY  
NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORKS PRO -
GRAM .—Section 1034 of the Duncan Hunter Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (122 Stat. 4593) is hereby repealed. 
(h) R
EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW110–181.— 
(1) B IENNIAL UPDATE OF STRATEGIC MANAGE -
MENT PLAN .—Section 904(d) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 275) is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
(2) R
EPORTS ON ACCESS OF RECOVERING  
SERVICEMEMBERS TO ADEQUATE OUTPATIENT RES -
IDENTIAL FACILITIES .—Section 1662 of the 
Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 479; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(a) R
EQUIRED INSPECTIONS OF  
FACILITIES .—’’; and 
(B) by striking subsection (b). (i) R
EPORTS UNDER PUBLIC LAW109–364.— 
(1) R OADMAPS AND REPORTS ON HYPERSONICS  
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 218 of the John Warner 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph 
(4); and 
(B) by striking subsection (f). (2) U
PDATES OF ASSISTANCE TO LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCIES EXPERIENCING GROWTH IN  
ENROLLMENT DUE TO FORCE STRUCTURE CHANGE  
AND OTHER CIRCUMSTANCES .—Section 574 of the 
John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (20 U.S.C. 7703b note) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as 
subsections (c) and (d), respectively. 
(3) A
NNUAL REPORT ON OVERHAUL , REPAIR , 
AND MAINTENANCE OF VESSELS UNDER ACQUISI -
TION POLICY ON OBTAINING CARRIAGE BY VES -
SEL.—Section 1017 of the John Warner National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (120 Stat. 2379) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-
section (e). 
(j) R
EPORTS ON ANNUAL REVIEW OF ROLES AND  
MISSIONS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS .—Sec-
tion 513(h) of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 1882; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2). 
(k) A
NNUAL SUBMITTAL OF INFORMATION RE-
GARDING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY CAPITAL  
ASSETS .—Section 351 of the Bob Stump National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 221 note) is here-by repealed. 
(l) R
EPORTS ON EXPERIMENTAL PERSONNEL  
MANAGEMENT PROGRAM FOR SCIENTIFIC AND  
TECHNICAL PERSONNEL .—Section 1101 of the 
Strom Thurmond National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (5 U.S.C. 3104 note) is amended by striking subsection (g). 
SEC. 1062. TERMINATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR 
SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS OF RE-PORTS REQUIRED OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE BY STATUTE. 
(a) T ERMINATION .—Effective on the date that 
is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, each report described in subsection (b) that is still required to be submitted to Congress 
as of such effective date shall no longer be re-quired to be submitted to Congress. 
(b) C
OVERED REPORTS .—A report described in 
this subsection is a report that is required to be submitted to Congress by the Department of De-fense, or by any officer, official, component, or element of the Department, by a provision of statute (including title 10, United States Code, and any annual national defense authorization Act) as of April 1, 2015. 
SEC. 1063. ANNUAL SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS OF 
MUNITIONS ASSESSMENTS. 
Not later than March 1, 2016, and each year 
thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees each of the following: 
(1) The most current Munitions Assessments, 
as defined by Department of Defense Instruction Number 3000.04, relating to the Department of Defense munitions process. 
(2) The most current Sufficiency Assessments, 
as defined by that Department of Defense In-struction. 
(3) The most current approved memorandum 
of the Joint Requirements Oversight Council re-sulting from the Munitions Requirements Proc-ess (MRP). 
SEC. 1064. POTENTIAL ROLE FOR UNITED STATES 
GROUND FORCES IN THE PACIFIC THEATER. 
(a) G ENERAL ASSESSMENT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly conduct a comprehensive oper-ational assessment of a potential future role for United States ground forces in the island chains of the western Pacific in creating anti-access and area denial capabilities in cooperation with host nations in order to deter and defeat aggres-sion in the western Pacific region. 
(2) C
APABILITIES TO BE EXAMINED .—In con-
ducting the assessment, the Secretary and the Chairman shall assess the feasibility and poten-tial effectiveness of the deployment by United States ground forces, jointly with host nations, of the following: 
(A) Anti-ship mines and mobile missiles as a 
means of neutralizing adversary naval forces, including amphibious forces, and inhibiting their movement, and protecting the shores of host nations and friendly naval forces and sup-ply operations. 
(B) Mobile air defense surveillance and missile 
systems to protect host-nation territory and ground, naval, and air forces, and to deny ac-cess to defended airspace by adversaries. 
(C) Electronic warfare capabilities to support 
air and naval operations. 
(D) Hardened ground-based communications 
capabilities for host-nation defense and for aug-mentation and extension of naval, air, and sat-ellite communications. 
(E) Maneuver forces to assist in host-nation 
defense, deny access to adversaries, and provide security for air and naval deployments. 
(b) G
EOPOLITICAL IMPACT OF ENHANCED  
GROUND FORCE ROLE.—The Secretary and the 
Chairman shall also jointly assess the potential geopolitical impact on the United States posture in the Pacific theater of a strategy of long-term engagement by United States ground forces with the island nations of the western Pacific to en-hance United States strategic relationships with potential partners in the region. 
(c) T
YPES OF ANALYSES TOBECONDUCTED .— 
The Secretary and the Chairman shall conduct the assessment required by subsection (a) using operations research methods and war gaming, in addition to historical analysis of the use of ground forces by the United States and Japan in the Pacific theater during World War II. 
(d) R
ESOURCES .—In conducting the assessment 
required by subsection (a), the Secretary and the Chairman shall use the following, as appro-priate: 
(1) The United States Pacific Command. (2) The Joint Requirements and Analysis Divi-
sion and the war gaming resources of the Warfighting Analysis Division of the Force 
Structure, Resources, and Assessment Direc-torate of the Joint Staff, augmented as nec-essary and appropriate from the war colleges of the military departments. 
(3) The Office of Net Assessment. (4) Appropriate Federally funded research 
and development centers (FFRDCs). 
(e) C
OMPLETION DATE.—The assessments re-
quired by this section shall be completed not later than one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act 
(f) B
RIEFING OF CONGRESS .—Upon the comple-
tion of the assessments required by this section, the Secretary and the Chairman shall provide a briefing on the assessments to— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1065. REPORT ON PLANS FOR THE USE OF 
DOMESTIC AIRFIELDS FOR HOME-LAND DEFENSE AND DISASTER RE-SPONSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Transportation, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report set-ting forth an assessment of the plans for air-fields in the United States that are required to support homeland defense and local disaster re-sponse missions. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The report shall include 
the following items: 
(1) The criteria used to determine the capabili-
ties and locations of airfields in the United States needed to support safe operations of mili-tary aircraft in the execution of homeland de-fense and local disaster response missions. 
(2) A description of the processes and proce-
dures in place to ensure that contingency plans for the use of airfields in the United States that support both military and civilian air operations are coordinated among the Department of De-fense and other Federal agencies with jurisdic-tion over those airfields. 
(3) An assessment of the impact, if any, to lo-
gistics and resource planning as a result of the reduction of certain capabilities of airfields in the United States that support both military and civilian air operations. 
(4) A review of the existing agreements and 
authorities between the Commander of the United States Northern Command and the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion that allow for consultation on decisions that impact the capabilities of airfields in the United States that support both military and ci-vilian air operations. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— 
The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-ment Affairs, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
APABILITIES OF AIRFIELDS .—The term 
‘‘capabilities of airfields’’ means the length and width of runways, taxiways, and aprons, the operation of navigation aids and lighting, the operation of fuel storage, distribution, and re-fueling systems, and the availability of air traf-fic control services. 
(3) A
IRFIELDS IN THE UNITED STATES THAT SUP -
PORT BOTH MILITARY AND CIVILIAN AIR OPER -
ATIONS .—The term ‘‘airfields in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4421 June 22, 2015 
States that support both military and civilian 
air operations’’ means the following: 
(A) Airports that are designated as joint use 
facilities pursuant to section 47175 of title 49, United States Code, in which both the military and civil aviation have shared use of the air-field. 
(B) Airports used by the military that have a 
permanent military aviation presence at the air-port pursuant to a memorandum of agreement or tenant lease with the airport owner that is in ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1066. ANNUAL REPORTS OF THE CHIEF OF 
THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU ON THE ABILITY OF THE NATIONAL GUARD TO MEET ITS MISSIONS. 
Section 10504(a) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The Chief of the 
National Guard Bureau’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), as so designated, by 
striking ‘‘, through the Secretaries of the Army and the Air Force,’’; 
(3) by striking the second sentence; and (4) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraphs: 
‘‘(2) Each report shall include the following: ‘‘(A) An assessment, prepared in conjunction 
with the Secretaries of the Army and the Air Force, of the ability of the National Guard to carry out its Federal missions. 
‘‘(B) An assessment, prepared in conjunction 
with the chief executive officers of the States and territories, of the ability of the National Guard to carry out emergency support functions of the National Response Framework. 
‘‘(3) Each report may be submitted in classi-
fied and unclassified versions.’’. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1081. TECHNICAL AND CLERICAL AMEND-
MENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TOTITLE 10, U NITED STATES  
CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is amended 
as follows: 
(1) The tables of chapters at the beginning of 
subtitle A, and at the beginning of part I of such subtitle, are each amended by striking the item relating to chapter 19 and inserting the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘19. Cyber Matters ............................. 391’’. 
(2) The heading of section 130e is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘§ 130e. Treatment under Freedom of Informa-
tion Act of certain critical infrastructure se-curity information’’. 
(3) The heading of section 153(a)(5) is amend-
ed to read as follows: ‘‘J
OINT FORCE DEVELOP -
MENT ACTIVITIES .—’’. 
(4) The table of sections at the beginning of 
chapter 19 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 391 and inserting the following new item: 
‘‘391. Reporting on cyber incidents with respect 
to networks and information sys-tems of operationally critical con-tractors and certain other con-tractors.’’. 
(5) The table of sections at the beginning of 
subchapter I of chapter 21 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 429 the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘430. Tactical exploitation of national capabili-
ties executive agent.’’. 
(6) Section 2006a is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘August, 1’’ 
and inserting ‘‘August 1’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘the such program or authori-
ties’’ and inserting ‘‘the program’’. 
(7) Sections 2222(j)(5), 2223(c)(3), and 2315 are 
each amended by striking ‘‘section 3552(b)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3552(b)(6)’’. 
(8) Section 2229(d)(1) is amended by striking 
‘‘certification’’ and inserting ‘‘a certification’’. 
(9) Section 2679, as transferred, redesignated, 
and amended by section 351 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 
(Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3346), is amended in subsection (a)(1) by striking ‘‘with’’ before ‘‘, on a sole source’’. 
(10) Section 2684(d)(1) is amended by striking 
‘‘section 101(a) of the National Historic Preser-vation Act (16 U.S.C. 470a(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 302101 of title 54’’. 
(11) Section 2687a(d)(2) is amended by insert-
ing ‘‘fair market’’ before ‘‘value’’. 
(12) Section 2926, as added and amended by 
section 901(g) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (128 Stat. 3464), is amended in subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) by striking ‘‘for Installations, Energy,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘for Energy, Installa-tions,’’. 
(13) Section 9314a(b) is amended by striking 
‘‘only so long at’’ and inserting ‘‘only so long as’’. 
(b) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2015.—Effective as of Decem-
ber 19, 2014, and as if included therein as en-acted, the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amend-ed as follows: 
(1) Section 351(b)(1) (128 Stat. 3346) is amend-
ed by striking the period at the end of subpara-graph (C) and inserting ‘‘; and’’. 
(2) Section 901(g)(1)(F) (128 Stat. 3465) is 
amended by inserting ‘‘paragraph (4) of’’ before ‘‘subsection (b) of section 2926’’. 
(3) Section 1072(a)(2) (128 Stat. 3516) is amend-
ed by inserting ‘‘in the table of sections’’ before ‘‘at the beginning of’’. 
(4) Section 1079(a)(1) (128 Stat. 3561) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘section 12102 of title 42, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102)’’. 
(5) Section 1104(b)(2) (128 Stat. 3526) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’. 
(6) Section 1208 (128 Stat. 3551) is amended by 
striking ‘‘of Fiscal Year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘for Fiscal Year’’. 
(7) Section 2803(a) (128 Stat. 3696) is amended 
in paragraph (2) of the subsection (f) being added by the amendment to be made by that sec-tion by inserting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘1105 of title 31’’. 
(8) Section 2832(c)(3) (128 Stat. 3704) is amend-
ed by striking ‘‘United State Code’’ and insert-ing ‘‘United States Code’’. 
(9) Section 3006(i) (128 Stat. 3744) is amend-
ed— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Section 8’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Section 18’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘S1/2 N1/2 
SE’’ and inserting ‘‘S1/2 N1/2 SE1/4’’. 
(10) Section 3023 (128 Stat. 3762) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and 
(3) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respectively; 
(B) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, in 
the matter being added by subparagraph (C)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘has been waived,’’ after ‘‘ex-
pired,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the permit or lease required’’ 
and inserting ‘‘the allotment management plan, permit, or lease required’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, in 
the matter being added as subsection (h)(1)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘a grazing permit or lease’’ in 
the matter preceding subparagraph (A) of such subsection and inserting ‘‘an allotment manage-ment plan or grazing permit or lease’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A) of such subsection, 
by striking ‘‘permit or lease’’ and inserting ‘‘al-lotment management plan, permit, or lease’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (B)(i) of such subsection, 
by striking ‘‘lease or permit’’ and inserting ‘‘al-lotment management plan, permit, or lease’’; and 
(D) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so re-
designated, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘by the Sec-
retary of Agriculture, with respect to lands within National Forests in the sixteen contig-uous Western States’ and inserting ‘on National Forest System land by the Secretary of Agri-culture (notwithstanding, for purposes of this section, the definition in section 103(p))’;’’. 
(11) Section 3024 (16 U.S.C. 6214; 128 Stat. 
3764) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (e), by inserting before the 
period at the end the following: ‘‘report using National Median Price values’’; and 
(B) in subsection (f)(3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘by regu-
lation establish criteria pursuant to which the annual fee determined in accordance with this section may be suspended or reduced tempo-rarily’’ and inserting ‘‘provide for suspension or reduction temporarily of the annual fee deter-mined in accordance with this section’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘by regu-
lation’’. 
(c) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2014.—Section 1709(b) of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 962; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘R
ETALIATION AND PERSONNEL  
ACTION DESCRIBED .—’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘For purposes of the’’ and inserting ‘‘R
ETALIATION DESCRIBED .—For purposes of 
the’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘at a minimum—’’ and that 
follows through ‘‘ostracism’’ and inserting ‘‘at a minimum ostracism’’; and 
(3) by striking paragraph (2). (d) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2009.—Section 943(d)(1) of the 
Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4578) by striking the second period at the end of the first sentence. 
(e) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2005.—Section 1208(f)(2) of the 
Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108– 375; 118 Stat. 2086), as amended by section 1202(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 363) and section 1202(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat 2512), is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating the paragraphs (1) 
through (8) added by section 1202(c) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat 2512) as subparagraphs (A) through (H), respectively; and 
(2) by moving the margins of such subpara-
graphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the right. 
(f) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER AMENDMENTS  
MADE BY THISACT.—For purposes of applying 
amendments made by provisions of this Act other than this section, the amendments made by this section shall be treated as having been enacted immediately before any such amend-ments by other provisions of this Act. 
SEC. 1082. AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE TRAINING 
AND SUPPORT TO PERSONNEL OF FOREIGN MINISTRIES OF DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 1081 of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (10 U.S.C. 168 note), as amended by section 1047 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (b) through 
(e) as subsections (c) through (f), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing new subsection (b): 
‘‘(b) T
RAINING OF PERSONNEL OF FOREIGN  
MINISTRIES WITHSECURITY MISSIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, carry out a program to provide training 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4422 June 22, 2015 
and associated training support services to per-
sonnel of foreign ministries of defense (or min-istries with security force oversight) or regional organizations with security missions— 
‘‘(A) for the purpose of— ‘‘(i) enhancing civilian oversight of foreign se-
curity forces; 
‘‘(ii) establishing responsible defense govern-
ance and internal controls in order to help build effective, transparent, and accountable defense institutions; 
‘‘(iii) assessing organizational weaknesses and 
establishing a roadmap for addressing short-falls; and 
‘‘(iv) enhancing ministerial, general or joint 
staff, or service level core management com-petencies; and 
‘‘(B) for such other purposes as the Secretary 
considers appropriate, consistent with the au-thority in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Each fiscal year 
quarter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on activities under the program under para-graph (1) during the preceding fiscal year quar-ter. Each report shall include, for the fiscal year quarter covered by such report, the following: 
‘‘(A) A list of activities under the program. ‘‘(B) A list of any organization described in 
paragraph (1) to which the Secretary assigned employees under the program, including the number of such employees so assigned, the dura-tion of each assignment, a brief description of each assigned employee’s activities, and a state-ment of the cost of each assignment. 
‘‘(C) A comprehensive justification of any ac-
tivities conducted pursuant to paragraph (1)(B).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such section 
is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘M INISTRY  
OFDEFENSE ADVISOR ’’ before ‘‘A UTHORITY ’’; 
(2) in subsections (d) and (e), as redesignated 
by subsection (a)(1) of this section, by striking ‘‘the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Armed Services and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives’’ and inserting ‘‘the appropriate commit-tees of Congress’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(g) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘appropriate 
committees of Congress’ means— 
‘‘(1) the Committees on Armed Services and 
Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(2) the Committees on Armed Services and 
Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT TOSECTION  
HEADING TO REFLECT NAME OF PROGRAM .—The 
heading of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1081. DEFENSE INSTITUTION CAPACITY 
BUILDING PROGRAM.’’. 
SEC. 1083. EXPANSION OF OUTREACH FOR VET-
ERANS TRANSITIONING FROM SERV-ING ON ACTIVE DUTY. 
(a) E XPANSION OF PILOT PROGRAM .—Sub-
section (c)(2) of section 5 of the Clay Hunt Sui-cide Prevention for American Veterans Act (Public Law 114–2; 38 U.S.C. 1712A note) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) conducts outreach to individuals 
transitioning from serving on active duty in the Armed Forces who are participating in the Transition Assistance Program of the Depart-ment of Defense or other similar transition pro-grams to inform such individuals of the commu-nity oriented veteran peer support network under paragraph (1) and other support pro-grams and opportunities that are available to such individuals.’’. (b) I
NCLUSION OF INFORMATION IN INTERIM  
REPORT .—Subsection (d)(1) of such section is 
amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) the number of veterans who— ‘‘(i) received outreach from the Department of 
Veterans Affairs while serving on active duty as a member of the Armed Forces; and 
‘‘(ii) participated in a peer support program 
under the pilot program for veterans transitioning from serving on active duty.’’. 
SEC. 1084. MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN REQUIRE-
MENTS APPLICABLE TO MAJOR MED-ICAL FACILITY LEASE FOR A DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS OUTPATIENT CLINIC IN TULSA, OKLAHOMA. 
Section 601(b) of the Veterans Access, Choice, 
and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146; 128 Stat. 1793) is amended— 
(1) by striking out ‘‘
INTULSA.—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘In carrying out’’ and inserting ‘‘
INTULSA.—In carrying out’’; 
(2) by striking paragraph (2); (3) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (E) as paragraphs (1) through (5), re-spectively, and adjusting the indentation of the margin of such paragraphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the left; 
(4) in paragraph (1), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘140,000 gross square feet’’ and insert-ing ‘‘140,000 net usable square feet’’; 
(5) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘not more than the average’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘not more than the average of equivalent medical facility leases exe-cuted by the Department of Veterans Affairs over the last five years, plus 20 percent;’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘30-year life cycle’’ and inserting ‘‘20- year life cycle’’. 
SEC. 1085. COMPTROLLER GENERAL BRIEFING 
AND REPORT ON MAJOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) B RIEFING .—Not later than 270 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall pro-vide to the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing on the administration and oversight by the Department of Veterans Affairs of contracts for the design and construction of major medical facility projects, as defined in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the adminis-tration and oversight described in subsection (a). 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by sub-
section (a) and the report required by subsection (b) shall each include an examination of the fol-lowing: 
(1) The processes used by the Department for 
overseeing and assuring the performance of con-struction design and construction contracts for major medical facility projects, as so defined. 
(2) Any actions taken by the Department to 
improve the administration of such contracts. 
(3) Such opportunities for further improve-
ment of the administration of such contracts as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and 
the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and 
the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs and Related Agencies of the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-
resentatives. 
SEC. 1086. SENSE OF SENATE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the accidental transfer of live Bacillus 
anthracis, also known as anthrax, from an Army laboratory to more than 28 laboratories lo-cated in at least 12 states and three countries discovered in May 2015 represents a serious safe-ty lapse; 
(2) the Department of Defense, in cooperation 
with the Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention and the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, should continue to investigate the cause of this lapse and determine if protective protocols should be strengthened; 
(3) the Department of Defense should reassess 
standards on a regular basis to ensure they are current and effective to prevent a reoccurrence; and 
(4) the Department of Defense should keep 
Congress apprised of the investigation, any po-tential public health or safety risk, remedial ac-tions taken and plans to regularly reassess standards. 
SEC. 1087. MELVILLE HALL OF THE UNITED 
STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACAD-EMY. 
(a) G IFT TO THE MERCHANT MARINE ACAD-
EMY.—The Maritime Administrator may accept 
a gift of money from the Foundation under sec-tion 51315 of title 46, United States Code, for the purpose of renovating Melville Hall on the cam-pus of the United States Merchant Marine Academy. 
(b) C
OVERED GIFTS.—A gift described in this 
subsection is a gift under subsection (a) that the Maritime Administrator determines exceeds the sum of— 
(1) the minimum amount that is sufficient to 
ensure the renovation of Melville Hall in ac-cordance with the capital improvement plan of the United States Merchant Marine Academy that was in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) 25 percent of the amount described in 
paragraph (1). 
(c) O
PERATION CONTRACTS .—Subject to sub-
section (d), in the case that the Maritime Ad-ministrator accepts a gift of money described in subsection (b), the Maritime Administrator may enter into a contract with the Foundation for the operation of Melville Hall to make available facilities for, among other possible uses, official academy functions, third-party catering func-tions, and industry events and conferences. 
(d) C
ONTRACT TERMS .—The contract described 
in subsection (c) shall be for such period and on such terms as the Maritime Administrator con-siders appropriate, including a provision, mutu-ally agreeable to the Maritime Administrator and the Foundation, that— 
(1) requires the Foundation— (A) at the expense solely of the Foundation 
through the term of the contract to maintain Melville Hall in a condition that is as good as or better than the condition Melville Hall was in on the later of— 
(i) the date that the renovation of Melville 
Hall was completed; or 
(ii) the date that the Foundation accepted 
Melville Hall after it was tendered to the Foun-dation by the Maritime Administrator; and 
(B) to deposit all proceeds from the operation 
of Melville Hall, after expenses necessary for the operation and maintenance of Melville Hall, into the account of the Regimental Affairs Non- Appropriated Fund Instrumentality or successor entity, to be used solely for the morale and wel-fare of the cadets of the United States Merchant Marine Academy; and 
(2) prohibits the use of Melville Hall as lodg-
ing or an office by any person for more than 4 days in any calendar year other than— 
(A) by the United States; or (B) for the administration and operation of 
Melville Hall. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4423 June 22, 2015 
(e) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C ONTRACT .—The term ‘‘contract’’ includes 
any modification, extension, or renewal of the contract. 
(2) F
OUNDATION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘Foundation’’ means the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy Alumni Association and Foundation, Inc. 
(f) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed under section 3105 of title 41, United States Code, as requiring the Maritime Administrator to award a contract for the operation of Melville Hall to the Founda-tion. 
SEC. 1088. CONFLICT OF INTEREST CERTIFI-
CATION FOR INVESTIGATIONS RE-LATING TO WHISTLEBLOWER RETAL-IATION. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘covered employee’’ means a 
whistleblower who is an employee of the Depart-ment of Defense or a military department, or an employee of a contractor, subcontractor, grant-ee, or subgrantee thereof; 
(2) the term ‘‘covered investigation’’ means an 
investigation carried out by an Inspector Gen-eral of a military department or the Inspector General of the Department of Defense relating to— 
(A) a retaliatory personnel action taken 
against a member of the Armed Forces under section 1034 of title 10, United States Code; or 
(B) any retaliatory action taken against a 
covered employee; and 
(3) the term ‘‘military department’’ means 
each of the departments described in section 104 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each investigator involved 
in a covered investigation shall submit to the In-spector General of the Department of Defense or the Inspector General of the military depart-ment, as applicable, a certification that there was no conflict of interest between the investi-gator, any witness involved in the covered in-vestigation, and the covered employee or member of the Armed Forces, as applicable, during the conduct of the covered investigation. 
(2) S
TANDARDIZED FORM .—The Inspector Gen-
eral of the Department of Defense shall develop a standardized form to be used by each investi-gator to submit the certification required under paragraph (1). 
(3) I
NVESTIGATIVE FILE .—Each certification 
submitted under paragraph (1) shall be included in the file of the applicable covered investiga-tion. 
SEC. 1089. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN MAJOR 
MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS FOR WHICH AMOUNTS HAVE BEEN APPROPRIATED. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: 
(1) The Consolidated and Further Continuing 
Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) appropriated to the Department of Veterans Af-fairs— 
(A) $35,000,000 to make seismic corrections to 
Building 205 in the West Los Angeles Medical Center of the Department in Los Angeles, Cali-fornia, which, according to the Department, is a building that is designated as having an excep-tionally high risk of sustaining substantial dam-age or collapsing during an earthquake; 
(B) $101,900,000 to replace the community liv-
ing center and mental health facilities of the Department in Long Beach, California, which, according to the Department, are designated as having an exceptionally high risk of sustaining substantial damage or collapsing during an earthquake; 
(C) $187,500,000 to replace the existing spinal 
cord injury clinic of the Department in San Diego, California, which, according to the De-partment, is designated as having an extremely high risk of sustaining major damage during an earthquake; and 
(D) $122,400,000 to make renovations to ad-
dress substantial safety and compliance issues at the medical center of the Department in 
Canandaigua, New York, and for the construc-tion of a new clinic and community living center at such medical center. 
(2) The Department is unable to obligate or 
expend the amounts described in paragraph (1) because it lacks an explicit authorization by an Act of Congress pursuant to section 8104(a)(2) of title 38, United States Code, to carry out the major medical facility projects described in such paragraph. 
(3) Among the major medical facility projects 
described in paragraph (1), three are critical seismic safety projects in California. 
(4) Every day that the critical seismic safety 
projects described in paragraph (3) are delayed puts the lives of veterans and employees of the Department at risk. 
(5) According to the United States Geological 
Survey— 
(A) California has a 99 percent chance or 
greater of experiencing an earthquake of mag-nitude 6.7 or greater in the next 30 years; 
(B) even earthquakes of less severity than 
magnitude 6.7 can cause life threatening dam-age to seismically unsafe buildings; and 
(C) in California, earthquakes of magnitude 
6.0 or greater occur on average once every 1.2 years. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs may carry out the major medical facility projects of the Department of Veterans Affairs specified in the explanatory statement accompanying the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) at the locations and in the amounts specified in such explanatory state-ment, including by obligating and expending such amounts. 
SEC. 1090. REFORM AND IMPROVEMENT OF PER-
SONNEL SECURITY, INSIDER THREAT DETECTION AND PREVEN-TION, AND PHYSICAL SECURITY. 
(a) P ERSONNEL SECURITY AND INSIDER THREAT  
PROTECTION IN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— 
(1) P LANS AND SCHEDULES .—Consistent with 
the Memorandum of the Secretary of Defense dated March 18, 2014, regarding the rec-ommendations of the reviews of the Washington Navy Yard shooting, the Secretary of Defense shall develop plans and schedules— 
(A) to implement a continuous evaluation ca-
pability for the national security population for which clearance adjudications are conducted by the Department of Defense Central Adjudication Facility, in coordination with the Suitability Executive Agent, the Security Executive Agent, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget; 
(B) to produce a Department-wide insider 
threat strategy and implementation plan, which includes— 
(i) resourcing for the Defense Insider Threat 
Management and Analysis Center (DITMAC) and component insider threat programs, and 
(ii) alignment of insider threat protection pro-
grams with continuous evaluation capabilities and processes for personnel security; 
(C) to centralize the authority, accountability, 
and programmatic integration responsibilities, including fiscal control, for personnel security and insider threat protection under the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence; 
(D) to align the Department’s consolidated 
Central Adjudication Facility under the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence; 
(E) to develop a defense security enterprise re-
form investment strategy to ensure a consistent, long-term focus on funding to strengthen all of the Department’s security and insider threat programs, policies, functions, and information technology capabilities, including detecting threat behaviors conveyed in the cyber domain, in a manner that keeps pace with evolving threats and risks; 
(F) to resource and expedite deployment of the 
Identity Management Enterprise Services Archi-tecture (IMESA); and (G) to implement the recommendations con-
tained in the study conducted by the Director of Cost Analysis and Program Evaluation required by section 907 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 1564 note), including, specifi-cally, the recommendations to centrally manage and regulate Department of Defense requests for personnel security background investigations. 
(2) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report de-scribing the plans and schedules required under paragraph (1). 
(b) P
HYSICAL AND LOGICAL ACCESS .—Not later 
than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(1) the Secretary of Defense shall define phys-
ical and logical access standards, capabilities, and processes applicable to all personnel with access to Department of Defense installations and information technology systems, includ-ing— 
(A) periodic or regularized background or 
records checks appropriate to the type of phys-ical or logical access involved, the security level, the category of individuals authorized, and the level of access to be granted; 
(B) standards and methods for verifying the 
identity of individuals seeking access; and 
(C) electronic attribute-based access controls 
that are appropriate for the type of access and facility or information technology system in-volved; 
(2) the Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget and the Chair of the Performance Accountability Council, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, and the Administrator of General Services, and in consultation with representatives from stakeholder organizations, shall design a capability to share and apply electronic identity information across the Gov-ernment to enable real-time, risk-managed phys-ical and logical access decisions; and 
(3) the Director of the Office of Management 
and Budget, in conjunction with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management and in consultation with representatives from stake-holder organizations, shall establish investiga-tive and adjudicative standards for the periodic or regularized reevaluation of the eligibility of an individual to retain credentials issued pursu-ant to Homeland Security Presidential Directive 12 (dated August 27, 2004), as appropriate, but not less frequently than the authorization pe-riod of the issued credentials. 
(c) S
ECURITY ENTERPRISE MANAGEMENT .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget shall— 
(1) formalize the Security, Suitability, and 
Credentialing Line of Business; 
(2) submit a report to the appropriate congres-
sional committee that describes plans— 
(A) for oversight by the Office of Management 
and Budget of activities of the executive branch of the Government for personnel security, suit-ability, and credentialing; 
(B) to designate enterprise shared services to 
optimize investments; 
(C) to define and implement data standards to 
support common electronic access to critical Government records; and 
(D) to reduce the burden placed on Govern-
ment data providers by centralizing requests for records access and ensuring proper sharing of the data with appropriate investigative and ad-judicative elements. 
(d) R
ECIPROCITY MANAGEMENT .—Not later 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chair of the Performance Account-ability Council shall ensure that— 
(1) a centralized system is available to serve as 
the reciprocity management system for the Fed-eral Government; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4424 June 22, 2015 
(2) the centralized system described in para-
graph (1) is aligned with, and incorporates re-sults from, continuous evaluation and other en-terprise reform initiatives. 
(e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS IMPLEMENTA -
TION.—Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Chair of the Perform-ance Accountability Council, in coordination with the Security Executive Agent, the Suit-ability Executive Agent, and the Secretary of Defense, shall jointly develop a plan to— 
(1) implement the Security Executive Agent 
Directive on common, standardized employee and contractor security reporting requirements; 
(2) establish and implement uniform reporting 
requirements for employees and Federal contrac-tors, according to risk, relative to the safety of the workforce and protection of the most sen-sitive information of the Government; and 
(3) ensure that reported information is shared 
appropriately. 
(f) A
CCESS TO CRIMINAL HISTORY RECORDS  
FOR NATIONAL SECURITY AND OTHER PUR-
POSES .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—Section 9101(a) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(7) The terms ‘Security Executive Agent’ and 
‘Suitability Executive Agent’ mean the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability Executive Agent, respectively, established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any suc-cessor thereto.’’. 
(2) C
OVERED AGENCIES .—Section 9101(a)(6) of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(G) The Department of Homeland Security. ‘‘(H) The Office of the Director of National 
Intelligence. 
‘‘(I) An Executive agency that— ‘‘(i) is authorized to conduct background in-
vestigations under a Federal statute; or 
‘‘(ii) is delegated authority to conduct back-
ground investigations in accordance with proce-dures established by the Security Executive Agent or the Suitability Executive Agent under subsection (b) or (c)(iv) of section 2.3 of Execu-tive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any suc-cessor thereto. 
‘‘(J) A contractor that conducts a background 
investigation on behalf of an agency described in subparagraphs (A) through (I).’’. 
(3) A
PPLICABLE PURPOSES OF INVESTIGA -
TIONS .—Section 9101(b)(1) of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) 
through (D) as clauses (i) through (iv), respec-tively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; 
(B) in the matter preceding clause (i), as re-
designated— 
(i) by striking ‘‘the head of’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘all’’ before ‘‘criminal history 
record information’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘for the purpose of deter-
mining eligibility for any of the following:’’ and inserting ‘‘, in accordance with Federal Inves-tigative Standards jointly promulgated by the Suitability Executive Agent and Security Execu-tive Agent, for the purpose of— 
‘‘(A) determining eligibility for—’’; (C) in clause (i), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Access’’ and inserting ‘‘ac-
cess’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period and inserting a 
semicolon; 
(D) in clause (ii), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Assignment’’ and inserting 
‘‘assignment’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘or 
positions;’’; 
(E) in clause (iii), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Acceptance’’ and inserting 
‘‘acceptance’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; (F) in clause (iv), as redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘Appointment’’ and inserting 
‘‘appointment’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘or a critical or sensitive posi-
tion’’; and (iii) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; 
or’’; and 
(G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) conducting a basic suitability or fitness 
assessment for Federal or contractor employees, using Federal Investigative Standards jointly promulgated by the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability Executive Agent in accord-ance with— 
‘‘(i) Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 
38103), or any successor thereto; and 
‘‘(ii) the Office of Management and Budget 
Memorandum ‘Assignment of Functions Relat-ing to Coverage of Contractor Employee Fitness in the Federal Investigative Standards’, dated December 6, 2012; 
‘‘(C) credentialing under the Homeland Secu-
rity Presidential Directive 12 (dated August 27, 2004); and 
‘‘(D) Federal Aviation Administration checks 
required under— 
‘‘(i) the Federal Aviation Administration Drug 
Enforcement Assistance Act of 1988 (subtitle E of title VII of Public Law 100–690; 102 Stat. 4424) and the amendments made by that Act; or 
‘‘(ii) section 44710 of title 49.’’. (4) B
IOMETRIC AND BIOGRAPHIC SEARCHES .— 
Section 9101(b)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2)(A) A State central criminal history record 
depository shall allow a covered agency to con-duct both biometric and biographic searches of criminal history record information. 
‘‘(B) Nothing in subparagraph (A) shall be 
construed to prohibit the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation from requiring a request for criminal history record information to be accompanied by the fingerprints of the individual who is the subject of the request.’’. 
(5) U
SE OF MOST COST -EFFECTIVE SYSTEM .— 
Section 9101(e) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6) If a criminal justice agency is able to pro-
vide the same information through more than 1 system described in paragraph (1), a covered agency may request information under sub-section (b) from the criminal justice agency, and require the criminal justice agency to provide the information, using the system that is most cost-effective for the Federal Government.’’. 
(6) S
EALED OR EXPUNGED RECORDS ; JUVENILE  
RECORDS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 9101(a)(2) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(i) in the first sentence, by inserting before the 
period the following: ‘‘, and includes any analo-gous juvenile records’’; and 
(ii) by striking the third sentence and insert-
ing the following: ‘‘The term includes those records of a State or locality sealed pursuant to law if such records are accessible by State and local criminal justice agencies for the purpose of conducting background checks.’’. 
(B) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Federal Government should not uniformly reject applicants for employment with the Federal Government or Federal con-tractors based on— 
(i) sealed or expunged criminal records; or (ii) juvenile records. (7) I
NTERACTION WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT AND  
INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES ABROAD .—Section 9101 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) Upon request by a covered agency and in 
accordance with the applicable provisions of this section, the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Overseas Citizens Services shall make available criminal history record information collected by the Deputy Assistant Secretary with respect to an individual who is under investiga-tion by the covered agency regarding any inter-action of the individual with a law enforcement agency or intelligence agency of a foreign coun-try.’’. 
(8) C
LARIFICATION OF SECURITY REQUIREMENTS  
FOR CONTRACTORS CONDUCTING BACKGROUND IN -
VESTIGATIONS .—Section 9101 of title 5, United States Code, as amended by this subsection, is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) If a contractor described in subsection 
(a)(6)(J) uses an automated information delivery system to request criminal history record infor-mation, the contractor shall comply with any necessary security requirements for access to that system.’’. 
(9) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING ADVERSE AC -
TIONS .—Section 7512 of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘or’’; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-
riod and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) a suitability action taken by the Office 
under regulations prescribed by the Office, sub-ject to the rules prescribed by the President under this title for the administration of the competitive service.’’. 
(10) A
NNUAL REPORT BY SUITABILITY AND SE -
CURITY CLEARANCE PERFORMANCE ACCOUNT -
ABILITY COUNCIL .—Section 9101 of title 5, United 
States Code, as amended by this subsection, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i) The Suitability and Security Clearance 
Performance Accountability Council established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, an annual report that— 
‘‘(1) describes efforts of the Council to inte-
grate Federal, State, and local systems for shar-ing criminal history record information; 
‘‘(2) analyzes the extent and effectiveness of 
Federal education programs regarding criminal history record information; 
‘‘(3) provides an update on the implementa-
tion of best practices for sharing criminal his-tory record information, including ongoing limi-tations experienced by investigators working for or on behalf of a covered agency with respect to access to State and local criminal history record information; and 
‘‘(4) provides a description of limitations on 
the sharing of information relevant to a back-ground investigation, other than criminal his-tory record information, between— 
‘‘(A) investigators working for or on behalf of 
a covered agency; and 
‘‘(B) State and local law enforcement agen-
cies.’’. 
(11) GAO 
REPORT ON ENHANCING INTEROPER -
ABILITY AND REDUCING REDUNDANCY IN FEDERAL  
CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION ACCESS  
CONTROL , BACKGROUND CHECK , AND 
CREDENTIALING STANDARDS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the background check, access control, and credentialing requirements of Federal programs for the protection of critical infrastructure and key resources. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The Comptroller General shall 
include in the report required under subpara-graph (A)— 
(i) a summary of the major characteristics of 
each such Federal program, including the types of infrastructure and resources covered; 
(ii) a comparison of the requirements, whether 
mandatory or voluntary in nature, for regulated entities under each such program to— 
(I) conduct background checks on employees, 
contractors, and other individuals; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4425 June 22, 2015 
(II) adjudicate the results of a background 
check, including the utilization of a standard-ized set of disqualifying offenses or the consider-ation of minor, non-violent, or juvenile offenses; and 
(III) establish access control systems to deter 
unauthorized access, or provide a security cre-dential for any level of access to a covered facil-ity or resource; 
(iii) a review of any efforts that the Screening 
Coordination Office of the Department of Home-land Security has undertaken or plans to under-take to harmonize or standardize background check, access control, or credentialing require-ments for critical infrastructure and key re-source protection programs overseen by the De-partment; and 
(iv) recommendations, developed in consulta-
tion with appropriate stakeholders, regarding— 
(I) enhancing the interoperability of security 
credentials across critical infrastructure and key resource protection programs; 
(II) eliminating the need for redundant back-
ground checks or credentials across existing crit-ical infrastructure and key resource protection programs; 
(III) harmonizing, where appropriate, the 
standards for identifying potentially disquali-fying criminal offenses and the weight assigned to minor, nonviolent, or juvenile offenses in ad-judicating the results of a completed back-ground check; and 
(IV) the development of common, risk-based 
standards with respect to the background check, access control, and security credentialing re-quirements for critical infrastructure and key resource protection programs. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; 
(B) the Select Committee on Intelligence and 
the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(C) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-
ligence, the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, and the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representatives; and 
(2) the term ‘‘Performance Accountability 
Council’’ means the Suitability and Security Clearance Performance Accountability Council established under Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103), or any successor thereto. 
SEC. 1091. DESIGNATION OF CONSTRUCTION 
AGENT FOR CERTAIN CONSTRUC-TION PROJECTS BY DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs shall seek to enter into an agreement subject to subsections (b), (c), and (e) of section 1535 of title 31, United States Code, with the Army Corps of Engineers or another entity of the Federal Government to serve, on a reimburs-able basis, as the construction agent on all con-struction projects of the Department of Veterans Affairs specifically authorized by Congress after the date of the enactment of this Act that in-volve a total expenditure of more than $100,000,000, excluding any acquisition by ex-change. 
(b) A
GREEMENT .—Under the agreement en-
tered into under subsection (a), the construction agent shall provide design, procurement, and construction management services for the con-struction, alteration, and acquisition of facili-ties of the Department. 
TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS 
SEC. 1101. REQUIRED PROBATIONARY PERIOD 
FOR NEW EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EQUIRED PROBATIONARY PERIOD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 81 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1599e. Probationary period for employees 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 
3321 and 3393(d) of title 5, the appointment of a covered employee shall become final only after 
such employee has served a probationary period of two years. The Secretary of the military de-partment concerned may extend a probationary period under this subsection at the discretion of such Secretary. 
‘‘(b) C
OVERED EMPLOYEE DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘covered employee’ means any individual— 
‘‘(1) appointed to a permanent position within 
the competitive service at the Department of De-fense; or 
‘‘(2) appointed as a career appointee (as that 
term is defined in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5) within the Senior Executive Service at the De-partment. 
‘‘(c) E
MPLOYMENT BECOMES FINAL.—Upon the 
expiration of a covered employee’s probationary period under subsection (a), the supervisor of the employee shall determine whether the ap-pointment becomes final based on regulations prescribed for such purpose by the Secretary.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 81 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1599e. Probationary period for employees.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by 
subsection (a) shall apply to any covered em-ployee (as that term is defined in section 1599e of title 10, United States Code, as added by such subsection) appointed after the date of the en-actment of this section. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 3321(c)— (A) by striking ‘‘Service or’’ and inserting 
‘‘Service,’’; and 
(B) by inserting at the end before the period 
the following: ‘‘, or any individual covered by section 1599e of title 10’’; and 
(2) in section 3393(d), by adding at the end the 
following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to any individual covered by section 1599e of title 10.’’. 
SEC. 1102. DELAY OF PERIODIC STEP INCREASE 
FOR CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASED UPON UNACCEPTABLE PERFORM-ANCE. 
(a) D ELAY.—Under procedures established by 
the Secretary of Defense, upon a determination by the Secretary that the work of an employee is not at an acceptable level of competence, the period of time during which the work of the em-ployee is not at an acceptable level of com-petence shall not count toward completion of the period of service required for purposes of subsection (a) of section 5335 of title 5, United States Code, or subsection (e)(1) or (e)(2) of sec-tion 5343 of such title. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY TO PERIODS OF SERVICE .— 
Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to any period of service performed before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1103. PROCEDURES FOR REDUCTION IN 
FORCE OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN PERSONNEL. 
Section 1597 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) R
EDUCTIONS BASED PRIMARILY ON PER-
FORMANCE .—The Secretary of Defense shall es-
tablish procedures to provide that, in imple-menting any reduction in force for civilian posi-tions in the Department of Defense in the com-petitive service or the excepted service, the de-termination of which employees shall be sepa-rated from employment in the Department shall be made primarily on the basis of performance, as determined under any applicable perform-ance management system.’’. 
SEC. 1104. UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND 
WORKFORCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 81 of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1599e. United States Cyber Command re-
cruitment and retention 
‘‘(a) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—(1) The Secretary 
of Defense may— 
‘‘(A) establish, as positions in the excepted 
service, such qualified positions in the Depart-ment as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the responsibilities of the United States Cyber Command including— 
‘‘(i) staff of the headquarters of the United 
States Cyber Command provided to the Com-mand by the Air Force; 
‘‘(ii) elements of the United States Cyber Com-
mand enterprise relating to cyberspace oper-ations; 
‘‘(iii) elements of the United States Cyber 
Command provided by the armed forces; and 
‘‘(iv) positions formerly identified as— ‘‘(I) senior level positions designated under 
section 5376 of title 5; and 
‘‘(II) positions in the Senior Executive Service; ‘‘(B) appoint an individual to a qualified posi-
tion (after taking into consideration the avail-ability of preference eligibles for appointment to the position); and 
‘‘(C) subject to the requirements of subsections 
(b) and (c), fix the compensation of an indi-vidual for service in a qualified position. 
‘‘(2) The authority of the Secretary under this 
subsection applies without regard to the provi-sions of any other law relating to the appoint-ment, number, classification, or compensation of employees. 
‘‘(b) B
ASIC PAY.—(1) In accordance with this 
section, the Secretary shall fix the rates of basic pay for any qualified position established under subsection (a)— 
‘‘(A) in relation to the rates of pay provided 
for employees in comparable positions in the De-partment, in which the incumbent performs, manages, or supervises functions that execute the cyber mission of the Department; and 
‘‘(B) subject to the same limitations on max-
imum rates of pay established for such employ-ees by law or regulation. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may— ‘‘(A) consistent with section 5341 of title 5, 
adopt such provisions of that title as provide for prevailing rate systems of basic pay; and 
‘‘(B) apply those provisions to qualified posi-
tions for employees in or under which the De-partment may employ individuals described by section 5342(a)(2)(A) of such title. 
‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL COMPENSATION , INCENTIVES , 
ANDALLOWANCES .—(1) The Secretary may pro-
vide employees in qualified positions compensa-tion (in addition to basic pay), including bene-fits, incentives, and allowances, consistent with, and not in excess of the level authorized for, comparable positions authorized by title 5. 
‘‘(2) An employee in a qualified position 
whose rate of basic pay is fixed under sub-section (b)(1) shall be eligible for an allowance under section 5941 of title 5 on the same basis and to the same extent as if the employee was an employee covered by such section, including eligibility conditions, allowance rates, and all other terms and conditions in law or regulation. 
‘‘(d) P
LAN FOR EXECUTION OF AUTHORITIES .— 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this section, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate committees of Con-gress with a plan for the use of the authorities provided under this section. 
‘‘(e) C
OLLECTIVE BARGAINING AGREEMENTS .— 
Nothing in subsection (a) may be construed to impair the continued effectiveness of a collective bargaining agreement with respect to an office, component, subcomponent, or equivalent of the Department that is a successor to an office, com-ponent, subcomponent, or equivalent of the De-partment covered by the agreement before the succession. 
‘‘(f) R
EQUIRED REGULATIONS .—The Secretary, 
in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall prescribe regu-lations for the administration of this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4426 June 22, 2015 
‘‘(g) A NNUAL REPORT .—(1) Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this section, the Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Management, in coordination with the Secretary, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a de-tailed report on the administration of this sec-tion during the most recent one-year period. 
‘‘(2) Each report submitted under paragraph 
(1) shall include, for the period covered by the report, the following: 
‘‘(A) A discussion of the process used in ac-
cepting applications, assessing candidates, en-suring adherence to veterans’ preference, and selecting applicants for vacancies to be filled by an individual for a qualified position. 
‘‘(B) A description of the following: ‘‘(i) How the Secretary plans to fulfill the crit-
ical need of the Department to recruit and re-tain employees in qualified positions. 
‘‘(ii) The measures that will be used to meas-
ure progress. 
‘‘(iii) Any actions taken during the reporting 
period to fulfill such critical need. 
‘‘(C) A discussion of how the planning and 
actions taken under subparagraph (B) are inte-grated into the strategic workforce planning of the Department. 
‘‘(D) The metrics on actions occurring during 
the reporting period, including the following: 
‘‘(i) The number of employees in qualified po-
sitions hired, disaggregated by occupation, grade, and level or pay band. 
‘‘(ii) The placement of employees in qualified 
positions, disaggregated by directorate and of-fice within the Department. 
‘‘(iii) The total number of veterans hired. ‘‘(iv) The number of separations of employees 
in qualified positions, disaggregated by occupa-tion and grade and level or pay band. 
‘‘(v) The number of retirements of employees 
in qualified positions, disaggregated by occupa-tion, grade, and level or pay band. 
‘‘(vi) The number and amounts of recruitment, 
relocation, and retention incentives paid to em-ployees in qualified positions, disaggregated by occupation, grade, and level or pay band. 
‘‘(E) A description of the training provided to 
supervisors of employees in qualified positions at the Department on the use of the new au-thorities. 
‘‘(h) T
HREE-YEAR PROBATIONARY PERIOD .— 
The probationary period for all employees hired under the authority established in this section shall be three years. 
‘‘(i) I
NCUMBENTS OF EXISTING COMPETITIVE  
SERVICE POSITIONS .—(1) An individual serving 
in a position on the date of enactment of this section that is selected to be converted to a posi-tion in the excepted service under this section shall have the right to refuse such conversion. 
‘‘(2) After the date on which an individual 
who refuses a conversion under paragraph (1) stops serving in the position selected to be con-verted, the position may be converted to a posi-tion in the excepted service. 
‘‘(j) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘appropriate committees of Con-
gress’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘collective bargaining agree-
ment’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 7103(a)(8) of title 5. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘excepted service’ has the mean-
ing given that term in section 2103 of title 5. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘preference eligible’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 2108 of title 5. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘qualified position’ means a po-
sition, designated by the Secretary for the pur-pose of this section, in which the incumbent per-
forms, manages, or supervises functions that execute the responsibilities of the United States Cyber Command relating to cyber operations. 
‘‘(6) The term ‘Senior Executive Service’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 2101a of title 5.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
3132(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended in the matter following subparagraph (E)— 
(1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the 
semicolon; and 
(3) by inserting after clause (iii) the following 
new clause: 
‘‘(iv) any position established as a qualified 
position in the excepted service by the Secretary of Defense under section 1599e of title 10;’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 81 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1599d the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘1599e. United States Cyber Command recruit-
ment and retention.’’. 
SEC. 1105. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY 
TO WAIVE ANNUAL LIMITATION ON PREMIUM PAY AND AGGREGATE LIM-ITATION ON PAY FOR FEDERAL CI-VILIAN EMPLOYEES WORKING OVER-SEAS. 
Effective January 1, 2016, section 1101(a) of 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4615), as most recently amend-ed by section 1101 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2016’’. 
SEC. 1106. FIVE-YEAR EXTENSION OF EXPEDITED 
HIRING AUTHORITY FOR DES-IGNATED DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE POSITIONS. 
Section 1705(g)(2) of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. 
SEC. 1107. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF DISCRE-
TIONARY AUTHORITY TO GRANT AL-LOWANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATU-ITIES TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFICIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Paragraph (2) of section 1603(a) of the Emer-
gency Supplemental Appropriations Act for De-fense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 109–234; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4616) and most recently amended by section 1102 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
SEC. 1108. EXTENSION OF RATE OF OVERTIME 
PAY FOR DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY EMPLOYEES PERFORMING WORK ABOARD OR DOCKSIDE IN SUPPORT OF THE NUCLEAR-POWERED AIR-CRAFT CARRIER FORWARD DE-PLOYED IN JAPAN. 
Section 5542(a)(6)(B) of title 5, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. 
SEC. 1109. EXPANSION OF TEMPORARY AUTHOR-
ITY TO MAKE DIRECT APPOINT-MENTS OF CANDIDATES POSSESSING BACHELOR’S DEGREES TO SCI-ENTIFIC AND ENGINEERING POSI-TIONS AT SCIENCE AND TECH-NOLOGY REINVENTION LABORA-TORIES. 
(a) E XPANSION .—Section 1107(c)(1) of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended by striking ‘‘3 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2016, and shall apply with respect to appoint-
ments of candidates under section 1107(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2014 on or after that date. 
SEC. 1110. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR THE 
CIVILIAN ACQUISITION WORKFORCE PERSONNEL DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1762(g) of title 10, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Such section is 
further amended by striking ‘‘demonstration program’’ and inserting ‘‘demonstration project’’. 
SEC. 1111. PILOT PROGRAM ON DYNAMIC SHAP-
ING OF THE WORKFORCE TO IM-PROVE THE TECHNICAL SKILLS AND EXPERTISE AT CERTAIN DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE LABORATORIES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense shall carry out a pilot pro-gram to assess the feasability and advisability of the use of the authorities specified in subsection (b) at the Department of Defense laboratories specified in subsection (c) to permit the directors of such laboratories to dynamically shape the mix of technical skills and expertise in the workforces of such laboratories in order to achieve one or more of the following: 
(1) To meet organizational and Department- 
designated missions in the most cost-effective and efficient manner. 
(2) To upgrade and enhance the scientific 
quality of the workforces of such laboratories. 
(3) To shape such workforces to better respond 
to such missions. 
(4) To reduce the average unit cost of such 
workforces. 
(b) W
ORKFORCE SHAPING AUTHORITIES .—The 
authorities that may be used by the director of a Department of Defense laboratory under the pilot program are the following: 
(1) F
LEXIBLE LENGTH AND RENEWABLE TERM  
TECHNICAL APPOINTMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the provisions of 
this paragraph, authority otherwise available to the director by law (and within the available budgetary resources of the laboratory) to ap-point qualified scientific and technical per-sonnel who are not currently Department of De-fense civilian employees into any scientific or technical position in the laboratory for a period of more than one year but not more than six years. 
(B) B
ENEFITS .—Personnel appointed under 
this paragraph shall be provided with benefits comparable to those provided to similar employ-ees at the laboratory concerned, including pro-fessional development opportunities, eligibility for all laboratory awards programs, and des-ignation as ‘‘status applicants’’ for the purposes of eligibility for positions in the Federal service. 
(C) E
XTENSION OF APPOINTMENTS .—The ap-
pointment of any individual under this para-graph may be extended at any time during any term of service of the individual under this paragraph for an additional period of up to six years under such conditions as the director con-cerned shall establish for purposes of this para-graph. 
(D) C
ONSTRUCTION WITH CERTAIN LIMITA -
TION.—For purposes of determining the work-
force size of a laboratory in connection with compliance with section 955 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1896; 10 U.S.C. 129a note), any individual serving in an ap-pointment under this paragraph shall be treated as a fractional employee of the laboratory, which fraction is— 
(i) the current term of appointment of the in-
dividual under this paragraph; divided by 
(ii) the average length of tenure of a career 
employee at the laboratory, as calculated at the end of the last fiscal year ending before the date of the most recent appointment or extension of the individual under this paragraph. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4427 June 22, 2015 
(2) R EEMPLOYMENT OF ANNUITANTS .—Author-
ity to reemploy annuitants in accordance with section 9902(g) of title 5, United States Code, ex-cept that as a condition for reemployment the director may authorize the deduction from the pay of any annuitant so reemployed of an amount up to the amount of the annuity other-wise payable to such annuitant allocable to the period of actual employment of such annuitant, which amount shall be determined in a manner specified by the director for purposes of this paragraph to ensure the most cost effective exe-cution of designated missions by the laboratory while retaining critical technical skills. 
(3) E
ARLY RETIREMENT INCENTIVES .—Author-
ity to authorize voluntary early retirement of employees in accordance with section 8336 of title 5, United States Code, without regard to section 8336(d)(2)(D) or 3522 of such title, and with employees so separated voluntarily from service under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary of Defense for purposes of the pilot pro-gram. 
(4) S
EPARATION INCENTIVE PAY .—Authority to 
pay voluntary separation pay to employees in accordance with section 8414(b)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to clause (iv) or (v) of such section or section 3522, of such title, and with— 
(A) employees so separated voluntarily from 
service under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary of Defense for purposes of the pilot pro-gram; and 
(B) payments to employees so separated au-
thorized under section 3523 of such title without regard to— 
(i) the plan otherwise required by section 3522 
of such title; and 
(ii) paragraph (1) or (3) of section 3523(b) of 
such title. 
(c) L
ABORATORIES .—The Department of De-
fense laboratories specified in this subsection are the laboratories specified in section 1105(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2486; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
(d) E
XPIRATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority in this section 
shall expire on December 31, 2023. 
(2) C ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITIES EXERCISED  
BEFORE TERMINATION .—The expiration in para-
graph (1) shall not be construed to effect the continuation after the date specified in para-graph (1) of any term of employment or other benefit authorized under this section before that date in accordance with the terms of such au-thorization. 
SEC. 1112. PILOT PROGRAM ON TEMPORARY EX-
CHANGE OF FINANCIAL MANAGE-MENT AND ACQUISITION PER-SONNEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall carry out a pilot program to assess the fea-sibility and advisability of the temporary assign-ment of covered employees of the Department of Defense to nontraditional defense contractors and of covered employees of such contractors to the Department. 
(b) C
OVERED EMPLOYEES ; N ONTRADITIONAL  
DEFENSE CONTRACTORS .— 
(1) C OVERED EMPLOYEES .—An employee of the 
Department of Defense or a nontraditional De-fense contractor is a covered employee for pur-poses of this section if the employee— 
(A) works in the field of financial manage-
ment or in the acquisition field; 
(B) is considered by the Secretary of Defense 
to be an exceptional employee; and 
(C) is compensated at not less than the GS–11 
level (or the equivalent). 
(2) N
ONTRADITIONAL DEFENSE CONTRACTORS .— 
For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘nontradi-tional defense contractor’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2302(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
(c) A
GREEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall provide for a written agreement among the Department of Defense, the nontraditional de-
fense contractor concerned, and the employee concerned regarding the terms and conditions of the employee’s assignment under this section. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—An agreement under this sub-
section— 
(A) shall require, in the case of an employee 
of the Department, that upon completion of the assignment, the employee will serve in the civil service for a period at least equal to three times the length of the assignment, unless the em-ployee is sooner involuntarily separated from the service of the employee’s agency; and 
(B) shall provide that if the employee of the 
Department or of the contractor (as the case may be) fails to carry out the agreement, or if the employee is voluntarily separated from the service of the employee’s agency before the end of the period stated in the agreement, the em-ployee shall be liable to the United States for payment of all expenses of the assignment un-less that failure or voluntary separation was for good and sufficient reason, as determined by the Secretary. 
(3) D
EBT TO THE UNITED STATES .—An amount 
for which an employee is liable under paragraph (2)(B) shall be treated as a debt due the United States. The Secretary may waive, in whole or in part, collection of such a debt based on a deter-mination that the collection would be against equity and good conscience and not in the best interests of the United States. 
(d) T
ERMINATION .—An assignment under this 
section may, at any time and for any reason, be terminated by the Department of Defense or the nontraditional defense contractor concerned. 
(e) D
URATION .—An assignment under this sec-
tion shall be for a period of not less than three months and not more than one year. 
(f) S
TATUS OF FEDERAL EMPLOYEES ASSIGNED  
TOCONTRACTORS .—An employee of the Depart-
ment of Defense who is assigned to a nontradi-tional defense contractor under this section shall be considered, during the period of assign-ment, to be on detail to a regular work assign-ment in the Department for all purposes. The written agreement established under subsection (c) shall address the specific terms and condi-tions related to the employee’s continued status as a Federal employee. 
(g) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PRIVATE SEC-
TOREMPLOYEES .—An employee of a nontradi-
tional defense contractor who is assigned to a Department of Defense organization under this section— 
(1) shall continue to receive pay and benefits 
from the contractor from which such employee is assigned; 
(2) shall be deemed to be an employee of the 
Department of Defense for the purposes of— 
(A) chapter 73 of title 5, United States Code; (B) sections 201, 203, 205, 207, 208, 209, 603, 
606, 607, 643, 654, 1905, and 1913 of title 18, United States Code, and any other conflict of interest statute; 
(C) sections 1343, 1344, and 1349(b) of title 31, 
United States Code; 
(D) the Federal Tort Claims Act and any 
other Federal tort liability statute; 
(E) the Ethics in Government Act of 1978; (F) section 1043 of the Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986; 
(G) chapter 21 of title 41, United States Code; 
and 
(H) subchapter I of chapter 81 of title 5, 
United States Code, relating to compensation for work-related injuries; and 
(3) may not have access, while the employee is 
assigned to a Department organization, to any trade secrets or to any other nonpublic informa-tion which is of commercial value to the con-tractor from which such employee is assigned. 
(h) P
ROHIBITION AGAINST CHARGING CERTAIN  
COSTS TO FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .—A nontradi-
tional defense contractor may not charge the Department of Defense or any other agency of the Federal Government, as direct or indirect costs under a Federal contract, the costs of pay or benefits paid by the contractor to an em-
ployee assigned to a Department organization under this section for the period of the assign-ment. 
(i) C
ONSIDERATION .—In providing for assign-
ments of employees under this section, the Sec-retary of Defense shall take into consideration the question of how assignments might best be used to help meet the needs of the Department of Defense with respect to the training of em-ployees in financial management or in acquisi-tion. 
(j) N
UMERICAL LIMITATIONS .— 
(1) D EPARTMENT EMPLOYEES .—The number of 
employees of the Department of Defense who may be assigned to nontraditional defense con-tractors under this section at any given time may not exceed the following: 
(A) Five employees in the field of financial 
management. 
(B) Five employees in the acquisition field. (2) N
ONTRADITIONAL DEFENSE CONTRACTOR  
EMPLOYEES .—The total number of nontradi-
tional defense contractor employees who may be assigned to the Department under this section at any given time may not exceed 10 such employ-ees. 
(k) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY FOR ASSIGN -
MENTS .—No assignment of an employee may 
commence under this section after September 30, 2019. 
SEC. 1113. PILOT PROGRAM ON ENHANCED PAY 
AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN ACQUISI-TION AND TECHNOLOGY POSITIONS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of Defense may carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of using the pay authority specified in subsection (d) to fix the rate of basic pay for positions described in subsection (c) in order to assist the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the military de-partments in attracting and retaining high quality acquisition and technology experts in positions responsible for managing and devel-oping complex, high cost, technological acquisi-tion efforts of the Department of Defense. 
(b) A
PPROVAL REQUIRED .—The pilot program 
may be carried out only with approval as fol-lows: 
(1) Approval of the Under Secretary of De-
fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics, in the case of positions in the Office of the Secretary of Defense. 
(2) Approval of the Service Acquisition Execu-
tive of the military department concerned, in the case of positions in a military department. 
(c) P
OSITIONS .—The positions described in this 
subsection are positions that— 
(1) require expertise of an extremely high level 
in a scientific, technical, professional, or acqui-sition management field; and 
(2) are critical to the successful accomplish-
ment of an important acquisition or technology development mission. 
(d) R
ATE OF BASIC PAY.—The pay authority 
specified in this subsection is authority as fol-lows: 
(1) Authority to fix the rate of basic pay for 
a position at a rate not to exceed 150 percent of the rate of basic pay payable for level I of the Executive Schedule, upon the approval of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics or the Service Acqui-sition Executive concerned, as applicable. 
(2) Authority to fix the rate of basic pay for 
a position at a rate in excess of 150 percent of the rate of basic pay payable for level I of the Executive Schedule, upon the approval of the Secretary of Defense. 
(e) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority in subsection 
(a) may be used only to the extent necessary to competitively recruit or retain individuals excep-tionally well qualified for positions described in subsection (c). 
(2) N
UMBER OF POSITIONS .—The authority in 
subsection (a) may not be used with respect to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4428 June 22, 2015 
more than five positions in the Office of the Sec-
retary of Defense and more than five positions in each military department at any one time. 
(3) T
ERM OF POSITIONS .—The authority in 
subsection (a) may be used only for positions having terms less than five years. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority to fix rates of 
basic pay for a position under this section shall terminate on October 1, 2020. 
(2) C
ONTINUATION OF PAY .—Nothing in para-
graph (1) shall be construed to prohibit the pay-ment after October 1, 2020, of basic pay at rates fixed under this section before that date for po-sitions whose terms continue after that date. 
SEC. 1114. PILOT PROGRAM ON DIRECT HIRE AU-
THORITY FOR VETERAN TECHNICAL EXPERTS INTO THE DEFENSE ACQUI-SITION WORKFORCE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Secretary of De-
fense shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of appointing qualified veteran candidates to positions de-scribed in subsection (b) in the defense acquisi-tion workforce of the military departments with-out regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program in each military department through the Service Acquisition Executive of such military depart-ment. 
(b) P
OSITIONS .—The positions described in this 
subsection are scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics positions, including techni-cians, within the defense acquisition workforce. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—Authority under subsection 
(a) may not, in any calendar year and with re-spect to any military department, be exercised with respect to a number of candidates greater than the number equal to 1 percent of the total number positions the acquisition workforce of that military department that are filled as of the close of the fiscal year last ending before the start of such calendar year. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘employee’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given 
that term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The authority to appoint 
candidates to positions under the pilot program shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) E
FFECT ON EXISTING APPOINTMENTS .—The 
termination by paragraph (1) of the authority in subsection (a) shall not affect any appointment made under that authority before the termi-nation date specified in paragraph (1) in ac-cordance with the terms of such appointment. 
SEC. 1115. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR TECH-
NICAL EXPERTS INTO THE DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Each Secretary of a military 
department may appoint qualified candidates possessing a scientific or engineering degree to positions described in subsection (b) for that military department without regard to the provi-sions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY .—Positions described in 
this subsection are scientific and engineering positions within the defense acquisition work-force. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—Authority under this section 
may not, in any calendar year and with respect to any military department, be exercised with respect to a number of candidates greater than the number equal to 5 percent of the total num-ber of scientific and engineering positions with-in the acquisition workforce of that military de-partment that are filled as of the close of the fis-cal year last ending before the start of such cal-endar year. 
(d) N
ATURE OF APPOINTMENT .—Any appoint-
ment under this section shall be treated as an appointment on a full-time equivalent basis, un-
less such appointment is made on a term or tem-porary basis. 
(e) E
MPLOYEE DEFINED .—In this section, the 
term ‘‘employee’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to make ap-
pointments under this section shall not be avail-able after December 31, 2020. 
TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO 
FOREIGN NATIONS 
Subtitle A—Training and Assistance 
SEC. 1201. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF FUNDING 
LIMITATIONS FOR AUTHORITY TO BUILD THE CAPACITY OF FOREIGN SECURITY FORCES. 
Section 1205(d) of the Carl Levin and Howard 
P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2015’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘section 4301’’ and insert-ing ‘‘for fiscal year 2015 or 2016 for the Depart-ment of Defense for operation and mainte-nance’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, in such fiscal year’’ before 
the period; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year speci-fied in that paragraph’’. 
SEC. 1202. EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF AU-
THORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT TO THE GOVERNMENT OF JORDAN FOR BORDER SECURITY OPERATIONS. 
(a) E XPANSION TO GOVERNMENT OF LEB-
ANON .—Subsection (a) of section 1207 of the Na-
tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 902; 22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘and the Government of Leb-
anon’’ after ‘‘the Government of Jordan’’ each place it appears; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘armed forces of Jordan’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘armed forces of the country concerned’’. 
(b) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of 
such section is further amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘maintaining’’ and inserting 
‘‘enhancing’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘increase security and sustain 
increased security along the border between Jor-dan and Syria’’ and inserting ‘‘sustain security along the border of Jordan with Syria and Iraq and increase or sustain security along the bor-der of Lebanon with Syria, as applicable’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘maintain’’ and inserting ‘‘en-
hance’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘increase security or sustain 
increased security along the border between Jor-dan and Syria’’ and inserting ‘‘sustain security along the border of Jordan with Syria and Iraq or increase or sustain security along the border of Lebanon with Syria, as applicable’’. 
(c) F
UNDS.—Subsection (b) of such section is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) F UNDS AVAILABLE FOR ASSISTANCE .— 
While the authority in this section is in effect, amounts may be used to provide assistance under the authority in subsection (a) as follows: 
‘‘(1) Amounts authorized to be appropriated 
for a fiscal year for the Department of Defense and available for reimbursement of certain coa-lition nations for support provided to United States military operations pursuant to section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–81). 
‘‘(2) Amounts authorized to be appropriated 
for a fiscal year for the Department of Defense for the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund.’’. 
(d) L
IMITATIONS .—Subsection (c) of such sec-
tion is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may not ex-
ceed $150,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘in any fiscal year may not exceed $125,000,000’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the 
following new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE TO GOVERNMENT OF LEB -
ANON .—Assistance provided under the authority 
in subsection (a) to the Government of Lebanon may be used only for the armed forces of Leb-anon, and may not be used for or to reimburse Hezbollah or any forces other than the armed forces of Lebanon.’’. 
(e) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (f) 
of such section is amended by striking ‘‘Decem-ber 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
(f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading 
of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1207. ASSISTANCE TO THE GOVERNMENT 
OF JORDAN AND THE GOVERNMENT OF LEBANON FOR BORDER SECU-RITY OPERATIONS.’’. 
SEC. 1203. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO CON-
DUCT ACTIVITIES TO ENHANCE THE CAPABILITY OF FOREIGN COUN-TRIES TO RESPOND TO INCIDENTS INVOLVING WEAPONS OF MASS DE-STRUCTION. 
Section 1204(h) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 897; 10 U.S.C. 401 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. 
SEC. 1204. REDESIGNATION, MODIFICATION, AND 
EXTENSION OF NATIONAL GUARD STATE PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—The heading of section 
1205 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 897; 32 U.S.C. 107 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1205. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STATE 
PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM.’’. 
(b) S COPE OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of 
such section is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a program 
of exchanges’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘a program of activities described in paragraph (2) between members of the National Guard of a State or territory and any of the following: 
‘‘(A) The military forces of a foreign country. ‘‘(B) The security forces of a foreign country. ‘‘(C) Governmental organizations of a foreign 
country whose primary functions include dis-aster response or emergency response.’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the 
following new paragraph (2): 
‘‘(2) S
TATE PARTNERSHIP .—Each program es-
tablished under this subsection shall be known as a ‘State Partnership’.’’. 
(c) L
IMITATION .—Subsection (b) of such sec-
tion is amended by striking ‘‘activity under a program’’ and all that follows through ‘‘State or territory,’’ and inserting ‘‘activity with forces referred to in subsection (a)(1)(B) or organiza-tions described in subsection (a)(1)(C) under a program established under subsection (a)’’. 
(d) S
TATE PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM FUND.—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall jointly submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth a joint assessment of the feasibility and advis-ability of establishing a central fund to manage funds for programs and activities under the De-partment of Defense State Partnership Program under section 1205 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014, as amended by this section. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subsection 
(e)(2) of such section is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘a program’’ and inserting 
‘‘each program’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘the program’’ and inserting 
‘‘such program’’. 
(f) P ERMANENT AUTHORITY .—Such section is 
further amended by striking subsection (i). 
(g) E NHANCED SCOPE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub-
section (a)(1) of such section, as amended by subsection (b)(1) of this section, is further amended by inserting after ‘‘activities described 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4429 June 22, 2015 
in paragraph (2)’’ the following: ‘‘, to support 
the security cooperation objectives of the United States,’’. 
(h) P
ROCEDURES .—Such section, as amended 
by subsections (b) through (f) of this section, is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) through 
(g) as subsections (d) through (h), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION OF ACTIVITIES .—The Chief 
of the National Guard Bureau shall designate a director for each State and territory to be re-sponsible for the coordination of activities under a program established under subsection (a) for such State or territory and reporting on activi-ties under the program.’’. 
(i) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Paragraph (2)(B) of 
subsection (f) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (h)(1) of this section, is amended— 
(1) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘or other gov-
ernment organizations’’ after ‘‘and security forces’’; 
(2) in clause (iv), by adding at the end before 
the period the following: ‘‘and country’’; 
(3) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘training’’ and 
inserting ‘‘activities’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) An assessment of the extent to which the 
activities conducted during the previous year met the objectives described in clause (v).’’. 
SEC. 1205. AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE SUPPORT TO 
NATIONAL MILITARY FORCES OF AL-LIED COUNTRIES FOR COUNTERTER-RORISM OPERATIONS IN AFRICA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense is 
authorized, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide, on a nonreimbursable basis, logistic support, supplies, and services to the na-tional military forces of an allied country con-ducting counterterrorism operations in Africa if the Secretary of Defense determines that the provision of such logistic support, supplies, and services, on a nonreimbursable basis, is— 
(1) in the national security interests of the 
United States; and 
(2) critical to the timely and effective partici-
pation of such national military forces in such operations. 
(b) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON SUPPORT PRO-
VIDED .—Not later than 15 days after providing 
logistic support, supplies, or services under sub-section (a), the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a notice setting forth the following: 
(1) The determination of the Secretary speci-
fied in subsection (a). 
(2) The type of logistic support, supplies, or 
services provided. 
(3) The national military forces supported. (4) The purpose of the operations for which 
such support was provided, and the objectives of such support. 
(5) The estimated cost of such support. (6) The intended duration of such support. (c) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may not use the authority in subsection (a) to provide any type of support that is otherwise prohibited by any other provision of law. 
(2) A
MOUNT .—The aggregate amount of logis-
tic support, supplies, and services provided under subsection (a) in any fiscal year may not exceed $100,000,000. 
(d) R
EPORTS .—Not later than six months after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and every six months thereafter through the expiration date in subsection (f) of the authority provided by this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a description of the use of the authority provided by this section during the six-month period ending on the date of such report. Each report shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the extent to which the 
support provided under this section during the period covered by such report facilitated the na-tional military forces of allied countries so sup-
ported in conducting counterterrorism oper-ations in Africa. 
(2) A description of any efforts by countries 
that received such support to address, as prac-ticable, the requirements of their forces for logis-tics support, supplies, or services for conducting counterterrorism operations in Africa, including under acquisition and cross-servicing agree-ments. 
(e) L
OGISTIC SUPPORT , SUPPLIES , AND SERV-
ICESDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘logis-
tic support, supplies, and services’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2350(1) of title 10, United States Code. 
(f) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided by 
this section may not be exercised after Sep-tember 30, 2018. 
SEC. 1206. AUTHORITY TO BUILD THE CAPACITY 
OF FOREIGN MILITARY INTEL-LIGENCE FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
with the concurrence of the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of State, is au-thorized to conduct or support a program or pro-grams to train the military intelligence forces of a foreign county in order for that country to— 
(1) improve interoperability with United States 
and allied forces; 
(2) enhance the capacity of such forces to re-
ceive and act upon time-sensitive intelligence; 
(3) increase the capacity and capability of 
such forces to fuse and analyze intelligence; and 
(4) ensure the ability of such forces to support 
the military forces of that country in conducting lawful military operations in which intelligence plays a critical role. 
(b) T
YPES OF SUPPORT .— 
(1) A UTHORIZED ELEMENTS .—A program under 
subsection (a) may include the provision of training, and associated supplies and support. 
(2) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS .—A program under 
subsection (a) shall include elements that pro-mote the following: 
(A) Observance of and respect for human 
rights and fundamental freedoms. 
(B) Respect for civilian control of the military. (c) L
IMITATIONS .— 
(1) A NNUAL FUNDING LIMITATION .—Of the 
amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for a fiscal year and available for the military intelligence program (MIP), the Secretary of Defense may use up to $25,000,000 in such fiscal year to carry out pro-grams authorized by subsection (a). 
(2) A
SSISTANCE OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY  
LAW.—The Secretary of Defense may not use the 
authority in subsection (a) to provide any type of assistance described in subsection (b) that is otherwise prohibited by any provision of law. 
(3) L
IMITATION ON ELIGIBLE COUNTRIES .—The 
Secretary of Defense may not use the authority in subsection (a) to provide assistance described in subsection (b) to any foreign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such assist-ance under any other provision of law. 
(d) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not less 
than 15 days before initiating activities under a program under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a notice on the following: 
(1) The country whose capacity to engage in 
activities in subsection (a) will be built under the program. 
(2) The budget, implementation timeline with 
milestones, military department responsible for management and associated program executive office, and completion date for the program. 
(3) Assurances, if any, provided with respect 
to an enduring arrangement between the United States and the forces provided training pursu-ant to subsection (a). 
(4) The objectives and assessment framework 
to be used to develop capability and perform-ance metrics associated with operational out-comes for the recipient forces. 
(5) An assessment of the capacity of the re-
cipient country to absorb assistance under the program. (6) An assessment of the manner in which the 
program fits into the theater security coopera-tion strategy of the applicable geographic com-batant command. 
(e) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on In-telligence of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Ap-propriations, and the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence of the House of Represent-atives. 
SEC. 1207. PROHIBITION ON ASSISTANCE TO EN-
TITIES IN YEMEN CONTROLLED BY THE HOUTHI MOVEMENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No amounts authorized to 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the De-partment of Defense by this Act may be used to provide assistance to an entity in Yemen that is controlled by members of the Houthi movement. 
(b) N
ATIONAL SECURITY EXCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The prohibition in sub-
section (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, determines that the provi-sion of assistance as described in that subsection is important to the national security interests of the United States. 
(2) N
OTICE REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days 
after providing assistance under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees notice on such assistance, including the following: 
(A) The assistance provided. (B) The rationale for the provision of such as-
sistance. 
(C) The national security interests of the 
United States in providing such assistance. 
(3) F
ORM.—Each notice under paragraph (2) 
shall be submitted in an unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1208. REPORT ON POTENTIAL SUPPORT FOR 
THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPOSITION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report setting forth a detailed description of the military sup-port the Secretary considers it necessary to pro-vide to recipients of assistance under section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541) upon their return to Syria to make use of such assistance. 
(b) C
OVERED POTENTIAL SUPPORT .—The sup-
port the Secretary may consider it necessary to provide for purposes of the report is the fol-lowing: 
(1) Logistical support. (2) Defensive supportive fire. (3) Intelligence. (4) Medical support. (5) Any other support the Secretary considers 
appropriate for purposes of the report. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include the 
following: 
(1) For each type of support the Secretary 
considers it necessary to provide as described in subsection (a), a description of the actions to be taken by the Secretary to ensure that such sup-port would not benefit any of the following: 
(A) The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), 
the Al-Nusra Front, al-Qaeda, the Khorasan Group, or any other extremist Islamic organiza-tion 
(B) The Syrian Arab Army or any group or or-
ganization supporting President Bashir Assad. 
(2) An estimate of the cost of providing such 
support. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to constitute an au-thorization for the use of force in Syria. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4430 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 1209. SUPPORT FOR SECURITY OF AFGHAN 
WOMEN AND GIRLS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) Through the sacrifice and dedication of 
members of the Armed Forces, civilian per-sonnel, and our Afghan partners as well as the American people’s generous investment, oppres-sive Taliban rule has given way to a nascent de-mocracy in Afghanistan. It is in our national security interest to help prevent Afghanistan from ever again becoming a safe haven and training ground for international terrorism and to solidify and preserve the gains our men and women in uniform fought so hard to establish. 
(2) The United States through its National Ac-
tion Plan on Women, Peace, and Security has made firm commitments to support the human rights of the women and girls of Afghanistan. The National Action Plan states that ‘‘the en-gagement and protection of women as agents of peace and stability will be central to United States efforts to promote security, prevent, re-spond to, and resolve conflict, and rebuild soci-eties’’. 
(3) As stated in the Department of Defense’s 
October 2014 Report on Progress Toward Secu-rity and Stability in Afghanistan, the Depart-ment of Defense and the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) ‘‘maintain a robust program dedicated to improving the recruitment, retention, and treatment of women in the Af-ghan National Security Forces (ANSF), and to improving the status of Afghan women in gen-eral’’. 
(4) According to the Department of Defense’s 
October 2014 Report on Progress Toward Secu-rity and Stability in Afghanistan, the ‘‘Afghan MoI showed significant support for women in the MoI and is taking steps to protect and em-
power female police and female MoI staff’’. Al-though some positive steps have been made, progress remains slow to reach the MoI’s goal of recruiting 10,000 women in the Afghan National Police (ANP) in the next 10 years. 
(5) According to Inclusive Security, women 
only make up approximately 1 percent of the Af-ghan National Police. There are about 2,200 women serving in the police force, fewer than the goal of 5,000 women set by the Government of Afghanistan. 
(6) According to the International Crisis 
Group, there are not enough female police offi-cers to staff all provincial Family Response Units (FRUs). United Nations Assistance Mis-sion Afghanistan and the Office of the High Commissioner for Refugees found that ‘‘in the absence of Family Response Units or visible women police officers, women victims almost never approach police stations willingly, fearing they will be arrested, their reputations stained or worse’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON PROMOTION OF SE-
CURITY OF AFGHAN WOMEN .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) it is in the national security interests of 
the United States to prevent Afghanistan from again becoming a safe haven and training ground for international terrorism; 
(2) as an important part of a strategy to 
achieve this objective and to help Afghanistan achieve its full potential, the United States Gov-ernment should continue to regularly press the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghani-stan to commit to the meaningful inclusion of women in the political, economic, and security transition process and to ensure that women’s concerns are fully reflected in relevant negotia-tions; 
(3) the United States Government and the 
Government of Afghanistan should reaffirm their commitment to supporting Afghan civil so-ciety, including women’s organizations, as agreed to during the meeting between the Inter-national Community and the Government of Af-ghanistan on the Tokyo Mutual Accountability Framework (TMAF) in July 2013; 
(4) the United States Government should con-
tinue to support and encourage efforts to recruit and retain women in the Afghan National Secu-
rity Forces, who are critical to the success of NATO’s Resolute Support Mission and future Enduring Partnership mission; and 
(5) the United States should bid on no less 
than one gender advisor billet within the Reso-lute Support Mission Gender Advisory Unit and continue to work with other countries to ensure that the Resolute Support Mission Gender Advi-sory Unit billets are fully staffed. 
(c) P
LANTOPROMOTE SECURITY OF AFGHAN  
WOMEN .— 
(1) R EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary 
of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of State, shall include in the report required under section 1225 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3550)— 
(A) an assessment of the security of Afghan 
women and girls, including information regard-ing efforts to increase the recruitment and re-tention of women in the ANSF; and 
(B) an assessment of the implementation of 
the plans for the recruitment, integration, reten-tion, training, treatment, and provision of ap-propriate facilities and transportation for women in the ANSF, including the challenges associated with such implementation and the steps being taken to address those challenges. 
(2) P
LAN REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to the extent practicable, support the ef-forts of the Government of Afghanistan to pro-mote the security of Afghan women and girls during and after the security transition process through the development and implementation by the Government of Afghanistan of an Afghan- led plan that should include the elements de-scribed in this paragraph. 
(B) T
RAINING .—The Secretary of Defense, 
working with the NATO-led Resolute Support mission should encourage the Government of Af-ghanistan to develop— 
(i) measures for the evaluation of the effec-
tiveness of existing training for Afghan Na-tional Security Forces on this issue; 
(ii) a plan to increase the number of female se-
curity officers specifically trained to address cases of gender-based violence, including ensur-ing the Afghan National Police’s Family Re-sponse Units (FRUs) have the necessary re-sources and are available to women across Af-ghanistan; 
(iii) mechanisms to enhance the capacity for 
units of National Police’s Family Response Units to fulfill their mandate as well as indica-tors measuring the operational effectiveness of these units; 
(iv) a plan to address the development of ac-
countability mechanisms for ANA and ANP per-sonnel who violate codes of conduct related to the human rights of women and girls, including female members of the ANSF; and 
(v) a plan to develop training for the ANA 
and the ANP to increase awareness and respon-siveness among ANA and ANP personnel regard-ing the unique security challenges women con-front when serving in those forces. 
(C) E
NROLLMENT AND TREATMENT .—The Sec-
retary of Defense, in cooperation with the Af-ghan Ministries of Defense and Interior, shall seek to assist the Government of Afghanistan in including as part of the plan developed under subparagraph (A) the development and imple-mentation of a plan to increase the number of female members of the ANA and ANP and to promote their equal treatment, including through such steps as providing appropriate equipment, modifying facilities, and ensuring literacy and gender awareness training for re-cruits. 
(D) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Of the funds available to the 
Department of Defense for the Afghan Security Forces Fund for Fiscal Year 2016, no less than $10,000,000 should be used for the recruitment, integration, retention, training, and treatment 
of women in the ANSF as well as the recruit-ment, training, and contracting of female secu-rity personnel for future elections. 
(ii) T
YPES OF PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .— 
Such programs and activities may include— 
(I) efforts to recruit women into the ANSF, in-
cluding the special operations forces; 
(II) programs and activities of the Afghan 
Ministry of Defense Directorate of Human Rights and Gender Integration and the Afghan Ministry of Interior Office of Human Rights, Gender and Child Rights; 
(III) development and dissemination of gender 
and human rights educational and training ma-terials and programs within the Afghan Min-istry of Defense and the Afghan Ministry of In-terior; 
(IV) efforts to address harassment and vio-
lence against women within the ANSF; 
(V) improvements to infrastructure that ad-
dress the requirements of women serving in the ANSF, including appropriate equipment for fe-male security and police forces, and transpor-tation for policewomen to their station 
(VI) support for ANP Family Response Units; 
and 
(VII) security provisions for high-profile fe-
male police and army officers. 
Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan, 
Pakistan, and Iraq 
SEC. 1221. DRAWDOWN OF UNITED STATES 
FORCES IN AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the drawdown of United States forces in 
Afghanistan should be based on security condi-tions in Afghanistan and United States security interests in the region; and 
(2) as the Afghan National Defense Security 
Forces develop security capabilities and capac-ity, an appropriate United States and inter-national presence should continue, upon invita-tion by the Government of Afghanistan, to pro-vide adequate capability and capacity to pre-serve gains made to date and continue counter-terrorism operations in Afghanistan against ter-rorist organizations that can threaten United States interests or the United States homeland. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION ON REDEPLOYMENTS OF US 
FORCES FROMAFGHANISTAN .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 10 days after 
the approval by the Secretary of Defense of or-ders to redeploy United States forces from Af-ghanistan in order to effect a reduction of the United States force presence in Afghanistan by a significant amount in accordance with plans approved by the President to drawdown United States forces in Afghanistan, the President shall certify to the congressional defense committees that the reduction of such force presence will re-sult in an acceptable level of risk to United States national security objectives taking into consideration the security conditions on the ground. 
(2) S
IGNIFICANT AMOUNT .—For the purposes of 
this subsection, a significant amount in the re-duction of the force presence of United States forces shall be a reduction by the lesser of— 
(A) 1,000 or more troops; or (B) the number of troops equal to 20 percent 
of the troops in Afghanistan at the time of the reduction. 
(3) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the re-
quirement for a certification under paragraph (1) if the making of the certification would im-pede national security objectives of the United States. The President shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on each such waiver, including the national security ob-jectives that would otherwise be impeded if not for the waiver. 
SEC. 1222. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
COMMANDERS’ EMERGENCY RE-SPONSE PROGRAM. 
(a) O NE-YEAR EXTENSION .—Section 1201 of the 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4431 June 22, 2015 
Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1619), as 
most recently amended by section 1221 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3546), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ in subsections (a), (b), and (f) and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(b) R
ESTRICTION ON AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS .— 
Subsection (e) of such section 1201, as so amend-ed, is further amended by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’. 
(c) S
UBMITTAL OF REVISED GUIDANCE .—Not 
later than 15 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a copy of the guidance issued by the Secretary to the Armed Forces concerning the Commanders’ Emergency Response Program in Afghanistan as revised to take into account the amendments made by this section. 
(d) A
UTHORITY FOR CERTAIN PAYMENTS TO 
REDRESS INJURY AND LOSS IN IRAQ.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—During fiscal year 2016, 
amounts available pursuant to section 1201 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2012, as amended by this section, shall also be available for ex gratia payments for damage, personal injury, or death that is inci-dent to combat operations of the Armed Forces in Iraq. 
(2) A
UTHORITIES APPLICABLE TO PAYMENT .— 
Any payment made pursuant to this subsection shall be made in accordance with the authorities and limitations in section 8121 of the Depart-ment of Defense Appropriations Act, 2015 (divi-sion C of Public Law 113–235), other than sub-section (h) of such section. 
(3) C
ONSTRUCTION WITH RESTRICTION ON  
AMOUNT OF PAYMENTS .—For purposes of the ap-
plication of subsection (e) of such section 1201, as so amended, to any payment under this sub-section, such payment shall be deemed to be a project described by such subsection (e). 
SEC. 1223. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANS-
FER DEFENSE ARTICLES AND PRO-VIDE DEFENSE SERVICES TO THE MILITARY AND SECURITY FORCES OF AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1222 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as amended by section 1231 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2105 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2016’’. 
(b) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Subsection (f)(1) of 
such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2017’’. 
(c) E
XCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—Subsection 
(i)(2) of such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘, 2014, and 2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘through 2016’’. 
SEC. 1224. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF 
AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PROVIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1233 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–81; 122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1222 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub-lic Law 113–291), is further amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘fiscal year 2016’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Operation 
Enduring Freedom’’ and inserting ‘‘Operation Freedom’s Sentinel’’. 
(b) O
THER SUPPORT .—Subsection (b) of such 
section 1233, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘Operation Enduring Freedom’’ and inserting ‘‘Operation Freedom’s Sentinel’’. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNTS AVAILABLE .— 
Subsection (d)(1) of such section 1233, as so amended, is further amended— (1) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘during 
fiscal year 2015 may not exceed $1,200,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $1,160,000,000’’; and 
(2) in the third sentence, by striking ‘‘during 
fiscal year 2015 may not exceed $1,000,000,000’’ 
and inserting ‘‘during fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $900,000,000’’. 
(d) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Subsection (f) of 
such section 1233, as added by section 1223(e) of the National Defense Authorization act for Fis-cal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2520), is amended by striking ‘‘on any’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘on any reimburse-ments made during such quarter under the au-thorities as follows: 
‘‘(1) Subsection (a). ‘‘(2) Subsection (b). ‘‘(3) Section 1224(h) of the National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
(e) E
XTENSION OF NOTICE REQUIREMENT RE-
LATING TO REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKISTAN FOR  
SUPPORT PROVIDED BY PAKISTAN .—Section 
1232(b)(6) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1222 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Act for Fiscal Year 2015, is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2016’’. 
(f) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  
PAKISTAN .—Section 1227(d)(1) of the National 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2001), as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(g) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  
PAKISTAN .—Of the total amount of reimburse-
ments and support authorized for Pakistan dur-ing fiscal year 2016 pursuant to the third sen-tence of section 1233(d)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (as amended by subsection (c)(2)), $300,000,000 shall not be eligible for the waiver under section 1227(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 2001) unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that— 
(1) Pakistan has undertaken military oper-
ations in North Waziristan that have contrib-uted to significantly disrupting the safe haven and freedom of movement of the Haqqani net-work in Pakistan; 
(2) Pakistan has taken actions that have dem-
onstrated a commitment to ensuring that North Waziristan does not return to being a safe haven for the Haqqani network; and 
(3) the Government of Pakistan has taken ac-
tions to promote stability in Afghanistan, in-cluding encouraging the participation of the Taliban in reconciliation talks with the Govern-ment of Afghanistan. 
(h) A
VAILABILITY OF CERTAIN FUNDS FOR STA-
BILITY ACTIVITIES IN FATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the total amount of reim-
bursements and support authorized for Pakistan during fiscal year 2016 pursuant to the third sentence of section 1233(d)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (as so amended), $100,000,000 may be available for stability activities undertaken by Pakistan in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), including the provision of funds to the Pakistan military and the Pakistan Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkhwa for activities un-dertaken in support of the following: 
(A) Building and maintaining border outposts. (B) Strengthening cooperative efforts between 
the Pakistan military and the Afghan National Defense Security Forces in activities that in-clude— 
(i) bilateral meetings to enhance border secu-
rity coordination; 
(ii) sustaining critical infrastructure within 
the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, such as maintaining key ground lines of communica-tion; (iii) increasing training for the Pakistan 
Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkhwa; and 
(iv) training to improve interoperability be-
tween the Pakistan military and the Pakistan Frontier Corps Khyber Pakhtunkwha. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 
2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on the expenditure of funds available under paragraph (1), including a description of the following: 
(A) The purpose for which such funds were 
expended. 
(B) Each organization on whose behalf such 
funds were expended, including the amount ex-pended on such organization and the number of members of such organization trained with such amount. 
(C) Any limitation imposed on the expenditure 
of funds under that paragraph, including on any recipient of funds or any use of funds ex-pended. 
(3) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-
priate congressional committees’’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 1233(g) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008. 
SEC. 1225. PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER TO VIO-
LENT EXTREMIST ORGANIZATIONS OF EQUIPMENT OR SUPPLIES PRO-VIDED BY THE UNITED STATES TO THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAQ. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No assistance authorized 
by section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291) may be provided to the Government of Iraq after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to Congress, after the date of the enactment of this Act, that appropriate steps have been taken by the Government of Iraq to safeguard against transferring or otherwise pro-viding such assistance to violent extremist orga-nizations. 
(b) V
IOLENT EXTREMIST ORGANIZATION .—For 
purposes of this section, an organization is a violent extremist organization if the organiza-tion— 
(1) is a terrorist group or is associated with a 
terrorist group; or 
(2) is known to be under the command and 
control of, or is associated with, the Government of Iran. 
(c) R
EPORTS ON TRANSFERS OF EQUIPMENT OR  
SUPPLIES TO VIOLENT EXTREMIST ORGANIZA -
TIONS .— 
(1) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 
days after the Secretary of Defense makes any determination that equipment or supplies pro-vided pursuant to section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 have been transferred to a violent extremist or-ganization, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report on the determination and the transfer. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under paragraph 
(1) shall include, for the transfer covered by such report, the following: 
(A) An assessment of the type and quantity of 
equipment or supplies so transferred. 
(B) A description of the criteria used to deter-
mine that the organization to which transferred was a violent extremist organization. 
(C) A description, if known, of how such 
equipment or supplies were transferred or ac-quired by the violent extremist organization con-cerned. 
(D) If such equipment or supplies are deter-
mined to remain under the current control of any violent extremist organization, a description of each such organization, including its rela-tionship, if any, with the security forces of the Government of Iraq. 
(E) A description of end use monitoring or 
other policies and procedures in place for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4432 June 22, 2015 
equipment or supplies so transferred in order 
prevent the transfer or acquisition of such equipment or supplies by violent extremist orga-nizations. 
(d) S
UBMITTAL TIME FOR QUARTERLY  
PROGRESS REPORTS ON ASSISTANCE TOCOUNTER  
ISIL.—Section 1236(d) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 is amended by striking ‘‘30 days thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘90 days thereafter’’. 
SEC. 1226. REPORT ON LINES OF COMMUNICA-
TION OF ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LEVANT AND OTHER FOR-EIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report set-ting forth the following: 
(1) An assessment of the lines of communica-
tion that enable the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), Jabhal al-Nusra, and other foreign terrorist organizations by facilitating the delivery of foreign fighters, funding, equip-ment, or other assistance through countries bor-dering on Syria. 
(2) An assessment of the impacts of the lines 
of communication described in paragraph (1) on the security of the United States homeland and the protection of personnel and installations of the Department of Defense and diplomatic fa-cilities in Europe and the Middle East. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services and the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1227. MODIFICATION OF PROTECTION FOR 
AFGHAN ALLIES. 
(a) C OVERED AFGHANS .— 
(1) T ERM OF EMPLOYMENT .—Clause (ii) of sec-
tion 602(b)(2)(A) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘year—’’ and inserting ‘‘year, or, if submitting a petition after September 30, 2015, for a period of not less than 2 years—’’. 
(2) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) S UCCESSOR NAME FOR INTERNATIONAL SE -
CURITY ASSISTANCE FORCE .—Subclause (II) of 
section 602(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Afghan Allies Pro-tection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amend-ed— 
(i) in the matter preceding item (aa), by strik-
ing ‘‘Force’’ and inserting ‘‘Force (or any suc-cessor name for such Force)’’; 
(ii) in item (aa), by striking ‘‘Force,’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Force (or any successor name for such Force),’’; and 
(iii) in item (bb), by striking ‘‘Force;’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Force (or any successor name for such Force);’’. 
(B) S
HORT TITLE .—Section 601 of the Afghan 
Allies Protection Act of 2009 is amended by striking ‘‘This Act’’ and inserting ‘‘This title’’. 
(C) E
XECUTIVE AGENCY REFERENCE .—Section 
602(c)(4) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 is amended by striking ‘‘section 4 of the Of-fice of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 133 of title 41, United States Code’’. 
(b) N
UMERICAL LIMITATIONS .—Subparagraph 
(F) of section 602(b)(3) of the Afghan Allies Pro-tection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amend-ed— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
2015 AND 2016 ’’ 
and inserting ‘‘ 2015, 2016, AND 2017 ’’; 
(2) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘and ending on September 30, 
2016,’’ and inserting ‘‘until such time that avail-able special immigrant visas under subpara-graphs (D) and (E) and this subparagraph are exhausted,’’ and 
(B) by striking ‘‘4,000.’’ and inserting 
‘‘7,000.’’; (3) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 
2015;’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016;’’; 
(4) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘December 31, 
2015;’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016;’’; and 
(5) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘March 31, 
2017.’’ and inserting ‘‘the date such visas are ex-hausted.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTS AND SENSE OF CONGRESS .—Sec-
tion 602(b) of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(15) R
EPORTS INFORMING THE CONCLUSION OF  
THE AFGHAN SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISA PRO -
GRAM .—Not later than June 1, 2016, and every 
six months thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that contains— 
‘‘(A) a description of the United States force 
presence in Afghanistan during the previous 6 months; 
‘‘(B) a description of the projected United 
States force presence in Afghanistan; 
‘‘(C) the number of citizens or nationals of Af-
ghanistan who were employed by or on behalf of the entities described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) during the previous 6 months; and 
‘‘(D) the projected number of such citizens or 
nationals who will be employed by or on behalf of such entities. 
‘‘(16) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the necessity of providing special immigrant status under this subsection should be assessed at regular intervals by the Com-mittee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, taking into account the scope of the current and planned presence of United States troops in Afghanistan, the current and prospective numbers of citizens and nationals of Afghanistan employed by or on behalf of the en-tities described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), and the security climate in Afghanistan.’’. 
SEC. 1228. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO SUP-
PORT OPERATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OFFICE OF SECURITY CO-OPERATION IN IRAQ. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection 
(f)(1) of section 1215 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(b) A
MOUNT AVAILABLE .—Such section is fur-
ther amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 
2015’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $80,000,000.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(c) S
UPERSEDING REPORT REQUIREMENTS .— 
Subsection (g) of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than September 
30, 2015, and every 180 days thereafter until the authority in this section expires, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, submit to the appropriate com-mittees of Congress a report on the activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under this sub-
section shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) A current description of capability gaps 
in the security forces of Iraq, including capa-bility gaps relating to intelligence matters, pro-tection of Iraq airspace, and logistics and main-tenance, and a current description of the extent, if any, to which the Government of Iraq has re-quested assistance in addressing such capability gaps. 
‘‘(B) A current description of the activities of 
the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq and the extent, if any, to which the programs con-ducted by the Office in conjunction with other United States programs (such as the Foreign Military Financing program, the Foreign Mili-
tary Sales program, and the assistance provided pursuant to section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291)) will address the capability gaps described pursuant to subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(C) A current description of how the activi-
ties of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq are coordinated with, and complement and en-hance, the assistance provided pursuant to sec-tion 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘Buck’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
‘‘(D) A current description of end use moni-
toring programs, and any other programs or procedures, used to improve accountability for equipment provided to the Government of Iraq. 
‘‘(E) A current description of the measures of 
effectiveness used to evaluate the activities of the Office of the Security Cooperation in Iraq, and an analysis of any determinations to ex-pand, alter, or terminate specific activities of the Office based on such evaluations. 
‘‘(F) A current evaluation of the effectiveness 
of the training described in subsection (f)(2) in promoting respect for human rights, military professionalism, and respect for legitimate civil-ian authority in Iraq. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’ means— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives.’’. 
SEC. 1229. SENSE OF SENATE ON SUPPORT FOR 
THE KURDISTAN REGIONAL GOV-ERNMENT. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant 
(ISIL) poses an acute threat to the people and territorial integrity of Iraq, including the Iraqi Kurdistan Region, and the security and sta-bility of the Middle East and the world; 
(2) the United States should, in coordination 
with coalition partners, provide, in an expedi-tious and responsive manner and without undue delay, the security forces of the Kurdistan Re-gional Government associated with the Govern-ment of Iraq with defense articles and assist-ance described in subsection (b), defense serv-ices, and related training to more effectively partner with the United States and other inter-national coalition members to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant; 
(3) defeating the Islamic State of Iraq and the 
Levant is critical to maintaining a unified Iraq in which all faiths, sects, and ethnicities are af-forded equal protection and full integration into the Government and society of Iraq; 
(4) due to the threat to United States national 
security and a free and inclusive Iraq brought by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, sec-tion 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291) authorizes the Secretary of Defense to pro-vide assistance, including training, equipment, logistics support, supplies, and services, sti-pends, facility and infrastructure repair and renovation, and sustainment, to military and other security forces of or associated with the Government of Iraq, including Kurdish forces; 
(5) leaders of the Islamic State of Iraq and the 
Levant have stated that they intend to conduct terrorist attacks internationally, including against the United States, its citizens, and its interests; and 
(6) the Kurdistan Regional Government is the 
democratically elected government of the Iraqi Kurdistan Region, and Iraqi Kurds have been a reliable, stable, and capable partner of the United States, particularly in support of United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4433 June 22, 2015 
States military and civilian personnel during 
Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn. 
(b) D
EFENSE ARTICLES AND ASSISTANCE .—The 
defense articles and assistance described in this subsection include anti-tank and anti-armor weapons, armored vehicles, long-range artillery, crew-served weapons and ammunition, secure command and communications equipment, body armor, helmets, logistics equipment, night opti-cal devices, and other excess defense articles and military assistance considered appropriate by the President. 
SEC. 1230. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE SECU-
RITY AND PROTECTION OF IRANIAN DISSIDENTS LIVING IN CAMP LIB-ERTY, IRAQ. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) The residents of Camp Liberty, Iraq, re-
nounced violence and unilaterally disarmed more than a decade ago. 
(2) The United States recognized the residents 
of the former Camp Ashraf who now reside in Camp Liberty as ‘‘protected persons’’ under the Fourth Geneva Convention and committed itself to protect the residents. 
(3) The deterioration in the overall security 
situation in Iraq has increased the vulnerability of Camp Liberty residents to attacks from prox-ies of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps and Sunni extremists associated with the Is-lamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). 
(4) The increased vulnerability underscores 
the need for an expedited relocation process and that these Iranian dissidents will neither be safe nor secure in Camp Liberty. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the United States should— 
(1) take prompt and appropriate steps in ac-
cordance with international agreements to pro-mote the physical security and protection of Camp Liberty residents; 
(2) urge the Government of Iraq to uphold its 
commitments to the United States to ensure the safety and well-being of those living in Camp Liberty; 
(3) urge the Government of Iraq to ensure con-
tinued and reliable access to food, clean water, medical assistance, electricity and other energy needs, and any other equipment and supplies necessary to sustain the residents during periods of attack or siege by external forces; 
(4) oppose the extradition of Camp Liberty 
residents to Iran; 
(5) implement a strategy to provide for the 
safe, secure, and permanent relocation of Camp Liberty residents that includes a relocation plan, including a detailed outline of the steps that would need to be taken by recipient coun-tries, the United States, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), and Camp residents to relocate the residents to other countries; 
(6) encourage continued close cooperation be-
tween the residents of Camp Liberty and the au-thorities in the relocation process; and 
(7) assist the United Nations High Commis-
sioner for Refugees in expediting the ongoing re-settlement of all residents of Camp Liberty to safe locations outside Iraq. 
Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Iran 
SEC. 1241. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF 
ANNUAL REPORT ON THE MILITARY POWER OF IRAN. 
(a) E LEMENT ON CYBER CAPABILITIES IN DE-
SCRIPTION OF STRATEGY .—Paragraph (1) of sub-
section (b) of section 1245 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2542) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) Iranian strategy regarding offensive 
cyber capabilities and defensive cyber capabili-ties.’’. (b) E
LEMENTS ON CYBER CAPABILITIES IN AS-
SESSMENTS OF UNCONVENTIONAL FORCES .—Para-
graph (3) of such subsection, as amended by sec-tion 1232(a) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 920), is further amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(F) offensive cyber capabilities and defensive 
cyber capabilities; and 
‘‘(G) Iranian ability to manipulate the infor-
mation environment both domestically and against the interests of the United States and its allies.’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF REPORTS .—Subsection (d) of 
such section 1245, as amended by section 1277 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3592), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to reports required to be sub-mitted under section 1245 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, as so amended, after that date. 
Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian 
Federation 
SEC. 1251. UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INI-
TIATIVE. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOPROVIDE ASSISTANCE .—Of 
the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by title XV and available for overseas contingency operations as specified in the funding tables in division D, $300,000,000 may be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to pro-vide appropriate security assistance and intel-ligence support, including training, equipment, and logistics support, supplies and services, to military and other security forces of the Govern-ment of Ukraine for the purposes as follows: 
(1) To enhance the capabilities of the military 
and other security forces of the Government of Ukraine to defend against further aggression. 
(2) To assist Ukraine in developing the combat 
capability to defend its sovereignty and terri-torial integrity. 
(3) To support the Government of Ukraine in 
defending itself against actions by Russia and Russian-backed separatists that violate the ceasefire agreements of September 4, 2014, and February 11, 2015. 
(b) A
PPROPRIATE SECURITY ASSISTANCE AND  
INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT .—For purposes of sub-
section (a), appropriate security assistance and intelligence support includes the following: 
(1) Real time or near real time actionable in-
telligence. 
(2) Lethal assistance such as anti-armor 
weapon systems, mortars, crew-served weapons and ammunition, grenade launchers and ammu-nition, and small arms and ammunition. 
(3) Counter-artillery radars. (4) Unmanned aerial tactical surveillance sys-
tems. 
(5) Cyber capabilities. (6) Counter-electronic warfare capabilities 
such as secure communications equipment and other electronic protection systems. 
(7) Other electronic warfare capabilities. (8) Training required to maintain and employ 
systems and capabilities described in paragraphs (1) through (7). 
(9) Training for critical combat operations 
such as planning, command and control, small unit tactics, counter-artillery tactics, logistics, countering improvised explosive devices, battle- field first aid, and medical evacuation. 
(10) Training and best practices to identify 
and treat post-traumatic stress disorder among Ukrainian Armed Forces and National Guard 
personnel. 
(c) F
UNDING AVAILABILITY AND LIMITATION .— 
(1) T RAINING .—Up to 20 percent of the amount 
described in subsection (a) may be used to sup-port training pursuant to section 1207 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note), relating to the Global Security Contingency Fund. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 50 percent of 
the amount described in subsection (a) may be obligated or expended until an amount equal to 20 percent of such amount has been obligated or expended for appropriate security assistance de-scribed in subparagraphs (2) and (3) of sub-section (b) for the Government of Ukraine. 
(3) A
LTERNATIVE OF FUNDS .—In the event 
funds otherwise available pursuant to sub-section (a) are not used by reason of the limita-tion in paragraph (2), such funds may be used at the discretion of the Secretary of Defense, with concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide security assistance and intelligence sup-port, including training, equipment, logistics support, supplies and services to military and other national-level security forces of Partner-ship for Peace nations other than Ukraine that the Secretary of Defense determines to be appro-priate to assist such governments in preserving their sovereignty and territorial integrity against Russian aggression. 
(d) U
NITED STATES INVENTORY AND OTHER 
SOURCES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to any assistance 
provided pursuant to subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Defense is authorized, with the con-currence of the Secretary of State, to make available to the Government of Ukraine weap-ons and other defense articles, from the United States inventory and other sources, and defense services, in such quantity as the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate to achieve the purposes specified in subsection (a). 
(2) R
EPLACEMENT .—Amounts for the replace-
ment of any items provided to the Government of Ukraine pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be derived from amounts authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for over-seas contingency operations for weapons pro-curement. 
(e) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—Noth-
ing in this section shall be construed to con-stitute a specific statutory authorization for the introduction of United States Armed Forces into hostilities or into situations wherein hostilities are clearly indicated by the circumstances. 
(f) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Assistance 
may not be provided under the authority in this section after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 1252. EASTERN EUROPEAN TRAINING INITIA-
TIVE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense 
may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, carry out a program (to be known as the ‘‘Eastern European Training Initiative’’) to pro-vide training, and pay the incremental expenses incurred by a country as the direct result of participation in such training, for the national military forces of the following: 
(1) A country that is a signatory to the Part-
nership for Peace Framework Documents, but is not a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization (NATO). 
(2) A country that became a member of the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization after Janu-ary 1, 1999. 
(b) T
YPES OF TRAINING .—The training pro-
vided to the national military forces of a coun-try under subsection (a) shall be limited to mul-tilateral or regional training— 
(1) to maintain and increase interoperability 
and readiness; 
(2) to increase capacity to respond to external 
threats; 
(3) to increase capacity to respond to hybrid 
warfare; or 
(4) to increase capacity to respond to calls for 
collective action within the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4434 June 22, 2015 
(c) R EQUIRED ELEMENTS .—Training provided 
to the national military forces of a country under subsection (a) shall include elements that promote— 
(1) observance of and respect for human rights 
and fundamental freedoms; and 
(2) respect for legitimate civilian authority 
within that country. 
(d) F
UNDING .— 
(1) A NNUAL FUNDING LIMITATION .—Of the 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for a fis-cal year for the Department of Defense for oper-ation and maintenance, up to $28,000,000 may be used to provide training and pay incremental expenses under subsection (a) in that fiscal year. 
(2) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ACTIVITIES  
ACROSS FISCAL YEARS .—Amounts available in a 
fiscal year to carry out the authority in sub-section (a) may be used for training under that authority that begins in that fiscal year and ends in the next fiscal year. 
(e) B
RIEFING TO CONGRESS ON USE OF AU-
THORITY .—Not later that 90 days after the end 
of each fiscal year in which the authority in subsection (a) is used, the Secretary shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the use of the authority during such fiscal year, including each country with which training under the au-thority was conducted and the types of training provided. 
(f) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority provided in subsection (a) is in addition to any other authority provided by law author-izing the provision of training for the national military forces of a foreign country, including section 2282 of title 10, United States Code. 
(g) I
NCREMENTAL EXPENSES DEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘incremental expenses’’ means the reasonable and proper cost of the goods and services that are consumed by a country as a di-rect result of that country’s participation in training under the authority of this section, in-cluding rations, fuel, training ammunition, and transportation. Such term does not include pay, allowances, and other normal costs of a coun-try’s personnel. 
(h) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2018. Any activity under this sec-tion initiated before that date may be completed, but only using funds available for fiscal years 2016 through 2018. 
SEC. 1253. INCREASED PRESENCE OF UNITED 
STATES GROUND FORCES IN EAST-ERN EUROPE TO DETER AGGRES-SION ON THE BORDER OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANI-ZATION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the increased presence of United States 
and allied ground forces in Eastern Europe since April 2014 has provided a level of reassur-ance to North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) members in the region and strengthened the capability of the Organization to respond to any potential Russian aggression against Orga-nization members; 
(2) at the North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
Wales summit in September 2014 member coun-tries agreed on a Readiness Action Plan which is intended to improve the ability of the Organi-zation to respond quickly and effectively to se-curity threats on the borders of the Organiza-tion, including in Eastern Europe, and the chal-lenges posed by hybrid warfare; 
(3) the capability of the North Atlantic Treaty 
Organization to respond to threats on the east-ern border of the Organization would be en-hanced by a more sustained presence on the ground of Organization forces on the territories of Organization members in Eastern Europe; and 
(4) an increased presence of United States 
ground forces in Eastern Europe should be matched by an increased force presence of Euro-pean allies. (b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an as-sessment of options for expanding the presence of United States ground forces of the size of a Brigade Combat Team in Eastern Europe to re-spond, along with European allies and partners, to the security challenges posed by Russia and increase the combat capability of forces able to respond to unconventional or hybrid warfare tactics such as those used by the Russian Fed-eration in Crimea and Eastern Ukraine. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report under this sub-
section shall include the following: 
(A) An evaluation of the optimal location or 
locations of the enhanced ground force presence described in paragraph (1) that considers such factors as— 
(i) proximity, suitability, and availability of 
maneuver and gunnery training areas; 
(ii) transportation capabilities; (iii) availability of facilities, including for po-
tential equipment storage and prepositioning; 
(iv) ability to conduct multinational training 
and exercises; 
(v) a site or sites for prepositioning of equip-
ment, a rotational presence or permanent pres-ence of troops, or a combination of options; and 
(vi) costs. (B) A description of any initiatives by other 
members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, or other European allies and partners, for enhancing force presence on a permanent or ro-tational basis in Eastern Europe to match or ex-ceed the potential increased presence of United States ground forces in the region. 
SEC. 1254. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON EUROPEAN 
DEFENSE AND NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION SPENDING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
(NATO) countries, at the 2014 North Atlantic Treaty Organization Summit in Wales, pledged to ‘‘reverse the trend of declining defense budg-ets, to make the most effective use of our funds and to further a more balanced sharing of costs and responsibilities’’. 
(2) Former Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel 
stated on May 2, 2014, that ‘‘[t]oday, America’s GDP is smaller than the combined GDPs of our 27 NATO allies. But America’s defense spending is three times our Allies’ combined defense spending. Over time, this lopsided burden threatens NATO’s integrity, cohesion, and capa-bility, and ultimately both European and trans-atlantic security’’. 
(3) Former North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-
tion Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen stated on July 3, 2014, that ‘‘[d]uring the last five years, Russia has increased defense spend-ing by 50 percent, while NATO allies on average have decrease their defense spending by 20 per-cent. That is not sustainable, we need more in-vestment in defense and security’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) it is in the national security and fiscal in-
terests of the United States that prompt efforts should be undertaken by North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies to meet defense budget com-mitments made in Declaration 14 of the Wales Summit Declaration of September 2014; 
(2) the United States Government should con-
tinue efforts through the Department of Defense and other agencies to encourage North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies towards meeting the defense spending goals set out at the Wales Summit; 
(3) some North Atlantic Treaty Organization 
allies have already taken positive steps to re-verse declines in defense spending and should continue to be supported in those efforts; and 
(4) thoughtful and coordinated defense invest-
ments by European allies in military capabilities would add deterrence value to the posture of the 
North Atlantic Treaty Organization against Russian aggression and terrorist organizations and more appropriately balance the share of At-lantic defense spending. 
SEC. 1255. ADDITIONAL MATTERS IN ANNUAL RE-
PORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS INVOLVING THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) A DDITIONAL MATTERS .—Subsection (b) of 
section 1245 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through 
(15) as paragraphs (6) through (17), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing new paragraphs (4) and (5): 
‘‘(4) An assessment of the force structure and 
capabilities of Russian military forces stationed in each of the Arctic, Kaliningrad, and Crimea, including a description of any changes to such force structure or capabilities during the one- year period ending on the date of such report and with a particular emphasis on the anti-ac-cess and area denial capabilities of such forces. 
‘‘(5) An assessment of Russian military strat-
egy and objectives for the Arctic region.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to reports submitted under section 1245 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 after that date. 
SEC. 1256. REPORT ON ALTERNATIVE CAPABILI-
TIES TO PROCURE AND SUSTAIN NONSTANDARD ROTARY WING AIR-CRAFT HISTORICALLY PROCURED THROUGH ROSOBORONEXPORT. 
(a) R EPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF ALTERNATIVE  
CAPABILITIES .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics shall, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a re-port setting forth an assessment, obtained by the Under Secretary for purposes of the report, of the feasibility and advisability of using alter-native industrial base capabilities to procure and sustain, with parts and service, non-standard rotary wing aircraft historically ac-quired through Rosoboronexport, or non-standard rotary wing aircraft that are in whole or in part reliant upon Rosoboronexport for con-tinued sustainment, in order to benefit United States national security interests. 
(b) I
NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—The assess-
ment obtained for purposes of subsection (a) shall be conducted by a federally funded re-search and development center (FFRDC), or an-other appropriate independent entity with ex-pertise in the procurement and sustainment of 
complex weapon systems, selected by the Under Secretary for purposes of the assessment. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment obtained for 
purposes of subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) An identification and assessment of inter-
national industrial base capabilities, other than Rosoboronexport, to provide one or more of the following: 
(A) Means of procuring nonstandard rotary 
wing aircraft historically procured through Rosoboronexport. 
(B) Reliable and timely supply of required and 
appropriate parts, spares, and consumables of such aircraft. 
(C) Certifiable maintenance of such aircraft, 
including major periodic overhauls, damage re-pair, and modifications. 
(D) Access to required reference data on such 
aircraft, including technical manuals and serv-ice bulletins. 
(E) Credible certification of airworthiness of 
such aircraft through physical inspection, not-withstanding any current administrative re-quirements to the contrary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4435 June 22, 2015 
(2) An assessment (including an assessment of 
associated costs and risks) of alterations to ad-ministrative processes of the United States Gov-ernment that may be required to procure any of the capabilities specified in paragraph (1), in-cluding waivers to Department of Defense or Department of State requirements applicable to foreign military sales or alterations to proce-dures for approval of airworthiness certificates. 
(3) An assessment of the potential economic 
impact to Rosoboronexport of procuring non-standard rotary wing aircraft described in para-graph (1)(A) through entities other than Rosoboronexport. 
(4) An assessment of the risks and benefits of 
using the entities identified pursuant to para-graph (1)(A) to procure aircraft described in that paragraph. 
(5) Such other matters as the Under Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
(d) U
SE OF PREVIOUS STUDIES .—The entity 
conducting the assessment for purposes of sub-section (a) may use and incorporate information from previous studies on matters appropriate to the assessment. 
(e) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report under sub-
section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Asia- 
Pacific Region 
SEC. 1261. SOUTH CHINA SEA INITIATIVE. 
(a) A SSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized, for the purpose of increasing mar-itime security and maritime domain awareness of foreign countries along the South China Sea— 
(A) to provide assistance to national military 
or other security forces of such countries that have among their functional responsibilities maritime security missions; and 
(B) to provide training to ministry, agency, 
and headquarters level organizations for such forces. 
(2) D
ESIGNATION OF ASSISTANCE AND TRAIN -
ING.—The provision of assistance and training 
under this section may be referred to as the ‘‘South China Sea Initiative’’. 
(b) R
ECIPIENT COUNTRIES .—The foreign coun-
tries that may be provided assistance and train-ing under subsection (a) are the following: 
(1) Indonesia. (2) Malaysia, (3) The Philippines. (4) Thailand. (5) Vietnam. (c) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING .— 
(1) A UTHORIZED ELEMENTS OF ASSISTANCE .— 
Assistance provided under subsection (a)(1)(A) may include the provision of equipment, sup-plies, training, and small-scale military con-struction. 
(2) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS OF ASSISTANCE AND  
TRAINING .—Assistance and training provided 
under subsection (a) shall include elements that promote the following: 
(A) Observance of and respect for human 
rights and fundamental freedoms. 
(B) Respect for legitimate civilian authority 
within the country to which the assistance is provided. 
(d) P
RIORITIES FOR ASSISTANCE AND TRAIN-
ING.—In developing programs for assistance or 
training to be provided under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall accord a priority to assistance, training, or both that will enhance the maritime capabilities of the recipient foreign country, or a regional organization of which the recipient country is a member, to respond to emerging threats to maritime security. 
(e) I
NCREMENTAL EXPENSES OF PERSONNEL OF  
CERTAIN OTHER COUNTRIES FOR TRAINING .— 
(1) A UTHORITY FOR PAYMENT .—If the Sec-
retary of Defense determines that the payment of incremental expenses in connection with training described in subsection (a)(1)(B) will facilitate the participation in such training of 
organization personnel of foreign countries specified in paragraph (2), the Secretary may use amounts available under subsection (f) for assistance and training under subsection (a) for the payment of such incremental expenses. 
(2) C
OVERED COUNTRIES .—The foreign coun-
tries specified in this paragraph are the fol-lowing: 
(A) Brunei. (B) Singapore. (C) Taiwan. (f) F
UNDING .—Funds may be used to provide 
assistance and training under subsection (a) as follows: 
(1) In fiscal year 2016, $50,000,000 from 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for that fiscal year for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide. 
(2) In fiscal year 2017, $75,000,000 from 
amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for that fiscal year for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide. 
(3) In each of fiscal years 2018 through 2020, 
$100,000,000 from amounts authorized to be ap-propriated for the Department of Defense for such fiscal year for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide. 
(g) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON ASSISTANCE AND  
TRAINING .—Not later than 15 days before exer-
cising the authority under subsection (a) or (e) with respect to a recipient foreign country, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a notification con-taining the following: 
(1) The recipient foreign country. (2) A detailed justification of the program for 
the provision of the assistance or training con-cerned, and its relationship to United States se-curity interests. 
(3) The budget for the program, including a 
timetable of planned expenditures of funds to implement the program, an implementation timeline for the program with milestones (in-cluding anticipated delivery schedules for any assistance under the program), the military de-partment or component responsible for manage-ment of the program, and the anticipated com-pletion date for the program. 
(4) A description of the arrangements, if any, 
to support host nation sustainment of any capa-bility developed pursuant to the program, and the source of funds to support sustainment ef-forts and performance outcomes to be achieved under the program beyond its completion date, if applicable. 
(5) A description of the program objectives and 
an assessment framework to be used to develop capability and performance metrics associated with operational outcomes for the recipient force. 
(6) Such other matters as the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(h) E
XPIRATION .—The authority provided 
under this section may not be exercised after September 30, 2020. 
SEC. 1262. SENSE OF CONGRESS REAFFIRMING 
THE IMPORTANCE OF IMPLE-MENTING THE REBALANCE TO THE ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) The United States has a longstanding na-
tional interest in maintaining security in the Asia-Pacific region. 
(2) The Asia-Pacific region is home to the 
world’s three largest economies, four most popu-lous countries, and five largest militaries. The Asia-Pacific’s rapid economic growth and mounting security tensions require a renewed focus from the United States on the region to maintain security, expand prosperity, and sup-port common values. 
(3) In 2011, President Barack Obama an-
nounced that the United States would rebalance to the Asia-Pacific. Since then, there have been a number of actions taken to strengthen the United States posture and relationships in the region, including the negotiation of the En-
hanced Defense Cooperation Agreement with the Philippines, the distributed laydown of the United States Marines Corps in the Pacific, the rotational stationing of the Littoral Combat Ship in Singapore, and a new comprehensive partnership with Vietnam on defense and secu-rity. 
(4) Leaders in regional states remain con-
cerned about a variety of regional military chal-lenges. These include China’s military mod-ernization and its increasingly assertive actions in the East and South China Sea and North Ko-rea’s continued belligerence and its pursuit of nuclear and ballistic missile technology. United States allies and partners are looking to the United States to demonstrate its willingness and ability to maintain regional peace and security by fully implementing the rebalance to the Asia- Pacific. 
(5) In April 2015, the Commander of the 
United States Pacific Command Admiral Samuel Locklear warned, ‘‘Our relative superiority I think has declined and continues to de-cline. . .we rely very heavily on power projec-tion, which means we have to be able to get the forces forward. . .’’. Admiral Locklear also noted, ‘‘Any significant force structure moves out of my AOR in the middle of a rebalance would have to be understood and have to be ex-plained because it would counterintuitive to a rebalance to move significant forces in another direction.’’ 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) in order to maintain the credibility of the 
United States rebalance, it is vital that the United States continue to shift forces to the Asia-Pacific region to strengthen the ability of the United States Armed Forces to project power to shape the choices of regional states and to deter, and if necessary defend, against hostile military actions; 
(2) United States allies and partners in the 
Asia-Pacific region, as well as potential adver-saries, would take note of any withdrawal of forces from the Asia-Pacific theater; 
(3) any withdrawal of United States forces 
from Outside the Continental United States (‘‘OCONUS’’) Asia-Pacific region or from United States Pacific Command would therefore seriously undermine the rebalance; and 
(4) in order to properly implement United 
States rebalance policy, United States forces under the operational control of the United States Pacific Command should be increased consistent with commitments already made by the Department of Defense and aligned with the requirement to maintain a balance of military power that favors the United States and United States allies in the Asia-Pacific region. 
SEC. 1263. SENSE OF SENATE ON TAIWAN ASYM-
METRIC MILITARY CAPABILITIES AND BILATERAL TRAINING ACTIVI-TIES. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) the United States, in accordance with the 
Taiwan Relations Act (Public Law 96–8), should continue to make available to Taiwan such de-fense articles and services as may be necessary to enable Taiwan to maintain a sufficient self- defense; 
(2) the United States should continue to sup-
port the efforts of Taiwan to integrate innova-tive and asymmetric measures to balance the growing military capabilities of the People’s Re-public of China, including fast-attack craft, coastal-defense cruise missiles, rapid-runway re-pair systems, offensive mines, and submarines optimized for defense of the Taiwan straits; 
(3) the military forces of Taiwan should be 
permitted to participate in bilateral training ac-tivities hosted by the United States that increase credible deterrent capabilities of Taiwan, par-ticularly those that emphasize the defense of Taiwan Island from missile attack, maritime blockade, and amphibious invasion by the Peo-ple’s Republic of China; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4436 June 22, 2015 
(4) toward that goal, Taiwan should be en-
couraged to participate in exercises that include realistic air-to-air combat training, including the exercise conducted at Eielson Air Force Base, Alaska, and Nellis Air Force Base, Ne-vada, commonly referred to as ‘‘Red Flag’’; and 
(5) Taiwan should also be encouraged to par-
ticipate in advanced bilateral training for its ground forces, Apache attack helicopters, and P–3C surveillance aircraft in island-defense sce-narios. 
SEC. 1264. MILITARY EXCHANGES BETWEEN SEN-
IOR OFFICERS AND OFFICIALS OF THE UNITED STATES AND TAIWAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
should carry out a program of exchanges of sen-ior military officers and senior officials between the United States and Taiwan designed to im-prove military to military relations between the United States and Taiwan. 
(b) E
XCHANGES DESCRIBED .—For the purposes 
of this section, an exchange is an activity, exer-cise, event, or observation opportunity between members of the Armed Forces and officials of the Department of Defense, on the one hand, and armed forces personnel and officials of Taiwan, on the other hand. 
(c) F
OCUS OF EXCHANGES .—The exchanges 
under the program carried out pursuant to sub-section (a) shall include exchanges focused on the following: 
(1) Threat analysis. (2) Military doctrine. (3) Force planning. (4) Logistical support. (5) Intelligence collection and analysis. (6) Operational tactics, techniques, and proce-
dures. 
(7) Humanitarian assistance and disaster re-
lief. 
(d) C
IVIL-MILITARY AFFAIRS .—The exchanges 
under the program carried out pursuant to sub-section (a) shall include activities and exercises focused on civil-military relations, including parliamentary relations. 
(e) L
OCATION OF EXCHANGES .—The exchanges 
under the program carried out pursuant to sub-section (a) shall be conducted in both the United States and Taiwan. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘senior military officer’’, with re-
spect to the Armed Forces, means a general or flag officer of the Armed Forces on active duty. 
(2) The term ‘‘senior official’’, with respect to 
the Department of Defense, means a civilian of-ficial of the Department of Defense at the level of Assistant Secretary of Defense or above. 
SEC. 1265. STRATEGY TO PROMOTE UNITED 
STATES INTERESTS IN THE INDO- ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall develop an overall strategy to pro-mote United States interests in the Indo-Asia- Pacific region. Such strategy shall be informed by the following: 
(1) The national security strategy of the 
United States for 2015 set forth in the national security strategy report required under section 108(a)(3) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 5043(a)(3)), as such strategy relates to United States interests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. 
(2) The 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review 
(QDR), as it relates to United States interests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. 
(3) The 2015 Quadrennial Diplomacy and De-
velopment Review (QDDR), as it relates to United States interests in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. 
(4) The strategy to prioritize United States de-
fense interests in the Asia-Pacific region as con-tained in the report required by section 1251(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3570). 
(5) The integrated, multi-year planning and 
budget strategy for a rebalancing of United States policy in Asia submitted to Congress pur-
suant to section 7043(a) of the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Pro-grams Appropriations Act, 2014 (division K of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–76)). 
(b) P
RESIDENTIAL POLICY DIRECTIVE .—The 
President shall issue a Presidential Policy Di-rective to appropriate departments and agencies of the United States Government that contains the strategy developed under subsection (a) and includes implementing guidance to such depart-ments and agencies. 
(c) R
ELATION TO AGENCY PRIORITY GOALS AND  
ANNUAL BUDGET .— 
(1) A GENCY PRIORITY GOALS .—In identifying 
agency priority goals under section 1120(b) of title 31, United States Code, for each appro-priate department and agency of the United States Government, the head of such department or agency, or as otherwise determined by the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget, shall take into consideration the strategy devel-oped under subsection (a) and the Presidential Policy Directive issued under subsection (b). 
(2) A
NNUAL BUDGET .—The President shall, 
acting through the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, ensure that the an-nual budget submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, includes a separate section that clearly highlights pro-grams and projects that are being funded in the annual budget that relate to the strategy devel-oped under subsection (a) and the Presidential Policy Directive issued under subsection (b). 
Subtitle F—Reports and Related Matters 
SEC. 1271. ITEM IN QUARTERLY REPORTS ON AS-
SISTANCE TO COUNTER THE IS-LAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LE-VANT ON FORCES INELIGIBLE TO RE-CEIVE ASSISTANCE DUE TO A GROSS VIOLATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS. 
(a) I TEM IN REPORTS .—Section 1236(d) of the 
Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(11) A list of the forces or elements of forces 
restricted from receiving assistance under sub-section (a), unless waived pursuant to sub-section (j), as a result of vetting required by sub-section (e) or section 2249e of title 10, United States Code, and a detailed description of the reasons for such restriction, including for each force or element— 
‘‘(A) information relating to gross violation of 
human rights by such force or element (includ-ing the timeframe of the alleged violation); 
‘‘(B) the source of the information described 
in subparagraph (A), and an assessment of the veracity of the information; 
‘‘(C) the association of such force or element 
with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and 
‘‘(D) the amount and type of any assistance 
provided such force or element by the Govern-ment of Iran.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to reports submitted pursuant to section 1236(d) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 after that date. 
SEC. 1272. UNITED STATES-ISRAEL ANTI-TUNNEL 
COOPERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) Tunnels can be used for criminal purposes, 
such as smuggling drugs, weapons, or humans, or for terrorist or military purposes, such as launching surprise attacks or detonating explo-sives underneath civilian or military infrastruc-ture. 
(2) Tunnels have been a growing threat on the 
southern border of the United States for years. 
(3) In the conflict in Gaza in 2014, terrorists 
used tunnels to conduct attacks against Israel. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) it is in the national security interests of 
the United States to develop technology to de-tect and counter tunnels, and the best way to do this is to partner with other affected countries; 
(2) the Administration should, on a joint basis 
with Israel, carry out research, development, test, and evaluation of anti-tunnel capabilities to detect, map, and neutralize underground tun-nels that threaten the United States or Israel; and 
(3) the Administration should use developed 
anti-tunnel capabilities to better protect the United States and deployed United States mili-tary personnel. 
(c) A
UTHORITY TOESTABLISH ANTI-TUNNEL  
CAPABILITIES PROGRAM WITHISRAEL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, 
upon request of the Ministry of Defense of Israel and in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, is au-thorized to carry out research, development, test, and evaluation, on a joint basis with Israel, to establish anti-tunnel capabilities to detect, map, and neutralize underground tun-nels that threaten the United States or Israel. Such authority includes authority to construct facilities and install equipment necessary to carry out research, development, test, and eval-uation so authorized. Any activities carried out pursuant to such authority shall be conducted in a manner that appropriately protects sen-sitive information and United States and Israel national security interests. 
(2) R
EPORT .—The activities described in para-
graph (1) and subsection (d) may be carried out after the Secretary of Defense submits to the ap-propriate committees of Congress a report set-ting forth the following: 
(A) A memorandum of agreement between the 
United States and Israel regarding sharing of research and development costs for the capabili-ties described in paragraph (1), and any sup-porting documents. 
(B) A certification that the memorandum of 
agreement— 
(i) requires sharing of costs of projects, includ-
ing in-kind support, between the United States and Israel; 
(ii) establishes a framework to negotiate the 
rights to any intellectual property developed under the memorandum of agreement; and 
(iii) requires the United States Government to 
receive quarterly reports on expenditure of funds, if any, by the Government of Israel, in-cluding a description of what the funds have been used for, when funds were expended, and an identification of entities that expended the funds. 
(d) A
SSISTANCE IN CONNECTION WITHPRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense is 
authorized to provide procurement, mainte-nance, and sustainment assistance to Israel in support of the anti-tunnel capabilities research, development, test, and evaluation activities au-thorized in subsection (c)(1). 
(2) R
EPORT .—Assistance may not be provided 
under paragraph (1) until 15 days after the Sec-retary submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth a detailed de-scription of the assistance to be provided. 
(3) M
ATCHING CONTRIBUTION .—Assistance may 
not be provided under this subsection unless the Government of Israel contributes an amount not less than the amount of assistance to be so pro-vided to the program, project, or activity for which the assistance is to be so provided. 
(e) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—The Secretary of 
Defense shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress on a quarterly basis a report that contains a copy of the most recent quar-terly report provided by the Government of Israel to the Department of Defense pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(B)(iii). 
(f) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-
priate committees of Congress’’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4437 June 22, 2015 
(1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the House of Representatives. 
(g) S
UNSET .—The authority in this section to 
carry out activities described in subsection (c), and to provide assistance described in sub-section (d), shall expire on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1273. SENSE OF SENATE AND REPORT ON 
QATAR FIGHTER AIRCRAFT CAPA-BILITY CONTRIBUTION TO RE-GIONAL SECURITY. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the United States should consider, in a 
timely manner, opportunities to enhance the strike capability of fighter aircraft of the Qatar air force that would contribute to Qatar’s self- defense and deter Iran’s regional ambitions and simultaneously preserve the qualitative military edge of Israel; and 
(2) Qatar should be afforded the opportunity 
through acquisition of appropriate technologies and exercises with the United States Armed Forces and the armed forces of partner nations to develop improved self-defense and counter force aviation capabilities that advanced fighter aircraft would provide. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 
2016, the Secretary of Defense, shall, in con-sultation with the Secretary of State, submit to the congressional defense committees, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the risks and ben-efits under consideration as they relate to capa-bilities described in subsection (a). 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following elements: 
(A) A description of the key assumptions re-
garding the increase to Qatar air force capabili-ties as a result of potential pending transfer of technologies and weapons systems. 
(B) A description of the key assumptions re-
garding items described in subparagraph (A) as they impact considerations regarding preserva-tion of Israel’s qualitative military edge. 
(C) Estimated timelines for final adjudication 
of decisions to approve such transfers. 
(3) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph 
(1) may be submitted in classified or unclassified form. 
SEC. 1274. REPORT ON THE SECURITY RELATION-
SHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on the security rela-tionship between the United States and the Re-public of Cyprus. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) A description of ongoing military and secu-
rity cooperation between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. 
(2) A discussion of potential steps for enhanc-
ing the bilateral security relationship between the United States and Cyprus, including steps to enhance the military and security capabilities of the Republic of Cyprus. 
(3) An analysis of the effect on the bilateral 
security relationship of the United States policy to deny applications for licenses and other ap-provals for the export of defense articles and de-fense services to the armed forces of Cyprus. 
(4) An analysis of the extent to which such 
United States policy is consistent with overall United States security and policy objectives in the region. (5) An assessment of the potential impact of 
lifting such United States policy. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘ap-
propriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1281. NATO SPECIAL OPERATIONS HEAD-
QUARTERS. 
Section 1244(a) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2541), as most recently amended by section 1272(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2023), is further amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018’’. 
SEC. 1282. TWO-YEAR EXTENSION AND MODIFICA-
TION OF AUTHORIZATION FOR NON- CONVENTIONAL ASSISTED RECOV-ERY CAPABILITIES. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 943 
of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4579), as most recently amend-ed by section 1261(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(b) S
OURCE OF FUNDS.—Subsection (a) of such 
section 943, as amended by section 1205(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1623), is further amended by striking ‘‘for ‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide’’’ and inserting ‘‘for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance’’. 
(c) O
VERSIGHT .—Subsection (b) of such section 
943 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘(b) P ROCEDURES .—The Sec-
retary’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) P ROCEDURES AND OVERSIGHT .— 
‘‘(1) P ROCEDURES .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) P ROGRAMMATIC AND POLICY OVERSIGHT .— 
The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict shall have primary programmatic and policy oversight of non-conventional assisted recovery activities authorized by this section.’’. 
TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT 
REDUCTION 
SEC. 1301. SPECIFICATION OF COOPERATIVE 
THREAT REDUCTION FUNDS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2016 C OOPERATIVE THREAT  
REDUCTION FUNDS DEFINED .—As used in this 
title, the term ‘‘fiscal year 2016 Cooperative Threat Reduction funds’’ means the funds ap-propriated pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the De-partment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduc-tion Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711). 
(b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Funds appro-
priated pursuant to the authorization of appro-priations in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program shall be available for obligation for fis-cal years 2016, 2017, and 2018. 
SEC. 1302. FUNDING ALLOCATIONS. 
Of the $358,496,000 authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Re-duction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obligated for the purposes spec-ified: (1) For strategic offensive arms elimination, 
$1,289,000. 
(2) For chemical weapons destruction, 
$942,000. 
(3) For global nuclear security, $20,555,000. (4) For cooperative biological engagement, 
$264,608,000. 
(5) For proliferation prevention, $38,945,000. (6) For threat reduction engagement, 
$2,827,000. 
(7) For activities designated as Other Assess-
ments/Administrative Costs, $29,320,000. 
TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Programs 
SEC. 1401. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing cap-ital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1402. NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the National De-fense Sealift Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1403. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS 
DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4501. 
(b) U
SE.—Amounts authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (a) are authorized for— 
(1) the destruction of lethal chemical agents 
and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and 
(2) the destruction of chemical warfare mate-
riel of the United States that is not covered by section 1412 of such Act. 
SEC. 1404. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- 
DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-tivities, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1405. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1406. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4501, for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Depart-ment of Defense in providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries. 
Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 1411. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS 
TO JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEM-ONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS.—Of 
the funds authorized to be appropriated by sec-tion 1406 and available for the Defense Health Program for operation and maintenance, $120,400,000 may be transferred by the Secretary of Defense to the Joint Department of Defense– Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund established by subsection (a)(1) of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4438 June 22, 2015 
Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2571). For purposes of sub-
section (a)(2) of such section 1704, any funds so transferred shall be treated as amounts author-ized and appropriated specifically for the pur-pose of such a transfer. 
(b) U
SE OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS.—For the 
purposes of subsection (b) of such section 1704, facility operations for which funds transferred under subsection (a) may be used are operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Am-bulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facil-ity under an operational agreement covered by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
SEC. 1412. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
There is hereby authorized to be appropriated 
for fiscal year 2016 from the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
SEC. 1413. INSPECTIONS OF THE ARMED FORCES 
RETIREMENT HOME BY THE INSPEC-TOR GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NSPECTIONS .—Subsection (b)(1) of section 
1518 of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 418) is amended by striking ‘‘a comprehensive inspection of all aspects of each facility of the Retirement Home’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘an inspection of the Re-tirement Home. The Inspector General shall de-termine the scope of each such inspection using a risk-based analysis of the operations of the Retirement Home.’’. 
(b) R
EPORTS .—Subsection (c)(1) of such sec-
tion is amended in the second sentence by strik-ing ‘‘Not later than 90 days after completing the inspection of the facility, the Inspector Gen-eral’’ and inserting ‘‘The Inspector General’’. 
TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-
TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 1501. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to authorize ap-
propriations for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 to provide additional funds for overseas contingency operations being carried out by the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 1502. OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-
ATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense for overseas contingency operations in such amounts as may be designated as pro-vided in section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
SEC. 1503. PROCUREMENT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement ac-counts for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activi-ties, as specified in the funding table in section 4102. 
SEC. 1504. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the De-partment of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4202. 
SEC. 1505. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4302. SEC. 1506. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4402. 
SEC. 1507. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing cap-ital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1508. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- 
DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-tivities, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1509. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1510. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Defense Health Program, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1511. COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS 
FUND. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
(b) D
URATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts ap-
propriated pursuant to the authorization of ap-propriations in subsection (a) shall remain available for obligation through September 30, 2017. 
Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1521. TREATMENT AS ADDITIONAL AUTHOR-
IZATIONS. 
The amounts authorized to be appropriated by 
this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
SEC. 1522. SPECIAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— 
(1) A UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the 
Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2016 between any such au-thorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivi-sions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be avail-able for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of author-
izations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this subsection may not exceed $4,000,000,000. 
(b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Transfers under 
this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The transfer au-
thority provided by this section is in addition to the transfer authority provided under section 1001. 
Subtitle C—Limitations, Reports, and Other 
Matters 
SEC. 1531. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES 
FUND. 
(a) C ONTINUATION OF PRIOR AUTHORITIES AND  
NOTICE AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Funds available to the Department of Defense for the 
Afghanistan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2016 shall be subject to the conditions con-tained in subsections (b) through (g) of section 1513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 428), as amended by section 1531(b) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4424). 
(b) E
XTENSION OF AUTHORITY TOACCEPT CER-
TAIN EQUIPMENT .—Section 1532(b)(1) of the Carl 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘Acts enacted before the date of the enactment of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
SEC. 1532. JOINT IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE DE-
VICE DEFEAT FUND. 
(a) U SE AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS.—Sub-
sections (b) and (c) of section 1514 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2439), as in effect before the amendments made by section 1503 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4649), shall apply to the funds made available to the Department of Defense for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund for fiscal year 2016. 
(b) E
XTENSION OF INTERDICTION OF IMPRO -
VISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICE PRECURSOR CHEMICALS  
AUTHORITY .—Section 1532(c) of the National De-
fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2057) is amend-ed— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and for fis-
cal year 2016,’’ after ‘‘fiscal year 2013,’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (4), as most recently amend-
ed by section 1533(c) of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
(c) L
IMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN  
ASSIGNMENTS OF PERSONNEL .—None of the 
funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization may be used for the purposes of the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization assigning personnel or contractors on a permanent or temporary basis, or as a de-
tail, to the combatant commands or associated military components, or the combat support agencies, unless such personnel or contractors are supporting— 
(1) Operation Freedom’s Sentinel or any suc-
cessor operation to that operation; 
(2) Operation Inherent Resolve or any suc-
cessor operation to that operation; or 
(3) another operation that, as determined by 
the Secretary of Defense, requires the direct support of the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization. 
(d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—If after the date of 
the enactment of this Act the Secretary of De-fense makes a determination described in sub-section (c)(3) that an operation requires the di-rect support of the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a notice of the determination and the reasons for the determination. 
(e) L
IMITATION ON IMPLEMENTATION OF  
JIEDDO ASCOMBAT SUPPORT AGENCY .—Relat-
ing to the determination by the Deputy Sec-retary of Defense on March 11, 2015, to make the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Orga-nization a combat support agency, the Secretary of Defense is prohibited from implementing such determination until 90 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth the following: 
(1) A detailed plan for the disposition of the 
Organization as a combat support agency, in-cluding the enduring requirements and key 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4439 June 22, 2015 
functions of the Organization, the chain of com-
mand for the Organization, and funding for the Organization as such an agency. 
(2) A statement of potential alternative means 
to achieving the objective of designating the Or-ganization as a combat support agency, includ-ing the assumption of one or more functions of the Organization by one or more other compo-nents or elements of the Department of Defense, and an assessment of the feasibility and advis-ability of each such alternative. 
SEC. 1533. AVAILABILITY OF JOINT IMPROVISED 
EXPLOSIVE DEVICE DEFEAT FUND FUNDS FOR TRAINING OF FOREIGN SECURITY FORCES TO DEFEAT IM-PROVISED EXPLOSIVE DEVICES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Of the amounts 
authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund, up to $30,000,000 may be available to provide training to foreign security forces in defeating improvised explosive devices under au-thority provided the Department of Defense under any other provision of law. 
(b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AVAILABILITY OF  
FUNDS.—The availability of funds under sub-
section (a) shall not be construed as authority in and of itself for the provision of training as described in that subsection. 
(c) G
EOGRAPHIC LIMITATION .—Training may 
be provided using funds available under sub-section (a) only— 
(1) in locations in which the Department of 
Defense is conducting a named operation; or 
(2) in geographic areas in which the Secretary 
of Defense has determined that a foreign secu-rity force is facing a significant threat from im-provised explosive devices. 
(d) C
OORDINATION WITHGEOGRAPHIC COM-
BATANT COMMANDS .—The Secretary shall, to the 
extent practicable, coordinate the provision of training using funds available under subsection (a) with requests received from the commanders of the geographic combatant commands. 
(e) E
XPIRATION .—The authority to use funds 
described in subsection (a) in accordance with this section shall expire on December 31, 2018. 
TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, 
CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
Subtitle A—Space Activities 
SEC. 1601. INTEGRATED POLICY TO DETER AD-
VERSARIES IN SPACE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall estab-
lish an interagency process to provide for the development of a policy to deter adversaries in space— 
(1) with the objectives of— (A) reducing risks to the United States and al-
lies of the United States in space; and 
(B) protecting and preserving the rights, ac-
cess, capabilities, use, and freedom of action of the United States in space and the right of the United States to respond to an attack in space and, if necessary, deny adversaries the use of space capabilities hostile to the national inter-ests of the United States; and 
(2) that integrates the interests and respon-
sibilities of the agencies participating in the process. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report setting forth the policy de-veloped pursuant to subsection (a). 
(2) F
UNDING RESTRICTION .—If the President 
has not submitted the policy developed under subsection (a) and the answers to Enclosure 1, regarding offensive space control policy, of the classified annex to this Act, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives by the date required by para-graph (1), an amount equal to $10,000,000 of the amount authorized to be appropriated or other-wise made available to the Department of De-fense for fiscal year 2016 to provide support services to the Executive Office of the President 
shall be withheld from obligation or expenditure until the policy and such answers are submitted to such Committees. 
(3) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1602. PRINCIPAL ADVISOR ON SPACE CON-
TROL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 135 of title 10, 
United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2279a. Principal Advisor on Space Control 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall designate an individual to serve as the Principal Space Control Advisor, who shall act as the principal advisor to the Secretary on space control activities. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Principal Space 
Control Advisor shall be responsible for the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) Supervision of space control activities re-
lated to the development, procurement, and em-ployment of, and strategy relating to, space con-trol capabilities. 
‘‘(2) Oversight of policy, resources, personnel, 
and acquisition and technology relating to space control activities. 
‘‘(c) C
ROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAM.—The Principal 
Space Control Advisor shall integrate the space control expertise and perspectives of appropriate organizational entities of the Office of the Sec-retary of Defense, the Joint Staff, the military departments, the Defense Agencies, and the combatant commands, by establishing and main-taining a full-time, cross-functional team of sub-ject-matter experts from those entities.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2799 the following new item: 
‘‘2279a. Principal Advisor on Space Control.’’. 
SEC. 1603. EXCEPTION TO THE PROHIBITION ON 
CONTRACTING WITH RUSSIAN SUP-PLIERS OF ROCKET ENGINES FOR THE EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
Section 1608 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. 
‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3626; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘subsections 
(b) and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (b), (c), and (d)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PHASE 1A C OMPETI -
TIVEOPPORTUNITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For not more than 9 com-
petitive opportunities described in paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may award a con-tract— 
‘‘(A) requiring the use of a rocket engine de-
signed or manufactured in the Russian Federa-tion that is eligible for a waiver under sub-section (b) or an exception under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(B) if a rocket engine described in subpara-
graph (A) is not available, requiring the use of a rocket engine designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation that is not eligible for such a waiver or exception. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPETITIVE OPPORTUNITIES DE -
SCRIBED .—A competitive opportunity described 
in this paragraph is— 
‘‘(A) an opportunity to compete for a contract 
for the procurement of property or services for space launch activities under the evolved ex-pendable launch vehicle program; and 
‘‘(B) one of the 9 Phase 1A competitive oppor-
tunities for fiscal years 2015 through 2017, as specified in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2016 (as sub-mitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code).’’. SEC. 1604. ELIMINATION OF LAUNCH CAPABILI-
TIES CONTRACTS UNDER EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided by sub-
sections (b) and (c), on and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense may not award or renew a contract, or maintain a separate contract line item, for the procure-ment of property or services for space launch ca-pabilities under the evolved expendable launch vehicle program. 
(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may 
waive the prohibition under subsection (a) and award or renew a contract or maintain a sepa-rate contract line item for the procurement of property or services for space launch capabili-ties if the Secretary of Defense determines, and reports to the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days before the waiver takes effect, that— 
(1) awarding or renewing such a contract or 
maintaining such a contract line item is nec-essary for the national security interests of the United States and the contract or contract line item does not support space launch activities using rocket engines designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation; and 
(2) failing to award or renew such a contract 
or maintain such a contract line item will have significant consequences to national security and will result in the significant loss of life or property or economic harm. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The prohibition under sub-
section (a) shall not apply to the placement of orders or the exercise of options under the con-tract numbered FA8811–13–C–0003 and awarded on December 18, 2013. 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—The exception under para-
graph (1) shall terminate on September 30, 2019. 
(d) S PACE LAUNCH CAPABILITIES DEFINED .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘space launch capabili-ties’’ includes all work associated with space launch infrastructure maintenance and sustainment, program management, systems en-gineering, launch site operations, launch site depreciation, and maintenance commodities. 
SEC. 1605. ALLOCATION OF FUNDING FOR 
EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VE-HICLE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amount requested in 
the budget of the President submitted to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2017, 2018, or 2019 for the Air Force for the launch of Air Force sat-ellites under the evolved expendable launch ve-hicle launch capability program shall bear the same ratio to the total amount requested in that budget for that fiscal year for the launch of na-tional security satellites under the evolved ex-pendable launch vehicle launch capability pro-gram as the amount requested in that budget for that fiscal year for the procurement of cores for the Air Force for the launch of Air Force sat-ellites under the evolved expendable launch ve-hicle launch services program bears to the total amount requested in that budget for that fiscal year for the procurement of cores for the launch of national security satellites under the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch services pro-gram. 
(b) N
ATIONAL SECURITY SATELLITE DEFINED .— 
In this section, the term ‘‘national security sat-ellite’’ is a satellite launched for national secu-rity purposes, including such a satellite launched by the Air Force, the Navy, or the Na-tional Reconnaissance Office, or any other ele-ment of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1606. INCLUSION OF PLAN FOR DEVELOP-
MENT AND FIELDING OF A FULL-UP ENGINE IN ROCKET PROPULSION SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 1604(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard 
P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3623; 10 U.S.C. 2273 note) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4440 June 22, 2015 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4) a plan for the development and fielding 
of a full-up engine.’’. 
SEC. 1607. LIMITATIONS ON AVAILABILITY OF 
FUNDS FOR THE DEFENSE METE-OROLOGICAL SATELLITE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the De-fense Meteorological Satellite program (PE# 0305160F and line number MS0554) or for the launch of Defense Meteorological Satellite pro-gram satellite #20 (in this section referred to as ‘‘DMSP20’’), and none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2015 for that program or the launch of DMSP20 that remain available for ob-ligation as of the date of the enactment of this Act, may be obligated or expended until the Sec-retary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff jointly certify to the congres-sional defense committees that— 
(1) relying on civil and international contribu-
tions to meet space-based environmental moni-toring requirements is insufficient or is a risk to national security and launching DMSP20 will meet those requirements; 
(2) launching DMSP20 is the most affordable 
solution to meeting requirements validated by the Joint Requirements Oversight Council; and 
(3) nonmaterial solutions within the Depart-
ment of Defense, the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration are in-capable of meeting the cloud characterization and theater weather requirements validated by the Joint Requirements Oversight Council. 
(b) C
OMPARATIVE COST AND CAPABILITY AS-
SESSMENT .—If the Secretary and the Chairman 
determine that a material solution is required to meet the cloud characterization and theater weather requirements validated by the Joint Re-quirements Oversight Council, the Secretary and the Chairman shall jointly submit to the con-gressional defense committees a cost and capa-bility assessment that compares the cost of meet-ing those requirements with DMSP20 and with an alternate material solution that includes electro-optical infrared weather imaging or other comparable solutions. 
SEC. 1608. QUARTERLY REPORTS ON GLOBAL PO-
SITIONING SYSTEM III SPACE SEG-MENT, GLOBAL POSITIONING SYS-TEM OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEG-MENT, AND MILITARY GLOBAL POSI-TIONING SYSTEM USER EQUIPMENT ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Comptroller General of the United States a report on the Global Positioning System III space segment, the Global Positioning System operational control segment, and the Military Global Positioning System user equipment acquisition programs. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by sub-
section (a) shall include, with respect to an ac-quisition program specified in that subsection, the following: 
(1) A statement of the status of the program 
with respect to cost, schedule, and performance. 
(2) A description of any changes to the re-
quirements of the program. 
(3) A description of any technical risks im-
pacting the cost, schedule, and performance of the program. 
(4) An assessment of how such risks are to be 
addressed and the costs associated with such risks. 
(5) An assessment of the extent to which the 
segments of the program are synchronized. 
(c) B
RIEFINGS BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL .— 
The Comptroller General shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on a 
report submitted under subsection (a)— 
(1) in the case of the first such report, not 
later than 30 days after receiving that report; and 
(2) as the Comptroller General considers ap-
propriate thereafter. 
(d) T
ERMINATION .—The requirement under 
subsection (a) shall terminate with respect to an acquisition program specified in that subsection on the date on which that program reaches full operational capability. 
SEC. 1609. PLAN FOR CONSOLIDATION OF ACQUI-
SITION OF COMMERCIAL SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 31, 
2016, the Department of Defense Executive Agent for Space shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a plan for the consoli-dation, during the three-year period beginning on the date on which the plan is submitted, of the acquisition of commercial satellite commu-nications services from across the Department of Defense into a program office in the Space and Missile Systems Center of the Air Force. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include— 
(A) an assessment of the management and 
overhead costs relating to the acquisition of commercial satellite communications services across the Department of Defense; and 
(B) an estimate of— (i) the costs of implementing the consolidation 
of the acquisition of such services described in subsection (a); and 
(ii) the projected savings of the consolidation. (2) V
ALIDATION BY DIRECTOR OF COST ASSESS -
MENT AND PROGRAM EVALUATION .—The assess-
ment required by paragraph (1)(A) and the esti-mates required by paragraph (1)(B) shall be validated by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation. 
SEC. 1610. COUNCIL ON OVERSIGHT OF THE DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE POSI-TIONING, NAVIGATION, AND TIMING ENTERPRISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 135 of title 10, 
United States Code, as amended by section 1602, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 2279b. Council on Oversight of the Depart-
ment of Defense Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Enterprise 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is within the De-
partment of Defense a council to be known as the ‘Council on Oversight of the Department of Defense Positioning, Navigation, and Timing Enterprise’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Council’). 
‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The members of the Coun-
cil shall be as follows: 
‘‘(1) The Under Secretary of Defense for Pol-
icy. 
‘‘(2) The Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-
quisition, Technology, and Logistics. 
‘‘(3) The Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of 
Staff. 
‘‘(4) The Commander of the United States 
Strategic Command. 
‘‘(5) The Commander of the United States 
Northern Command. 
‘‘(6) The Commander of United States Cyber 
Command. 
‘‘(7) The Director of the National Security 
Agency. 
‘‘(8) The Chief Information Officer of the De-
partment of Defense. 
‘‘(9) Such other officers of the Department of 
Defense as the Secretary may designate. 
‘‘(c) C O-CHAIR .—The Council shall be co- 
chaired by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—(1) The Council shall 
be responsible for oversight of the Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing en-terprise, including positioning, navigation, and 
timing services provided to civil, commercial, sci-entific, and international users. 
‘‘(2) In carrying out the responsibility for 
oversight of the Department of Defense posi-tioning, navigation, and timing enterprise as specified in paragraph (1), the Council shall be responsible for the following: 
‘‘(A) Oversight of performance assessments 
(including interoperability). 
‘‘(B) Vulnerability identification and mitiga-
tion. 
‘‘(C) Architecture development. ‘‘(D) Resource prioritization. ‘‘(E) Such other responsibilities as the Sec-
retary of Defense shall specify for purposes of this section. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—At the same time each 
year that the budget of the President is sub-mitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, the Council shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the activities of the Council. Each report shall include the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) A description and assessment of the ac-
tivities of the Council during the previous fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) A description of the activities proposed to 
be undertaken by the Council during the period covered by the current future-years defense pro-gram under section 221 of this title. 
‘‘(3) Any changes to the requirements of the 
Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing enterprise made during the previous year, along with an explanation for why the changes were made and a description of the ef-fects of the changes to the capability of such en-terprise. 
‘‘(4) A breakdown of each program element in 
such budget that relates to the Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing en-terprise, including how such program element relates to the operation and sustainment, re-search and development, procurement, or other activity of such enterprise. 
‘‘(f) B
UDGET AND FUNDING MATTERS .—(1) Not 
later than 30 days after the President submits to Congress the budget for a fiscal year under sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command shall submit to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff an assessment of— 
‘‘(A) whether such budget allows the Federal 
Government to meet the required capabilities of the Department of Defense positioning, naviga-tion, and timing enterprise during the fiscal year covered by the budget and the four subse-quent fiscal years; and 
‘‘(B) if the Commander determines that such 
budget does not allow the Federal Government to meet such required capabilities, a description of the steps being taken to meet such required capabilities. 
‘‘(2) Not later than 30 days after the date on 
which the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff receives the assessment of the Commander of the United States Strategic Command under para-graph (1), the Chairman shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees— 
‘‘(A) such assessment as it was submitted to 
the Chairman; and 
‘‘(B) any comments of the Chairman. ‘‘(3) If a House of Congress adopts a bill au-
thorizing or appropriating funds for the activi-ties of the Department of Defense positioning, navigation, and timing enterprise that, as deter-mined by the Council, provides insufficient funds for such activities for the period covered by such bill, the Council shall notify the con-gressional defense committees of the determina-tion. 
‘‘(g) N
OTIFICATION OF ANOMALIES .—(1) The 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees written notification of an anomaly in the Department of Defense posi-tioning, navigation, and timing enterprise that is reported to the Secretary or the Council by not later than 14 days after the date on which 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4441 June 22, 2015 
the Secretary or the Council learns of such 
anomaly, as the case may be. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘anomaly’ 
means any unplanned, irregular, or abnormal event, whether unexplained or caused inten-tionally or unintentionally by a person or a sys-tem. 
‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION .—The Council shall termi-
nate on the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 1602, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2799a the following new item: 
‘‘2279b. Council on Oversight of the Department 
of Defense Positioning, Naviga-tion, and Timing Enterprise.’’. 
SEC. 1611. ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES FOR 
WIDE-BAND COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall conduct an analysis of alternatives for a follow-on wide-band communications system to the Wideband Global SATCOM System that in-cludes space, air, and ground layer communica-tions capabilities of the Department of Defense. 
(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 
31, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the analysis conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1612. EXPANSION OF GOALS FOR PILOT PRO-
GRAM FOR ACQUISITION OF COM-MERCIAL SATELLITE COMMUNICA-TION SERVICES. 
Section 1605(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard 
P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3623; 10 U.S.C. 2208 note) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(5) demonstrates the potential to achieve 
order-of-magnitude improvements in satellite communications capability.’’. 
SEC. 1613. STREAMLINE COMMERCIAL SPACE 
LAUNCH ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that eliminating duplicative require-ments and approvals for commercial launch and reentry operations will promote and encourage the development of the commercial space sector. 
(b) R
EAFFIRMATION OF POLICY .—Congress re-
affirms that the Secretary of Transportation, in overseeing and coordinating commercial launch and reentry operations, should— 
(1) promote commercial space launches and re-
entries by the private sector; 
(2) facilitate Government, State, and private 
sector involvement in enhancing United States launch sites and facilities; 
(3) protect public health and safety, safety of 
property, national security interests, and for-eign policy interests of the United States; and 
(4) consult with the head of another executive 
agency, including the Secretary of Defense or the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, as necessary to pro-vide consistent application of licensing require-ments under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation under section 50918 of title 51, United States Code, and subject to section 50905(b)(2)(C) of that title, shall consult with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, and the heads of other executive agen-cies, as appropriate— 
(A) to identify all requirements that are im-
posed to protect the public health and safety, safety of property, national security interests, and foreign policy interests of the United States 
relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehi-cle; and 
(B) to evaluate the requirements identified in 
subparagraph (A) and, in coordination with the licensee or transferee and the heads of the rel-evant executive agencies— 
(i) determine whether the satisfaction of a re-
quirement of one agency could result in the sat-isfaction of a requirement of another agency; and 
(ii) resolve any inconsistencies and remove 
any outmoded or duplicative requirements or approvals of the Federal Government relevant to any commercial launch of a launch vehicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the Secretary of Transportation determines no outmoded or duplicative require-ments or approvals of the Federal Government exist, the Secretary of Transportation, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the commercial space sec-tor, and the heads of other executive agencies, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, and the congressional defense committees a re-port that includes the following: 
(A) A description of the process for the appli-
cation for and approval of a permit or license under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, for the commercial launch of a launch ve-hicle or commercial reentry of a reentry vehicle, including the identification of— 
(i) any unique requirements for operating on 
a United States Government launch site, reentry site, or launch property; and 
(ii) any inconsistent, outmoded, or duplicative 
requirements or approvals. 
(B) A description of current efforts, if any, to 
coordinate and work across executive agencies to define interagency processes and procedures for sharing information, avoiding duplication of effort, and resolving common agency require-ments. 
(C) Recommendations for legislation that may 
further— 
(i) streamline requirements in order to improve 
efficiency, reduce unnecessary costs, resolve in-consistencies, remove duplication, and minimize unwarranted constraints; and 
(ii) consolidate or modify requirements across 
affected agencies into a single application set that satisfies the requirements identified in paragraph (1)(A). 
(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
section— 
(A) any applicable definitions set forth in sec-
tion 50902 of title 51, United States Code, shall apply; 
(B) the terms ‘‘launch’’, ‘‘reenter’’, and ‘‘re-
entry’’ include landing of a launch vehicle or reentry vehicle; and 
(C) the terms ‘‘United States Government 
launch site’’ and ‘‘United States Government re-entry site’’ include any necessary facility, at that location, that is commercially operated on United States Government property. 
Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and 
Intelligence-related Activities 
SEC. 1621. REPORT ON AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE RQ–4 GLOB-AL HAWK MISSION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, shall sub-mit to Congress a report on the feasibility of using the Air National Guard in association with the active duty Air Force to operate and maintain the RQ–4 Global Hawk. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by (a) 
shall include the following: 
(1) An assessment of the costs, training re-
quirements, and personnel required to create an association for the Global Hawk mission con-sisting of members of the Air Force serving on active duty and members of the Air National Guard. 
(2) The capacity of the Air National Guard to 
support an association described in paragraph (1). 
Subtitle C—Cyber Warfare, Cyber Security, 
and Related Matters 
SEC. 1631. AUTHORIZATION OF MILITARY CYBER 
OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 130g. Authorities concerning military cyber 
operations 
‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall develop, pre-
pare, coordinate, and, when authorized by the President to do so, conduct a military cyber op-eration in response to malicious cyber activity carried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign power (as de-fined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘130g. Authorities concerning military cyber op-
erations.’’. 
SEC. 1632. DESIGNATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE ENTITY RESPONSIBLE FOR ACQUISITION OF CRITICAL CYBER CAPABILITIES. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall, for each critical cyber capability described in paragraph (2), designate an entity of the Department of Defense to be re-sponsible for the acquisition of the critical cyber capability. 
(2) C
RITICAL CYBER CAPABILITIES DESCRIBED .— 
The critical cyber capabilities described in this paragraph are all of the cyber capabilities that the Secretary considers critical to the mission of the Department of Defense, including the fol-lowing: 
(A) The Unified Platform. (B) A persistent cyber training environment. 
(C) A cyber situational awareness and battle 
management system. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the designations made under subsection (a). 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Identification of each designation made 
under subsection (a). 
(B) Estimates of the funding requirements and 
acquisition timelines for each critical cyber ca-pability for which a designation was made under subsection (a). 
(C) An explanation of whether critical cyber 
capabilities could be acquired more quickly with changes to acquisition authorities. 
(D) Such recommendations as the Secretary 
may have for legislation or administrative ac-tion to improve the acquisition of, or acquire more quickly, the critical cyber capabilities for which designations are made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1633. INCENTIVE FOR SUBMITTAL TO CON-
GRESS BY PRESIDENT OF INTE-GRATED POLICY TO DETER ADVER-SARIES IN CYBERSPACE. 
Until the President submits to the congres-
sional defense committees the report required by section 941 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (127 Stat. 837; Pub-lic Law 113–66), $10,000,000 of the unobligated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4442 June 22, 2015 
balance of the amounts appropriated or other-
wise made available to the Department of De-fense to provide support services to the Execu-tive Office of the President may not be obligated or expended. 
SEC. 1634. AUTHORIZATION FOR PROCUREMENT 
OF RELOCATABLE SENSITIVE COM-PARTMENTED INFORMATION FACIL-ITY. 
Of the unobligated amounts appropriated or 
otherwise made available in fiscal years 2014 and 2015 for procurement for the Army, $10,600,000 may be used for the procurement of a relocatable Sensitive Compartmented Informa-tion Facility for the Cyber Center of Excellence at Fort Gordon, Georgia, as described in the re-programming action prior approval request sub-mitted by the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) to Congress on February 6, 2015. 
SEC. 1635. EVALUATION OF CYBER 
VULNERABILITIES OF MAJOR WEAP-ON SYSTEMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) E VALUATION REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
shall complete an evaluation of the cyber vulnerabilities of each major weapon system of the Department of Defense by not later than De-cember 31, 2019. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may waive the 
requirement of paragraph (1) with respect to a weapon system or complete the evaluation of a weapon system required by such paragraph after the date specified in such paragraph if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees before that date that all known cyber vulnerabilities in the weapon system have minimal consequences for the capability of the weapon system to meet operational requirements or otherwise satisfy mission requirements. 
(b) P
LAN FOR EVALUATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the plan of the Secretary for the evaluations of major weapon systems required by subsection (a), including an identification of each of the weapon systems to be evaluated and an estimate of the funding required to conduct the evaluations. 
(2) P
RIORITY IN EVALUATIONS .—The plan 
under paragraph (1) shall accord a priority among evaluations based on the criticality of major weapon systems, as determined by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff based on an assessment of employment of forces and threats. 
(3) I
NTEGRATION WITH OTHER EFFORTS .—The 
plan under paragraph (1) shall build upon exist-ing efforts regarding the identification and miti-gation of cyber vulnerabilities of major weapon systems, and shall not duplicate similar ongoing efforts such as ‘‘Task Force Cyber Awakening’’ of the Navy or ‘‘Task Force Cyber Secure’’ of the Air Force. 
(c) S
TATUS ON PROGRESS .—On a regular basis, 
the Secretary shall inform the congressional de-fense committees of the activities undertaken in the evaluation of major weapon systems under this section. 
(d) R
ISKMITIGATION STRATEGIES .—As part of 
the evaluation of cyber vulnerabilities of major weapon systems of the Department under this section, the Secretary shall develop strategies for mitigating the risks of cyber vulnerabilities identified in the course of such evaluations. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Of 
amounts appropriated or otherwise made avail-able under section 201, $200,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary to conduct the eval-uations required by subsection (a)(1). 
SEC. 1636. ASSESSMENT OF CAPABILITIES OF 
UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND TO DEFEND THE UNITED STATES FROM CYBER ATTACKS. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Principal Cyber Advisor, 
with the assistance of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-
tics, shall sponsor an independent panel to as-sess the ability of the National Mission Forces of the United States Cyber Command to reliably prevent or block large-scale attacks on the United States by foreign powers with capabili-ties comparable to the capabilities of China, Iran, North Korea, and Russia expected in the years 2020 and 2025. 
(2) I
NDEPENDENT EXPERTS .—The panel spon-
sored under paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) independent experts in cyber warfare 
technology, intelligence, and operations; and 
(B) independent experts in non-cyber military 
operations. 
(b) W ARGAMES .—The Chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff, in consultation with the Prin-cipal Cyber Advisor, shall conduct a series of war games through the Warfighting Analysis Division of the Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment Directorate to assess the strategy, assumptions, and capabilities of the United States Cyber Command to prevent large-scale cyber attacks by foreign powers with capabili-ties described in subsection (a)(1) from reaching United States targets. 
(c) F
INDINGS .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act— 
(1) the Principal Cyber Advisor shall convey 
to the congressional defense committees the findings of the Principal Cyber Advisor with re-spect to the assessment conducted by the panel sponsored under subsection (a)(1); and 
(2) the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff 
shall convey to the congressional defense com-mittees the findings of the Chairman with re-spect to the war games conducted under sub-section (b)(1). 
(d) F
OREIGN POWER DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘foreign power’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
SEC. 1637. BIENNIAL EXERCISES ON RESPONDING 
TO CYBER ATTACKS AGAINST CRIT-ICAL INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) B IENNIAL EXERCISES REQUIRED .—Not less 
frequently than once every two years until the date that is six years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, and the heads of the critical infrastructure sector-specific agencies designated under Presi-dential Policy Directive-21 (entitled ‘‘Critical In-frastructure Security Resilience’’ and dated February 12, 2013) and in consultation with gov-ernors of the States and the owners and opera-tors of critical infrastructure, organize and exe-cute one or more exercises based on scenarios in which— 
(1) critical infrastructure of the United States 
is attacked through cyberspace; and 
(2) the President directs the Secretary to— (A) defend the United States; and (B) provide support to civil authorities in re-
sponding to and recovering from cyber attacks. 
(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the exercises 
required by subsection (a) are as follows: 
(1) To improve cooperation and coordination 
between various parts of the Government and industry so that the Government and industry can more effectively and efficiently respond to cyber attacks. 
(2) To exercise command and control, coordi-
nation, communications, and information shar-ing capabilities under the stressing conditions of an ongoing cyber attack. 
(3) To identify gaps and problems that require 
new enhanced training, capabilities, procedures, or authorities. 
(4) To identify— (A) interdependencies; (B) strengths that should be leveraged; and (C) weaknesses that need to be mitigated. (c) R
EQUIREMENT FOR VARIATION OF ASSUMP -
TIONS AND CONDITIONS .—In conducting the exer-
cises required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that there is an appropriate degree 
of variation from exercise to exercise of the fol-lowing: 
(1) The size, scope, duration, and sophistica-
tion of the cyber attacks. 
(2) The degree of warning and knowledge that 
is available to the Department of Defense about the attack and the means used in the attack and the degree of delegation of authority from the President to react, including with pre-planned responses. 
(3) The effectiveness of the National Mission 
Force of the United States Cyber Command in preempting and defeating the attack. 
(4) The effectiveness of the attacks on critical 
infrastructure in general and particularly in specific industry sectors. 
(5) The effectiveness of resilience and recovery 
mechanisms. 
(d) C
OST SHARING AGREEMENTS .—The Sec-
retary shall coordinate with those with whom the Secretary is required to coordinate under subsection (a) to develop equitable cost sharing agreements to defray the expenses of the exer-cises required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1638. COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF DEPART-
MENT OF DEFENSE TO SUPPORT CIVIL AUTHORITIES IN RESPONSE TO CYBER ATTACKS BY FOREIGN POWERS. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall develop a comprehensive plan for the United States Cyber Command to support civil authorities in responding to cyber attacks by foreign powers (as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801)) against the United States or a United States person. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A plan for internal Department of Defense 
collective training activities that are integrated with exercises conducted with other agencies and State and local governments. 
(B) Plans for coordination with the heads of 
other Federal agencies and State and local gov-ernments pursuant to the exercises required under subparagraph (A). 
(C) Note of any historical frameworks that are 
used, if any, in the formulation of the plan re-quired by paragraph (1), such as Operation Noble Eagle. 
(D) Descriptions of the roles, responsibilities, 
and expectations of Federal, State, and local authorities as the Secretary understands them. 
(E) Descriptions of the roles, responsibilities, 
and expectations of the active components and reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
(F) A description of such legislative and ad-
ministrative action as may be necessary to carry out the plan required by paragraph (1). 
(b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  
STATES REVIEW OF PLAN.—The Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States shall review the plan developed under subsection (a)(1). 
SEC. 1639. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON REVIEWING 
AND CONSIDERING FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF COUNCIL OF GOVERNORS ON CYBER CAPABILI-TIES OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary 
of Defense should review and consider any find-ings and recommendations of the Council of Governors pertaining to cyber mission force re-quirements and any proposed reductions in and synchronization of the cyber capabilities of ac-tive or reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
SEC. 1641. DESIGNATION OF AIR FORCE OFFI-
CIALS TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR POL-ICY ON AND PROCUREMENT OF NU-CLEAR COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF OFFICIALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 24 of title 10, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4443 June 22, 2015 
‘‘§ 499. Designation of Air Force officials to be 
responsible for policy on and procurement of nuclear command, control, and commu-nications systems 
‘‘(a) P
ROCUREMENT .—The Secretary of the Air 
Force shall designate a senior acquisition offi-cial of the Air Force to be responsible for ensur-ing the procurement and integration of the nu-clear command, control, and communication systems of the Air Force. 
‘‘(b) P
OLICY .—The Secretary shall designate 
an official of the Air Force to be responsible for— 
‘‘(1) formulating an integrated policy for the 
nuclear command, control, and communications systems of the Air Force that includes long-term requirements to satisfy the requirements of the Department of Defense for nuclear command, control, and communications; and 
‘‘(2) ensuring that such policy is integrated 
across all Air Force systems using nuclear com-mand, control, and communications systems.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 24 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 498 the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘499. Designation of Air Force officials to be re-
sponsible for policy on and pro-curement of nuclear command, control, and communications sys-tems.’’. 
(b) D
EADLINE .—The Secretary of the Air Force 
shall— 
(1) designate the officials required by section 
499 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(2) promptly notify the congressional defense 
committees of such designation. 
SEC. 1642. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE 
UNITED STATES REVIEW OF REC-OMMENDATIONS RELATING TO THE NUCLEAR SECURITY ENTERPRISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of 
the United States shall, in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, conduct a review of the proc-ess of the Department of Defense for addressing the recommendations of the Department of De-fense Internal Nuclear Enterprise Review, the Independent Review of the Department of De-fense Nuclear Enterprise, and the Nuclear De-terrence Enterprise Review Group, that are eval-uated by the Office of Cost Assessment and Pro-gram Evaluation of the Department of Defense. 
(b) B
RIEFING AND REPORT .—After conducting 
each review under subsection (a), the Comp-troller General shall— 
(1) provide to the congressional defense com-
mittees an initial briefing on the review; and 
(2) after providing the briefing under para-
graph (1), submit to those committees a written report on the review and such other topics as the committees request during the briefing. 
SEC. 1643. ASSESSMENT OF GLOBAL NUCLEAR EN-
VIRONMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) Nuclear competition among countries has 
become both different and in some ways more complex than was the case during the Cold War. 
(2) During the 25 years preceding the date of 
the enactment of this Act, additional countries have obtained nuclear weapons. North Korea is a nuclear-armed country and Iran aspires to ac-quire a nuclear weapons capability. 
(3) A regional nuclear competition has 
emerged in South Asia between India and Paki-stan. Another such competition may emerge in the Middle East between Iran and Israel, trig-gering a nuclear proliferation cascade across the Middle East, involving Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and perhaps other countries as well. 
(4) The proliferation of nuclear weapons to 
countries the cultures of which are quite dif-ferent from that of the United States raises con-cerns regarding how leaders in those countries calculate cost, benefit, and risk with respect to 
decisions regarding the use of nuclear weapons. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Director of 
Net Assessment of the Department of Defense shall, in coordination with the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, conduct an assessment of the global environment with respect to nuclear weapons and the role of United States nuclear forces, policy, and strat-egy in that environment. 
(c) O
BJECTIVES .—The objectives of the assess-
ment required by subsection (b) are to inform the long-term planning of the Department of Defense and policies relating to regional nuclear crises and operations that may involve the esca-lation of nuclear competition among countries. 
(d) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In conducting the assess-
ment required by subsection (b), the Director shall develop and analyze a range of contin-gencies and scenarios, including crises that may emerge from nuclear competition during the 10- year period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act that involve the following: 
(A) The United States and one other country 
that possesses a nuclear weapon. 
(B) The United States and multiple such 
countries. 
(C) Two other such countries. (D) Three or more other such countries. (E) Regional and cross-regional geography, 
including contingencies and scenarios in Eu-rope, the Middle East, South Asia, and East Asia, and contingencies and scenarios that transcend regions. 
(F) The long-term geopolitical and military- 
technical competition as it relates to nuclear weapons and strategic warfare. 
(2) A
NALYSIS OF COMPETITIVE DISCONTINU -
ITIES.—In analyzing the long-term geopolitical 
and military-technical competition as it relates to nuclear weapons and strategic warfare under paragraph (1)(F), the Director shall identify— 
(A) prospective discontinuities in that com-
petition; and 
(B) strategies and capabilities the United 
States could adopt to improve its competitive po-sition following such discontinuities. 
(e) S
TAFFING .—In conducting the assessment 
required by subsection (b), the Director shall en-gage the best talent available, with particular emphasis on engaging individuals and inde-pendent entities with demonstrated expertise in strategy and net assessment methodology. 
(f) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Novem-
ber 15, 2016, the Director shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the as-sessment required by subsection (b). 
SEC. 1644. DEADLINE FOR MILESTONE A DECI-
SION ON LONG-RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON. 
Not later than May 31, 2016, the Secretary of 
Defense shall make a Milestone A decision on the long-range standoff weapon. 
SEC. 1645. AVAILABILITY OF AIR FORCE PRO-
CUREMENT FUNDS FOR CERTAIN COMMERCIAL OFF-THE-SHELF PARTS FOR INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE FUZES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF PROCUREMENT FUNDS.— 
Notwithstanding section 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by section 101 and available for Missile Procurement, Air Force, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4101, $13,700,000 shall be available for the procurement of covered parts pursuant to con-tracts entered into under section 1645 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3651). 
(b) C
OVERED PARTS DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘covered parts’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1645(c) of such Act. 
SEC. 1646. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON POLICY ON 
THE NUCLEAR TRIAD. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— (1) the triad of strategic nuclear delivery sys-
tems plays a critical role in ensuring the na-tional security of the United States; and 
(2) retaining all three legs of the nuclear triad 
is among the highest priorities of the Depart-ment of Defense and will best maintain strategic 
stability at a reasonable cost, while hedging against potential technical problems and vulnerabilities. 
(b) S
TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of 
the United States— 
(1) to operate, sustain, and modernize or re-
place the triad of strategic nuclear delivery sys-tems consisting of— 
(A) heavy bombers equipped with nuclear 
gravity bombs and air-launched nuclear cruise missiles; 
(B) land-based intercontinental ballistic mis-
siles equipped with nuclear warheads that are capable of carrying multiple independently tar-getable reentry vehicles; and 
(C) ballistic missile submarines equipped with 
submarine launched ballistic missiles and mul-tiple nuclear warheads; 
(2) to operate, sustain, and modernize or re-
place a capability to forward-deploy nuclear weapons and dual-capable fighter-bomber air-craft; 
(3) to deter potential adversaries and assure 
allies and partners of the United States through strong and long-term commitment to the nuclear deterrent of the United States and the per-sonnel, systems, and infrastructure that com-prise such deterrent; 
(4) to ensure that the members of the Armed 
Forces who operate the nuclear deterrent of the United States have the training, resources, and national support required to execute the critical national security mission of the members; and 
(5) to achieve a modern and responsive nu-
clear infrastructure to support the full spectrum of deterrence requirements. 
SEC. 1647. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE NUCLEAR 
FORCE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senates makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) On February 6, 2014, Air Force Global 
Strike Command (AFGSC) initiated a force im-provement program for the Intercontinental Bal-listic Missile (ICBM) force designed to improve mission effectiveness, strengthen culture and morale, and identify areas in need of investment by soliciting input from airmen performing ICBM operations. 
(2) The ICBM force improvement program gen-
erated more than 300 recommendations to strengthen ICBM operations and served as a model for subsequent force improvement pro-grams in other mission areas, such as bomber operations and sustainment. 
(3) On May 28, 2014, as part of the nuclear 
force improvement program, the Air Force an-nounced it would make immediate improvements in the nuclear mission of the Air Force, includ-ing enhancing career opportunities for airmen in the nuclear career field, ensuring training ac-tivities focused on performing the mission in the field, reforming the personnel reliability pro-gram, establishing special pay rates for positions in the nuclear career field, and creating a new service medal for nuclear deterrence operations. 
(4) Chief of Staff of the Air Force Mark Welsh 
has said that, as part of the nuclear force im-provement program, the Air Force will increase nuclear-manning levels and strengthen profes-sional development for the members of the Air Force supporting the nuclear mission of the Air Force in order ‘‘to address shortfalls and offer our airmen more stable work schedule and better quality of life’’. 
(5) Secretary of the Air Force Deborah Lee 
James, in recognition of the importance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force, proposed ele-vating the grade of the commander of the Air Force Global Strike Command from lieutenant general to general, and on March 30, 2015, the Senate confirmed a general as commander of that command. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4444 June 22, 2015 
(6) The Air Force redirected more than 
$160,000,000 in fiscal year 2014 to alleviate ur-gent, near-term shortfalls within the nuclear mission of the Air Force as part of the nuclear force improvement program. 
(7) The Air Force plans to spend more than 
$200,000,000 on the nuclear force improvement program in fiscal year 2015, and requested more than $130,000,000 for the program for fiscal year 2016. 
(8) Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel said on 
November 14, 2014, that ‘‘[t]he nuclear mission plays a critical role in ensuring the Nation’s safety. No other enterprise we have is more im-portant’’. 
(9) Secretary Hagel also said that the budget 
for the nuclear mission of the Air Force should increase by 10 percent over a five-year period. 
(10) Section 1652 of the Carl Levin and How-
ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–201; 128 Stat. 3654; 10 U.S.C. 491 note) de-clares it the policy of the United States ‘‘to en-sure that the members of the Armed Forces who operate the nuclear deterrent of the United States have the training, resources, and na-tional support required to execute the critical national security mission of the members’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the 
Senate that— 
(1) the nuclear mission of the Air Force should 
be a top priority for the Department of the Air Force and for Congress; 
(2) the members of the Air Force who operate 
and maintain the Nation’s nuclear deterrent perform work that is vital to the security of the United States; 
(3) the nuclear force improvement program of 
the Air Force has made significant near-term improvements for the members of the Air Force in the nuclear career field of the Air Force; 
(4) Congress should support long-term invest-
ments in the Air Force nuclear enterprise that sustain the progress made under the nuclear force improvement program; 
(5) the Air Force should— 
(A) regularly inform Congress on the progress 
being made under the nuclear force improvement program and its efforts to strengthen the nu-clear enterprise; and 
(B) make Congress aware of any additional 
actions that should be taken to optimize per-formance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force and maximize the strength of the United States strategic deterrent; and 
(6) future budgets for the Air Force should re-
flect the importance of the nuclear mission of the Air Force and the need to provide members of the Air Force assigned to the nuclear mission the best possible support and quality of life. 
Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs 
SEC. 1651. PLAN FOR EXPEDITING DEPLOYMENT 
TIME OF CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES INTERCEPTOR SITE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date on which the Secretary of Defense com-pletes preparation of an environmental impact statement pursuant to section 227(b) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239), the Secretary of Defense shall— 
(1) develop a plan for expediting the deploy-
ment time for a potential future continental United States interceptor site by at least two years, in the case that the President decides to proceed with such deployment; and 
(2) submit to the congressional defense com-
mittees a report on such plan. 
(b) R
EPORT ELEMENTS .—The report submitted 
under subsection (a)(2) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) A description of the plan, including esti-
mates of the cost of carrying out the plan and a schedule for carrying out the plan. 
(2) A description of such legislative or admin-
istrative action as may be necessary to carry out the plan. (3) An assessment of the risks associated with 
decreasing the deployment time, including with respect to cost and the operational effectiveness and reliability of interceptors. 
(4) Identification of any deviation in the plan 
from robust acquisition processes, including with respect to testing prior to full operational capability designation. 
(c) A
SSESSMENT BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF  
THEUNITED STATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date on which the Secretary submits a re-port under subsection (a)(2), the Comptroller General shall— 
(A) complete a review of the report submitted 
under subsection (a)(2); and 
(B) submit to the congressional defense com-
mittees a report on the review conducted pursu-ant to subparagraph (A). 
(2) R
EPORT ELEMENTS .—The report required 
by paragraph (1)(B) shall include the following: 
(A) The findings of the Comptroller General 
with respect to the review conducted pursuant to paragraph (1)(A); and 
(B) such recommendations as the Comptroller 
General may have for legislative or administra-tive action. 
SEC. 1652. ADDITIONAL MISSILE DEFENSE SEN-
SOR COVERAGE FOR THE PROTEC-TION OF THE UNITED STATES HOME-LAND. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) According to the Director of the Missile 
Defense Agency, there are two fundamental means for improving homeland missile defense capability and capacity, ‘‘one, is the reliability of the interceptor, and two, is the discrimination capability of the system’’. 
(2) The Department of Defense will deploy a 
new midcourse tracking radar to provide per-sistent coverage and improve discrimination ca-pabilities against threats to the United States homeland from the Pacific region. 
(3) According to the Director of the Missile 
Defense Agency, a long-range discrimination radar will provide larger hit assessment cov-erage thereby enabling improved warfighting ca-pabilities to manage ground-based interceptor (GBI) inventory and improve the capacity of the ballistic missile defense system. 
(4) According to the Principal Deputy Under 
Secretary of Defense for Policy, ‘‘while Iran has not yet deployed an intercontinental ballistic missile, its progress on space launch vehicles— along with its desire to deter the United States and its allies—provides Tehran with the means and motivation to develop longer-range missiles, including an ICBM. Iran publically stated that it intends to launch a space-launch vehicle as early as this year capable of intercontinental ranges, if configured as such’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the currently deployed ground-based mid-
course defense system protects the entire United States homeland, including the East Coast, against the threat of limited ballistic missile at-tack from North Korea and Iran; and 
(2) additional missile defense sensor discrimi-
nation capabilities are needed to enhance the protection of the United States homeland against potential long-range ballistic missiles from Iran that, according to the Department of Defense, could soon be obtained by Iran as a re-sult of its active space launch program. 
(c) D
EPLOYMENT OF ADDITIONAL COVERAGE .— 
The Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall, in cooperation with the relevant combat-ant command, deploy by not later than Decem-ber 31, 2020, a long-range discrimination radar or other appropriate tracking and discrimina-tion sensor capabilities in a location optimized to support the defense of the homeland of the United States from emerging long-range ballistic missile threats from Iran. SEC. 1653. AIR DEFENSE CAPABILITY AT NORTH 
ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION MISSILE DEFENSE SITES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense, in con-sultation with the relevant combatant command, should ensure that arrangements are in place, including support from other members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), to provide anti-air defense capability at all missile defense sites of the North Atlantic Treaty Orga-nization in support of phases 2 and 3 of the Eu-ropean Phased Adaptive Approach. 
(b) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing— 
(1) the plan to provide anti-air defense capa-
bility as described in subsection (a); and 
(2) the contributions being made by the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization and members of such organization to support the provision of the capability described in such subsection. 
SEC. 1654. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR IRON 
DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DE-FENSE SYSTEM. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Of the amount 
authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for Procurement, Defense-wide, and avail-able for the Missile Defense Agency, not more than $41,400,000 may be provided to the Govern-ment of Israel to procure the Iron Dome short- range rocket defense system, including for co- production of Iron Dome parts and components in the United States by industry of the United States. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS .— 
(1) A GREEMENT .—Funds described in sub-
section (a) to produce the Iron Dome short- range rocket defense program shall be available subject to the terms and conditions in the ‘‘Agreement Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Min-istry of Defense of the State of Israel Con-cerning Iron Dome Defense System Procure-ment’’, signed on March 5, 2014, including any terms and conditions applicable to coproduction of Iron Dome radar components under a nego-tiated amendment to that agreement. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
prior to the initial obligation of funds described in subsection (a), the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees— 
(A) a certification that the agreement speci-
fied in paragraph (1) is being implemented as provided in such agreement; and 
(B) an assessment detailing any risks relating 
to the implementation of such agreement. 
SEC. 1655. ISRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DE-
FENSE PROGRAM CODEVELOPMENT AND POTENTIAL COPRODUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this section, of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for Pro-curement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, $150,000,000 may be pro-vided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling Weapon System and $15,000,000 for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program, including for co-production of parts and compo-nents in the United States by United States in-dustry. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Following successful 
completion of milestones and production readi-ness reviews in the research, development, and technology agreements for the David’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier De-velopment Program, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency may disburse amounts available pursuant to subsection (a) on the basis of a one- for-one cash match with such funds provided by the Government of Israel, or in amounts that otherwise meet best efforts (as mutually agreed by the United States and Israel), on or after the date that is 90 days after the date the Director 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4445 June 22, 2015 
and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-
tion, Technology and Logistics jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a certifi-cation that the United States has entered into a bilateral agreement with the Government of Israel that accomplishes the following: 
(1) Establishes the terms of co-production of 
parts and components of the respective sys-tems— 
(A) on the basis of what will minimize non-re-
curring engineering and facilitization expenses; and 
(B) that ensures that, in the case of co-pro-
duction for the David’s Sling Weapon System, not less than half of such co-production is car-ried out by United States persons. 
(2) Establishes complete transparency on the 
Israeli requirement for the number of intercep-tors and batteries of the respective systems that will be procured. 
(3) Allows the Director of the Missile Defense 
Agency and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics to estab-lish technical milestones for co-production and procurement of the respective systems. 
(4) Establishes joint approval processes for 
third party sales of such systems. 
SEC. 1656. DEVELOPMENT AND DEPLOYMENT OF 
MULTIPLE-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE FOR MISSILE DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES HOMELAND. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the defense of the United States homeland 
against the threat of limited ballistic missile at-tack (whether accidental, unauthorized, or de-liberate) is a national priority; and 
(2) as the threat described in paragraph (1) 
continues to evolve, the multiple-object kill vehi-cle could contribute critical capabilities to the future of the ballistic missile defense of the United States homeland. 
(b) M
ULTIPLE -OBJECT KILLVEHICLE .— 
(1) D EVELOPMENT .—The Director of the Mis-
sile Defense Agency shall develop a highly reli-able, cost-effective multiple-object kill vehicle for the ground-based midcourse defense system. 
(2) D
EPLOYMENT .—The Director shall— 
(A) conduct flight testing of the multiple-ob-
ject kill vehicle developed under paragraph (1) by not later than 2020; and 
(B) field such vehicle as soon as technically 
practicable. 
(c) C
APABILITIES AND CRITERIA .—The Director 
shall ensure that the multiple-object kill vehicle developed under subsection (b)(1) meets, at a minimum, the following capabilities and cri-teria: 
(1) Vehicle-to-vehicle communications. (2) Vehicle-to-ground communications. (3) Kill assessment capability. (4) The ability to counter advanced counter 
measures, decoys, and penetration aids. 
(5) Producibility and manufacturability. (6) Use of technology involving high tech-
nology readiness levels. 
(7) Options to be integrated onto other missile 
defense interceptor vehicles other than the ground-based interceptors of the ground-based midcourse defense system. 
(8) Sound acquisition processes, in coordina-
tion with the Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Missile Defense Executive Board. 
(d) P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT .—The manage-
ment of the multiple-object kill vehicle program under subsection (b) shall report directly to the Deputy Director of the Missile Defense Agency. 
SEC. 1657. REQUIREMENT TO REPLACE CAPA-
BILITY ENHANCEMENT I EXOATMOSPHERIC KILL VEHICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that all remaining ground-based interceptors of the ground-based midcourse defense system that are armed with the capability enhancement I exoatmospheric kill vehicle are replaced with the redesigned exoatmospheric kill vehicle before 
September 30, 2022. 
(b) C
ONDITION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply if the Director determines that flight and intercept testing of the redesigned exoatmospheric kill vehicle is not successful. 
SEC. 1658. AIRBORNE BOOST PHASE DEFENSE 
SYSTEM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) To address the growing threat posed by in-
creasingly accurate and longer-ranged ballistic and cruise missiles, the Missile Defense Agency, in collaboration with the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency and the military serv-ices, is pursuing a suite of laser technologies that could serve as a cost-effective solution for destroying cruise missiles and ballistic missiles in the boost phase. 
(2) A successful airborne boost phase defense 
system could transform United States missile de-fense capabilities against a broad range of mis-sile threats, and place defense on the winning side of the offense-defense cost-curve. 
(b) P
OLICY .—The Secretary of Defense shall— 
(1) prioritize technology investments in the 
Department of Defense to support efforts by the Missile Defense Agency to develop and field an airborne boost phase defense system by fiscal year 2025; 
(2) ensure that development and fielding of 
the airborne boost phase defense system sup-ports multiple warfighter missile defense re-quirements, including, specifically, protection of the homeland and allies against cruise missiles and ballistic missiles, particularly in the boost phase; 
(3) continue development and fielding of high- 
energy lasers and high-power microwave sys-tems as part of a layered architecture to defend ships and theater bases against air and cruise missile strikes; 
(4) encourage collaboration amongst the mili-
tary services and the Defense Advanced Re-search Projects Agency with respect to their high energy laser and directed energy efforts carried out in support of the Missile Defense Agency; and 
(5) ensure cooperation and coordination be-
tween the Missile Defense Agency in its plans to develop an airborne laser and the Air Force in its requirements for unmanned aerial vehicles. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the efforts of the Department of Defense to develop and de-ploy an airborne boost phase defense system for missile defense by fiscal year 2025. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) Such schedules, costs, warfighter require-
ments, operational concept, constraints, poten-tial alternative boost phase approaches, and other information regarding the efforts de-scribed in paragraph (1) as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. 
(B) Analysis of the efforts described in para-
graph (1) with respect to the following cases: 
(i) A case in which the Department is under 
no funding constraints with respect to such ef-forts and progress is based on the state of the technology. 
(ii) A case in which the Department is under 
funding constraints and the efforts are carried out in accordance with a moderately aggressive schedule and are subject to moderate technical risk. 
(iii) A case in which the Department is under 
funding constraints and the efforts are carried out in accordance with a less aggressive sched-ule and are subject to less technical risk. 
(C) An update on related efforts of the De-
partment to develop high energy lasers and high power microwave systems to defend ships and theater bases against air and cruise missile strikes. (D) Such recommendations as the Secretary 
may have for legislative or administrative action to enable more rapid fielding of a directed-en-ergy based missile defense system. 
(3) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph 
(1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1659. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON PRO-
VIDING CERTAIN SENSITIVE MISSILE DEFENSE INFORMATION TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
Section 1246(c)(2) of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 923), as amended by section 1243(2)(A) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3564), is further amended by strik-ing ‘‘for fiscal year 2014 or 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal years 2014 through 2017’’. 
SEC. 1660. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR 
COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW AND AS-SESSMENT OF MISSILE DEFENSE AC-QUISITION PROGRAMS. 
Section 232 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘through 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2020’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), in the first sentence, by 
striking ‘‘through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2021’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), in the matter before 
paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘first three’’. 
Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 1671. MEASURES IN RESPONSE TO VIOLA-
TIONS OF THE INTERMEDIATE- RANGE NUCLEAR FORCES TREATY BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) On July 31, 2014, the Department of State 
released its annual report entitled ‘‘Adherence to and Compliance With Arms Control, Non-proliferation, and Disarmament Agreements and Commitments’’, which included the finding that ‘‘[t]he United States has determined that the Russian Federation is in violation of its obliga-tions under the INF Treaty not to possess, produce, or flight-test a ground-launched cruise missile (GLCM) with a range capability of 500 km to 5,500 km, or to possess or produce launch-ers of such missiles’’. 
(2) The United States has undertaken diplo-
matic efforts to address with the Russian Fed-eration its violations of the INF Treaty since 2013, and the Russian Federation has failed to respond to those efforts in any way. 
(3) The Commander of the United States Euro-
pean Command, and Supreme Allied Commander of Europe, General Philip Breedlove stated that ‘‘[a] weapon capability that violates the I.N.F., that is introduced into the greater European land mass, is absolutely a tool that will have to be dealt with’’ and ‘‘[i]t can’t go unanswered’’. 
(4) The Secretary of Defense has informed 
Congress that the range of options in response to the violation by the Russian Federation of the INF Treaty could include ‘‘active defenses to counter intermediate-range ground-launched cruise missiles; counterforce capabilities to pre-vent intermediate-range ground-launched cruise missile attacks; and countervailing strike capa-bilities to enhance U.S. or allied forces’’. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) the development and deployment of a nu-
clear ground-launched cruise missile by the Rus-sian Federation in violation of the INF Treaty would pose a dangerous threat to the United States and its allies; 
(2) the Russian Federation has established an 
increasing role for nuclear weapons in its mili-tary strategy; 
(3) efforts taken by the President to compel 
the Russian Federation to return to compliance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4446 June 22, 2015 
with the INF Treaty must be persistent and are 
in the best interests of the United States, but cannot be open-ended; and 
(4) efforts by the United States to develop mili-
tary and nonmilitary options for responding to violations of the INF Treaty could encourage the Russian Federation to return to compliance with the INF Treaty. 
(c) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall notify the appropriate congressional committees with respect to whether the Russian Federa-tion— 
(1) has flight-tested, has deployed, or pos-
sesses a military system that has achieved an initial operating capability that is either a ground-launched ballistic missile or ground- launched cruise missile with a flight-tested range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers; or 
(2) has begun taking measures to return to 
full compliance with the INF Treaty, including verification measures necessary to achieve high confidence that any missile described in para-graph (1) will be eliminated. 
(d) U
PDATES TO ALLIES .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intel-ligence, submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes— 
(1) the status of updates provided to the North 
Atlantic Treaty Organization and other allies of the United States on the Russian Federation’s flight testing, operating capability, and deploy-ment of ground-launched ballistic missiles or ground-launched cruise missiles with a flight- tested range of between 500 and 5,500 kilometers; and 
(2) efforts to develop, with the North Atlantic 
Treaty Organization and such allies, collective responses, including economic and military re-sponses, to arms control violations by the Rus-sian Federation, including violations of the INF Treaty. 
(e) P
LAN ON RESPONSE OPTIONS .— 
(1) M ILITARY RESPONSE OPTIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—If, as of the date of the en-
actment of this Act, the Russian Federation has not begun taking measures to return to full com-pliance with the INF Treaty, including by agreeing to verification measures necessary to achieve high confidence that any ground- launched ballistic missile or ground-launched cruise missile with a flight-tested range of be-tween 500 and 5,500 kilometers will be elimi-nated, the Secretary of Defense shall, not later than 120 days after such date of enactment, sub-mit to Congress a plan with respect to devel-oping the following military capabilities: 
(i) Counterforce capabilities to prevent inter-
mediate-range ground-launched ballistic missile and cruise missile attacks, whether or not such capabilities are in compliance with the INF Treaty and including capabilities that may be acquired from allies of the United States. 
(ii) Countervailing strike capabilities to en-
hance the forces of the United States or allies of the United States, whether or not such capabili-ties are in compliance with the INF Treaty and including capabilities that may be acquired from allies of the United States. 
(iii) Active defenses to defend against inter-
mediate-range ground-launched cruise missile attacks. 
(B) C
OST AND SCHEDULE ESTIMATES .—The Sec-
retary shall include, in the plan required by subparagraph (A), with respect to each military capability described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of that subparagraph, an estimate of cost and the approximate time for achieving a Milestone A decision, if such a decision is required. 
(C) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR REC -
OMMENDED CAPABILITIES .—The Secretary may 
use funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evalua-
tion, Defense-wide, as specified in the funding table in section 4201, to carry out the develop-ment of capabilities pursuant to subparagraph (A) that are recommended by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to meet military re-quirements and current capability gaps. In mak-ing such a recommendation, the Chairman shall give priority to such capabilities that the Chair-man determines could be tested and fielded most expediently, with the most priority given to ca-pabilities that the Chairman determines could be fielded in two years. 
(2) O
THER RESPONSE OPTIONS .—The President 
shall include in the plan required by paragraph (1)(A) such other options as the President con-siders useful to encourage the Russian Federa-tion to return to full compliance with the INF Treaty or necessary to respond to the failure of the Russian Federation to return to full compli-ance with the INF Treaty. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations and 
the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Sen-ate; and 
(C) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) INF 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ 
means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Re-publics on the Elimination of Their Inter-mediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and en-tered into force June 1, 1988 (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty’’ or ‘‘INF Treaty’’). 
SEC. 1672. MODIFICATION OF NOTIFICATION AND 
ASSESSMENT OF PROPOSAL TO MOD-IFY OR INTRODUCE NEW AIRCRAFT OR SENSORS FOR FLIGHT BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION UNDER THE OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1242(b) of the Carl 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘30 days’’ 
and inserting ‘‘90 days’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the 
following new sentence: ‘‘The assessment shall also include an assessment of the proposal by the commander of each combatant command po-tentially affected by the proposal, including an assessment of the potential effects of the pro-posal on operations and any potential vulnerabilities raised by the proposal.’’. 
(b) R
EPORTS ON MEETINGS OF OPEN SKIES 
CONSULTATIVE COMMISSION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date of any meeting of the Open Skies Con-sultative Commission that occurs after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report setting forth a descrip-tion of such meeting, including a description of any agreements entered into during such meet-ing and whether any such agreement will result in a modification to the aircraft or sensors of any State Party to the Open Skies Treaty that will be subject to the Open Skies Treaty. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the term 
‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ and ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1242 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. 
SEC. 1673. MILESTONE A DECISION FOR THE CON-
VENTIONAL PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE WEAPONS SYSTEM. 
The Secretary of Defense shall make a Mile-
stone A decision for the Conventional Prompt Global Strike Weapons System not later than the earlier of— (1) September 30, 2020; or 
(2) the date that is 8 months after the success-
ful completion of Intermediate Range Flight 2 of that System. 
SEC. 1674. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON MAINTAINING 
AND ENHANCING MILITARY INTEL-LIGENCE SUPPORT TO FORCE PRO-TECTION FOR INSTALLATIONS, FA-CILITIES, AND PERSONNEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
(1) Maintaining appropriate force protection 
for deployed personnel of the Department of De-fense and their families is a priority for Con-gress. 
(2) Installations, facilities, and personnel of 
the Department in Europe face a rising threat from international terrorist groups operating in Europe, from individuals inspired by such groups, and from those traversing through Eu-rope to join or return from fighting the terrorist organization known as the ‘‘Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant’’ (ISIL) in Iraq and Syria. 
(3) Robust military intelligence support to 
force protection is necessary to detect and thwart potential terrorist plots that, if success-ful, would have strategic consequences for the United States and the allies of the United States in Europe. 
(4) Military intelligence support is also impor-
tant for detecting and addressing early indica-tors and warnings of aggression and assertive military action by Russia, particularly action by Russia to destabilize Europe with hybrid or asymmetric warfare. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense should maintain and enhance robust military intel-ligence support to force protection for installa-tions, facilities, and personnel of the Depart-ment of Defense and the family members of such personnel, in Europe and worldwide. 
DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military 
Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
SEC. 2002. EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND 
AMOUNTS REQUIRED TO BE SPECI-FIED BY LAW. 
(a) E XPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AFTER 
THREE YEARS.—Except as provided in subsection 
(b), all authorizations contained in titles XXI through XXVII for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program (and authorizations of appro-priations therefor) shall expire on the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2019. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to authorizations for military construc-tion projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program (and authorizations of appro-priations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obligated before the later of— 
(1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-
thorizing funds for fiscal year 2019 for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, or contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Secu-rity Investment Program. 
TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4447 June 22, 2015 
available for military construction projects in-
side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out 
military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and 
in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska ................................................. Fort Greely ............................................................. ...................................................... $7,800,000 
California ............................................ Concord .................................................................. ...................................................... $98,000,000 
Colorado .............................................. Fort Carson .............................................................. .................................................... $5,800,000 
Georgia ................................................ Fort Gordon ............................................................. .................................................... $90,000,000 
Maryland ............................................. Fort Meade ................................................................ ................................................... $34,500,000 
New York ............................................. Fort Drum ................................................................. ................................................... $19,000,000 
U. S. Military Academy ................................................................................................. $70,000, 000 
Oklahoma ............................................ Fort Sill .................................................................. ...................................................... $69,400,000 
Texas ................................................... Corpus Christi ......................................................... ..................................................... $85,000,000 
Virginia ............................................... Fort Lee ................................................................ ....................................................... $33,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the instal-lations or locations outside the United States, 
and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Cuba ........................................................... Guantanamo Bay .................................................. ................................................. $76,000,000 
Germany ..................................................... Grafenwoehr ........................................................ .................................................. $51,000,000 
SEC. 2102. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military family housing functions 
as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or ac-quire family housing units (including land ac-quisition and supporting facilities) at the instal-
lations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Army: Family Housing 
State/Country Installation or Location Units Amount 
Florida ................................ Camp Rudder ...................................................................... Family Housing New Construction $8,000,000 
Illinois ................................. Rock Island ......................................................................... Fa mily Housing New Construction $20,000,000 
Korea .................................. Camp Walker ....................................................................... Family  Housing New Construction $61,000,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts 
appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Army may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction de-sign activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $7,195,000. 
SEC. 2103. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2104(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $3,500,000. 
SEC. 2104. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
ARMY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-
ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2101 of this Act may not exceed the sum of the following: 
(1) The total amount authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(2) $226,400,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2101(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291) for a Command and Control Facility at Fort Shafter, 
Hawaii). 
(3) $6,000,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2101(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2119) for cadet barracks at the United States Military Academy, New York). 
(4) $78,000,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2101(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2119), as amended by section 2105(d) of this Act, for a Secure Administration/Operations Facility at Fort Belvoir, Virginia). SEC. 2105. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2101(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2119) for the United States Military Academy, New York, for construction of a Cadet barracks building at the installation, the Secretary of the Army may install mechanical equipment and distribution lines sufficient to provide chilled water for air conditioning the nine existing his-torical Cadet barracks which are being ren-ovated through the Cadet Barracks Upgrade Program. 
SEC. 2106. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (125 Stat. 1661), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2012 Project Authorizations 
State Installation or Location Project Amount 
Georgia .......................... Fort Benning .......................... Land Acquisition ........................................ ........................... $25,000,000 
Fort Benning .......................... Land Acquisition ................................................................... $5,100 ,000 
Virginia ......................... Fort Belvoir ............................ Road and Infrastructure Improvements .................. ................. $25,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4448 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 2107. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (126 Stat. 2119) shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Army: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations 
State or Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
District of Columbia .................... Fort McNair ............................... Vehicle Storage Building, Installation ....... .................... $7,191,000 
Kansas ....................................... Fort Riley ................................... Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Complex ...... .......................... $12,184,000 
North Carolina ............................ Fort Bragg ................................. Aerial Gunnery Range ...................... ............................ $41,945,000 
Texas .......................................... Joint Base San Antonio ............... Barracks ................................... ................................... $20,971,000 
Virginia ...................................... Fort Belvoir ................................ Secure Admin/Operations Facility ..... ............................. $93,876,000 
Italy ........................................... Camp Ederle ............................... Barracks ............................. ......................................... $35,952,000 
Japan ......................................... Sagami ....................................... Vehicle Maintenance Shop ............ ................................ $17,976,000 
SEC. 2108. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY 
OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary 
of the Army may carry out a military construc-tion project to construct a vehicle bridge and traffic circle to facilitate traffic flow to and from the Medical Center at Rhine Ordnance Bar-racks, Germany, in the amount of $12,400,000. 
(b) U
SE OF HOST-NATION PAYMENT -IN-KIND 
FUNDS.—The Secretary may use available host- 
nation payment-in-kind funding for the project described in subsection (a). SEC. 2109. LIMITATION ON CONSTRUCTION OF 
NEW FACILITIES AT GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the amounts au-
thorized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense may be used to construct new facilities at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, until the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that any new con-struction of facilities at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, has enduring military value independent of a high value detention mission. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in sub-
section (a) shall be construed as limiting the ability of the Department of Defense to obligate or expend available funds to correct a deficiency that is life-threatening, health-threatening, or 
safety-threatening. 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2201. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Arizona ................................................ Yuma .................................................................... ....................................................... $50,635,000 
California ............................................. Coronado ................................................................ ..................................................... $4,856,000 
Lemoore ....................................................................................................................... $ 71,830,000 
Miramar ....................................................................................................................... $ 11,200,000 
Pendleton ..................................................................................................................... $ 83,800,000 
Point Mugu .................................................................................................................. $22 ,427,000 
San Diego ..................................................................................................................... $ 37,366,000 
Twentynine Palms ........................................................................................................ $9,160, 000 
Florida ................................................ Jacksonville ............................................................ ...................................................... $16,751,000 
Mayport ....................................................................................................................... $ 16,159,000 
Pensacola ..................................................................................................................... $ 18,347,000 
Whiting Field ............................................................................................................... $10 ,421,000 
Georgia ................................................ Albany .................................................................. ....................................................... $7,851,000 
Kings Bay .................................................................................................................... $8 ,099,000 
Townsend ..................................................................................................................... $4 3,279,000 
Hawaii ................................................. Barking Sands ........................................................... ................................................... $30,623,000 
Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .................................................................................... $14,881,000 
Kaneohe Bay ................................................................................................................ $106 ,618,000 
Marine Corps Base Hawaii ............................................................................................ $12,800,000  
Maryland ............................................. Patuxent River ............................................................ ................................................. $40,935,000 
North Carolina ..................................... Camp Lejeune ................................................................ ............................................... $74,249,000 
Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station .......................................................................... $57,726,000 
New River .................................................................................................................... $8 ,230,000 
South Carolina ..................................... Parris Island ............................................................... ................................................. $27,075,000 
Virginia ............................................... Dam Neck ................................................................ ..................................................... $23,066,000 
Norfolk ........................................................................................................................ . $126,677,000 
Portsmouth ................................................................................................................... $4 5,513,000 
Quantico ...................................................................................................................... $ 75,399,000 
Washington .......................................... Bangor ..................................................................... .................................................... $34,177,000 
Bremerton .................................................................................................................... $2 2,680,000 
Indian Island ............................................................................................................... $4, 472,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tion or location outside the United States, and 
in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Bahrain Island ......................................... Southwest Asia .......................................................... ................................................ $89,791,000 
Guam ....................................................... Joint Region Marianas ............................................... ................................................ $181,768,000 
Italy ......................................................... Sigonella ........................................................ ........................................................... $102,943,000 
Japan ....................................................... Camp Butler ........................................................ ...................................................... $11,697,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4449 June 22, 2015 
Navy: Outside the United States —Continued 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Iwakuni .................................................................................................................... $17, 923,000 
Kadena Air Base ....................................................................................................... $23,310,0 00 
Yokosuka .................................................................................................................. $13,8 46,000 
Poland ...................................................... RedziKowo Base ..................................................... ................................................... $51,270,000 
SEC. 2202. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions 
as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or ac-quire family housing units (including land ac-quisition and supporting facilities) at the instal-
lations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Family Housing 
State Installation or Location Units Amount 
Virginia ............................... Wallops Island .................................................................... Family  Housing New Construction $438,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts 
appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Navy may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction de-sign activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,588,000. 
SEC. 2203. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $11,515,000. SEC. 2204. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NAVY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-
ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2201 of this 
Act may not exceed the sum of the following: 
(1) The total amount authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(2) $274,099,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2201(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1666) for an explosive handling wharf at Kitsap, Washington). (3) $68,196,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2201(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (division B of Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2633) for ramp parking at Joint Region Mari-anas, Guam). 
SEC. 2205. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (125 Stat. 1666) and extended by section 2208 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3678), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Navy: Extension of 2012 Project Authorizations 
State Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ............................................. Camp Pendleton ..................................... Infantry Squad Defens e Range ............... $29,187,000 
Florida .................................................. Jacksonville ........................................... P–8A Hangar Upg rades .......................... $6,085,000 
Georgia .................................................. Kings Bay .............................................. Crab Island Sec urity Enclave .................. $52,913,000 
SEC. 2206. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (126 Stat. 2122), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Navy: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ............................................. Camp Pendleton ..................................... Comm. Information Sys tems Ops Complex $78,897,000 
Coronado ............................................... Bachelor Quarters .................................. $76,063,000 
Twentynine Palms .................................. Land Expansion Phase 2 ........................ $47,270,000 
Greece .................................................... Souda Bay ............................................. Intermodal Acce ss Road .......................... $4,630,000 
South Carolina ....................................... Beaufort ................................................ Recycling/Hazardou s Waste Facility ........ $3,743,000 
Virginia ................................................. Quantico ............................................... Infrastructure— Widen Russell Road ....... $14,826,000 
Worldwide Unspecified ........................... Various Worldwide Locations ................. BAMS Operational Facilities ........ .......... $34,048,000 
TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY 
CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2301. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-
TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and 
available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and 
in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4450 June 22, 2015 
Air Force: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska .......................................................................... Eielson Air Force Base ......................... ............................................. $71,400,000 
Arizona ......................................................................... Davis-Monthan Air Force Base ................... ....................................... $16,900,000 
Luke Air Force Base ......................................................................... $77,700,000 
Colorado ....................................................................... U. S. Air Force Academy ......................... .......................................... $10,000,000 
CONUS Classified .......................................................... Classified Location .................................. ......................................... $77,130,000 
Florida .......................................................................... Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .............. ....................................... $21,000,000 
Eglin Air Force Base ......................................................................... $8,700,000 
Hurlburt Field .................................................................................. $14,200,000 
Hawaii .......................................................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ................. ....................................... $46,000,000 
Kansas .......................................................................... McConnell Air Force Base ....................... .......................................... $15,500,000 
Louisiana ...................................................................... Barksdale ....................................... .................................................. $20,000,000 
Missouri ....................................................................... Whiteman Air Force Base ......................... ......................................... $29,500,000 
Montana ....................................................................... Malmstrom Air Force Base ......................... ....................................... $19,700,000 
Nebraska ....................................................................... Offutt Air Force Base ........................... ............................................. $21,000,000 
Nevada ......................................................................... Nellis Air Force Base ........................... .............................................. $68,950,000 
New Mexico ................................................................... Cannon Air Force Base ............................. ........................................ $7,800,000 
Holloman Air Force Base ................................................................... $6,200,000 
Kirtland Air Force Base .................................................................... $12,800,000 
New York ...................................................................... Fort Drum ........................................ ................................................ $6,000,000 
North Carolina .............................................................. Seymour Johnson Air Force Base ..................... .................................. $17,100,000 
Oklahoma ..................................................................... Altus Air Force Base .............................. ........................................... $28,400,000 
Tinker Air Force Base ....................................................................... $49,900,000 
South Dakota ................................................................ Ellsworth Air Force Base ........................... ........................................ $23,000,000 
Texas ............................................................................ Joint Base San Antonio ........................ ............................................. $106,000,000 
Utah ............................................................................. Hill Air Force Base ........................... ................................................ $38,400,000 
Wyoming ....................................................................... F. E. Warren Air Force Base ...................... ....................................... $95,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tion or location outside the United States, and 
in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Greenland ..................................................................... Thule Air Base ................................... .............................................. $41,965,000 
Guam ............................................................................ Joint Region Marianas .......................... ............................................ $50,800,000 
Japan ........................................................................... Kadena Air Base ................................ ............................................... $3,000,000 
Yokota Air Base ............................................................................... $8,461,000 
Niger ............................................................................. Agadez ....................................... ...................................................... $50,000,000 
Oman ............................................................................ Al Musannah Air Base ........................... ........................................... $25,000,000 
United Kingdom ............................................................ Royal Air Force Croughton ............................ ................................... $130,615,000 
SEC. 2302. FAMILY HOUSING. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family hous-ing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $9,849,000. 
SEC. 2303. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY 
HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $150,649,000. 
SEC. 2304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
AIR FORCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, 
United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2301 of this Act may not exceed the sum of the following: 
(1) The total amount authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(2) $21,000,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2301(a) of the Military Construction Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 992) for the CYBERCOM Joint Operations Center at Fort Meade, Maryland). 
SEC. 2305. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2010 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (division B of Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2636), for Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii, for con-struction of a ground control tower at the in-stallation, the Secretary of the Air Force may install communications cabling. 
SEC. 2306. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 993) for RAF Lakenheath, United Kingdom, for con-struction of a Guardian Angel Operations Facil-ity at the installation, the Secretary of the Air 
Force may construct the facility at an unspec-ified worldwide location. 
SEC. 2307. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3679) for McConnell Air Force Base, Kansas, for con-struction of a KC–46A Alter Composite Mainte-nance Shop at the installation, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a 696 square meter (7,500 square foot) facility consistent with Air Force guidelines for composite maintenance shops. 
SEC. 2308. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2301 of that Act (125 Stat. 1670), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4451 June 22, 2015 
Air Force: Extension of 2012 Project Authorization 
Country Installation or 
Location Project Amount 
Italy ......................................... Sigonella Naval Air Station ................................. UAS SATCOM Relay Pads  and Facility ...... $15,000,000 
SEC. 2309. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2301 of that Act (126 Stat. 2126), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Air Force: Extension of 2013Project Authorization 
Country Installation or 
Location Project Amount 
Portugal ................................... Lajes Field ......................................................... Sanitary Sewer L ift/Pump Station ............... $2,000,000 
TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2401. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and 
available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and 
in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
Alabama ................................................ Fort Rucker ............................................................. .................................................... $46,787,000 
Maxwell Air Force Base ................................................................................................ $32,968,0 00 
Arizona ................................................. Fort Huachuca .......................................................... ................................................... $3,884,000 
California .............................................. Camp Pendleton ......................................................... .................................................. $20,552,000 
Coronado ..................................................................................................................... $4 7,218,000 
Fresno Yosemite IAP ANG ............................................................................................ $10,700,000 
Colorado ............................................... Fort Carson ............................................................. .................................................... $8,243,000 
CONUS Classified ................................... Classified Location ......................................................... .............................................. $20,065,000 
Delaware ................................................ Dover Air Force Base ................................................... ................................................. $21,600,000 
Florida ................................................... Hurlburt Field ....................................................... ....................................................... $17,989,000 
MacDill Air Force Base ................................................................................................ $39,142,0 00 
Georgia .................................................. Moody Air Force Base .................................................. ................................................ $10,900,000 
Hawaii ................................................... Kaneohe Bay ........................................................... .................................................... $122,071,000 
Schofield Barracks ....................................................................................................... $123,8 38,000 
Kentucky .............................................. Fort Campbell ............................................................ .................................................. $12,553,000 
Fort Knox .................................................................................................................... $2 3,279,000 
Maryland .............................................. Fort Meade ............................................................... ................................................... $816,077,000 
Nevada .................................................. Nellis Air Force Base .................................................. .................................................. $39,900,000 
New Mexico ........................................... Cannon Air Force Base ..................................................... ............................................ $45,111,000 
New York ............................................... West Point .............................................................. ..................................................... $55,778,000 
North Carolina ...................................... Camp Lejeune ............................................................... ............................................... $69,006,000 
Fort Bragg ................................................................................................................... $1 68,811,000 
Ohio ...................................................... Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ...................................... ............................................. $6,623,000 
Oregon ................................................... Klamath Falls IAP ..................................................... .................................................. $2,500,000 
South Carolina ...................................... Fort Jackson ............................................................... ................................................. $26,157,000 
Texas ..................................................... Joint Base San Antonio ............................................... ................................................. $61,776,000 
Virginia ................................................ Fort Belvoir ........................................................... ...................................................... $9,500,000 
Joint Base Langley-Eustis ............................................................................................. $28,000,0 00 
Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Story .................................................................. $23,916,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations outside the United States, and 
in the amounts, set forth in the following: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Djibouti ......................................... Camp Lemonier ................................................................. .............................................. $43,700,000 
Germany ......................................... Garmisch ....................................................................... ................................................. $14,676,000 
Grafenwoehr ................................................................................................................... $ 38,138,000 
Spangdahlem Air Base .................................................................................................... $39,571 ,000 
Stuttgart-Patch Barracks ................................................................................................ $49,413 ,000 
Japan ............................................ Kadena Air Base ............................................................... .............................................. $37,485,000 
Poland ............................................ RedziKowo Base ............................................................... .............................................. $169,153,000 
Spain .............................................. Rota ........................................................................ ....................................................... $13,737,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4452 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 2402. AUTHORIZED ENERGY CONSERVATION 
PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-
ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects inside 
the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States 
Code, for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Energy Conservation Projects: Inside the United States 
State Installation or Location Amount 
American Samoa ..................................... Wake Island ................................................................. ................................................ $5,331,000 
Edwards Air Force Base ............................................................................................... $4,550,000  
Fort Hunter Liggett ...................................................................................................... $22,00 0,000 
Colorado ............................................... Schriever Air Force Base ................................................ ............................................... $4,400,000 
District of Columbia ................................ NSA Washington/NRL ......................................................... ......................................... $10,990,000 
Guam .................................................... Naval Base Guam ........................................................ ................................................. $5,330,000 
Hawaii ................................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam ........................................ ........................................... $13,780,000 
Marine Corps Recruiting Command Kaneohe Bay .......................................................... $5,740,000 
Idaho ..................................................... Moutain Home Air Force Base .......................................... ............................................ $6,471,000 
Montana ................................................ Malmstrom Air Force Base ................................................ ............................................ $4,260,000 
Virginia ................................................. Pentagon .............................................................. ....................................................... $4,528,000 
Washington ............................................ Joint Base Lewis-McChord ................................................. ........................................... $14,770,000 
Various locations .................................... Various locations ......................................................... ................................................ $25,809,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-
ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, for the installations or locations 
outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Energy Conservation Projects: Outside the United States 
Country Installation or Location Amount 
Bahamas ........................................ Ascension Aux Airfield St. Helena ............................................... .................................... $5,500,000 
Japan ............................................. Yokoska ...................................................................... ................................................... $12,940,000 
Various locations ............................. Various locations ................................................................ ............................................ $3,600,000 
SEC. 2403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
DEFENSE AGENCIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-
ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the sum of the following: 
(1) The total amount authorized to be appro-
priated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
(2) $747,435,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2401(a) of this Act for an operations facility at Fort Meade, Maryland). 
(3) $20,800,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2401(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2129) for the Aegis Ashore Missile Defense Sys-tem Complex at Deveselu, Romania). 
(4) $141,039,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2401(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1672), as amended by section 2404(a) of the Mili-tary Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2013 (division B Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2131), for a data center at Fort Meade, Maryland). 
(5) $50,500,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2401(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1672) for an Ambulatory Care Center at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland). 
(6) $54,300,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2401(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1672) for an Ambulatory Care Center at Joint Base San Antonio, Texas). 
(7) $441,134,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2401(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1673) for a hospital at the Rhine Ordnance Bar-racks, Germany). 
(8) $41,441,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized under section 2401(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (division B of Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2640) for a hospital at Fort Bliss, Texas). 
(9) $123,827,000 (the balance of the amount au-
thorized as a Military Construction, Defense- Wide project by title X of the Supplemental Ap-propriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–32; 123 Stat. 1888) for a data center at Camp Williams, Utah). SEC. 2404. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization in the table in 
section 2401(a) of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1672), as amend-ed by section 2404(a) of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (di-vision B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2131), for Fort Meade, Maryland, for construction of the High Performance Computing Center at the installation, the Secretary of Defense may con-struct a generator plant capable of producing up to 60 megawatts of back-up electrical power in support of the 60 megawatt technical load. 
SEC. 2405. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (125 Stat. 1672) and as amended by section 2405 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3685), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2012 Project Authorizations 
State Installation or 
Location Project Amount 
California ................................. Naval Base Coronado .......................................... SOF Support Activity Op erations Facility ... $38,800,000 
Virginia .................................... Pentagon Reservation ......................................... Heliport Control Tower  and Fire Station ..... $6,457,000 
Pedestrian Plaza ........................................ $2,285,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4453 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 2406. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (126 Stat. 2127), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Defense Agencies: Extension of 2013 Project Authorizations 
State/Country Installation or 
Location Project Amount 
California ................................. Naval Base Coronado .......................................... SOF Mobile Communicatio ns Detachment 
Support Facility ...................................... $9,327,000 
Colorado ................................... Pikes Peak .......................................................... High Altitude Me dical Research Center ....... $3,600,000 
Germany .................................. Ramstein AB ...................................................... Replace Vogelweh Elem entary School .......... $61,415,000 
Hawaii ..................................... Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .......................... SOF SDVT–1 Waterfront Operat ions Facil-
ity .......................................................... $22,384,000 
Japan ....................................... CFAS Sasebo ...................................................... Replace Sasebo Ele mentary School .............. $35,733,000 
Camp Zama ........................................................ Renovate Zama High School ....................... $13,273,000 
Pennsylvania ............................ DEF Distribution Depot New Cumberland ............ Replace reservoir ..................... ................... $4,300,000 
United Kingdom ........................ RAF Feltwell ...................................................... Feltwell Elementary Sch ool Addition ........... $30,811,000 
SEC. 2407. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF 
AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in 
the table in section 2401(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 995) for Fort Knox, Kentucky, for construction of an Ambulatory Care Center at that location, subse-quently cancelled by the Department of Defense, substitute authorization is provided for a 102,000-square foot Medical Clinic Replacement at that location in the amount of $80,000,000, using appropriations available for the original project pursuant to the authorization of appro-priations in section 2403 of such Act (127 Stat. 997). This substitute authorization shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-tary construction for fiscal year 2019. TITLE XXV—NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY 
ORGANIZATION SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM 
SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION 
AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make contribu-
tions for the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount au-thorized to be appropriated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a result of construction previously financed by the United States. 
SEC. 2502. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NATO. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for contributions by the Sec-retary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, for the share of the United 
States of the cost of projects for the North At-lantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE 
FORCES FACILITIES 
Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and 
Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 2601. AUTHORIZED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army National Guard 
State Location Amount 
Alabama .............................................. Camp Foley ................................................................ .................................................. $4,500,000 
Connecticut .......................................... Camp Hartell .............................................................. .................................................. $11,000,000 
Florida ................................................. Palm Coast ............................................................. ...................................................... $18,000,000 
Georgia ................................................ Fort Stewart ............................................................ ..................................................... $6,800,000 
Illinois ................................................. Sparta ................................................................ .......................................................... $1,900,000 
Kansas ................................................. Salina .................................................................. ........................................................ $6,700,000 
Maryland ............................................. Easton .................................................................... ...................................................... $13,800,000 
Mississippi ........................................... Gulfport ................................................................. ...................................................... $40,000,000 
Nevada ................................................ Reno ..................................................................... ....................................................... $8,000,000 
Ohio .................................................... Camp Ravenna ........................................................... .................................................. $3,300,000 
Oregon ................................................. Salem ................................................................... ........................................................ $16,500,000 
Pennsylvania ....................................... Fort Indiantown Gap ......................................................... ........................................... $16,000,000 
Vermont ............................................... North Hyde Park .......................................................... ................................................ $7,900,000 
Virginia ............................................... Richmond ................................................................ ..................................................... $29,000,000 
SEC. 2602. AUTHORIZED ARMY RESERVE CON-
STRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2606 and 
available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction 
projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army Reserve: Inside the United States 
State Location Amount 
California ............................................................. Miramar ................................................. ...................................................... $24,000,000 
Florida ................................................................. MacDill Air Force Base ................................. ................................................ $55,000,000 
New York ............................................................. Orangeburg ................................................ .................................................. $4,200,000 
Pennsylvania ....................................................... Conneaut Lake ............................................... .............................................. $5,000,000 
Virginia ............................................................... A.P. Hill ............................................... ........................................................ $24,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using 
amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, 
the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out a military construction project for the Army Reserve location outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth 
in the following table: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4454 June 22, 2015 
Army Reserve: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Puerto Rico .......................................................... Fort Buchanan ............................................. ................................................ $10,200,000 
SEC. 2603. AUTHORIZED NAVY RESERVE AND MA-
RINE CORPS RESERVE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-
serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve locations inside the United States, and 
in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve 
State Location Amount 
Nevada ................................................................. Fallon .................................................. ........................................................ $11,408,000 
New York ............................................................. Brooklyn .................................................. .................................................... $2,479,000 
Virginia ............................................................... Dam Neck ................................................ ..................................................... $18,443,000 
SEC. 2604. AUTHORIZED AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-
serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construc-tion projects for the Air National Guard loca-
tions inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air National Guard 
State Location Amount 
Alabama ............................................................... Dannelly Field ........................................... .................................................. $7,600,000 
California ............................................................. Moffett Field ........................................... ..................................................... $6,500,000 
Colorado .............................................................. Buckley Air Force Base ................................... .............................................. $5,100,000 
Connecticut .......................................................... Bradley ................................................... ..................................................... $6,300,000 
Florida ................................................................. Cape Canaveral ......................................... ................................................... $6,100,000 
Georgia ................................................................ Savannah/Hilton Head IAP ................................ ........................................... $9,000,000 
Hawaii ................................................................. Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .......................... .......................................... $9,700,000 
Iowa .................................................................... Des Moines Map ......................................... .................................................. $6,700,000 
Kansas ................................................................. Smokey Hill ANG Range ................................... ............................................ $2,900,000 
Louisiana ............................................................. New Orleans .............................................. ................................................... $10,000,000 
Maine .................................................................. Bangor IAP .............................................. .................................................... $7,200,000 
New Hampshire .................................................... Pease International Tradeport ................................. ...................................... $4,300,000 
New Jersey ........................................................... Atlantic City IAP ......................................... ................................................ $10,200,000 
New York ............................................................. Niagara Falls IAP ......................................... ............................................... $7,700,000 
North Carolina ..................................................... Charlotte/Douglas IAP ....................................... ........................................... $9,000,000 
North Dakota ....................................................... Hector IAP .................................................. ................................................. $7,300,000 
Oklahoma ............................................................ Will Rogers World Airport .................................. ........................................... $7,600,000 
Oregon ................................................................. Klamath Falls IAP ....................................... ................................................. $7,200,000 
West Virginia ....................................................... Yeager Airport ............................................. ................................................. $3,900,000 
SEC. 2605. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE RESERVE 
CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the 
authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-
serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construc-tion projects for the Air Force Reserve locations 
inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force Reserve 
State Location Amount 
California ............................................................ March Air Force Base ..................................... .............................................. $4,600,000 
Florida ................................................................. Patrick Air Force Base ................................. ................................................. $3,400,000 
Georgia ................................................................ Dobbins Air Reserve Base ................................ .............................................. $10,400,000 
Ohio .................................................................... Youngstown ............................................. .................................................... $9,400,000 
Texas ................................................................... Joint Base San Antonio ................................. ................................................ $9,900,000 
SEC. 2606. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for the costs of acquisition, ar-chitectural and engineering services, and con-struction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions therefor, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (in-cluding the cost of acquisition of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Others Matters 
SEC. 2611. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF 
AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
(a) M ODIFICATION .—In the case of the author-
ization contained in the table in section 2602 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112– 239; 126 Stat. 2135) for Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, for construction of an Army Reserve Center at that location, the Secretary of the Army may construct a new facility in the vi-cinity of Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland. 
(b) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .—Notwith-
standing section 2002 of the Military Construc-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Pub-lic Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authoriza-tion set forth in subsection (a) shall remain in 
effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-tary construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
SEC. 2612. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO 
CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) D AVIS-MONTHAN AFB.—In the case of the 
authorization contained in the table in section 2605 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3689) for Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona, for construction of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4455 June 22, 2015 
Guardian Angel Operations facility at that loca-
tion, the Secretary of the Air Force may con-struct a new 5,913 square meter (63,647 square 
foot) facility in the amount of $18,200,000. 
(b) F
ORTSMITH.—In the case of the author-
ization contained in the table in section 2604 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3689) for Fort Smith Municipal Airport, Arkansas, for construction of a consoli-dated Secure Compartmented Information Facil-ity at that location, the Secretary of the Air 
Force may construct a new facility in the amount of $15,200,000. 
SEC. 2613. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2012 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (division B of Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1660), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2602 of that Act (125 Stat. 1678), and 
extended by section 2611 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3690, 3691), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Extension of 2012 National Guard and Reserve Project Authorization 
State Location Project Amount 
Kansas ..................................... Kansas City ........................................................ Army Reserve Cent er .................................. $13,000,000 
Massachusetts .......................... Attleboro ............................................................ Army Reserve Center .................................. $22,000,000 
SEC. 2614. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF 
CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
112–239; 126 Stat. 2118), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sections 2601, 2602, and 2603 of that Act (126 Stat. 2134, 2135) shall remain in effect until Oc-tober 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an 
Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
(b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection 
(a) is as follows: 
Extension of 2013 National Guard and Reserve Project Authorization 
State Location Project Amount 
Arizona .................................... Yuma ................................................................. Reserve Trainin g Facility—Yuma ............... $5,379,000 
California ................................. Tustin ................................................................ Army Reserve C enter .................................. $27,000,000 
Iowa ........................................ Fort Des Moines ................................................. Joint Reserve Cente r—Des Moines ............... $19,162,000 
Louisiana ................................. New Orleans ....................................................... Transient Quarters . ................................... $7,187,000 
New York ................................. Camp Smith (Stormville) ...................................... Combined Support Maintena nce Shop Phase 
1 ............................................................ $24,000,000 
TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND 
CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-SURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2015, for base realignment and closure activities, including real property acquisition and military construction projects, as author-ized by the Defense Base Closure and Realign-ment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Clo-sure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by section 2711 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in sec-
tion 4601. 
SEC. 2702. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCTING ADDI-
TIONAL BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE (BRAC) ROUND. 
Nothing in the Act shall be construed to au-
thorize an additional round of defense base clo-sure and realignment. 
TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Subtitle A—Military Construction Program 
and Military Family Housing Changes 
SEC. 2801. AUTHORITY FOR ACCEPTANCE AND 
USE OF CONTRIBUTIONS FOR CER-TAIN MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL PROJECTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Subchapter II of chapter 138 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2350n. Construction, maintenance, and re-
pair projects mutually beneficial to the De-partment of Defense and armed forces of a partner nation 
‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY TOACCEPT CONTRIBUTIONS .— 
The Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the Secretary of State, may accept cash contributions from any partner nation for the purposes specified in subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) A
CCOUNTING .—Contributions accepted 
under subsection (a) shall be placed in an ac-count established by the Secretary of Defense 
and shall remain available until expended for the purposes specified in subsection (c). 
‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF CONTRIBUTIONS .—Con-
tributions accepted under subsection (a) shall be available only for payment of costs in connec-tion with mutually beneficial construction (in-cluding military construction not otherwise au-thorized by law), maintenance, and repair projects. 
‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF CONTRIBUTIONS  
TOOFFSET BURDEN SHARING CONTRIBUTIONS  
REQUIRED OF PARTNER NATIONS .—Contributions 
accepted under subsection (a) may not be used to offset burden sharing contributions that are otherwise required to be provided by partner na-tions. 
‘‘(e) M
UTUALLY BENEFICIAL DEFINED .—A 
project shall be considered to be ‘mutually bene-ficial’ for purposes of this section if— 
‘‘(1) the project is in support of a bilateral de-
fense cooperation agreement between the United States and a partner nation; or 
‘‘(2) the Secretary of Defense determines that 
the United States may derive a benefit from the project, including— 
‘‘(A) access to and use of facilities of the 
armed forces of a partner nation; 
‘‘(B) ability or capacity for future force pos-
ture; and 
‘‘(C) increased interoperability between the 
Department of Defense and the armed forces of a partner nation.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘2350n. Construction, maintenance, and repair 
projects mutually beneficial to the Department of Defense and armed forces of a partner nation.’’. 
SEC. 2802. CHANGE IN AUTHORITIES RELATING 
TO SCOPE OF WORK VARIATIONS FOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
(a) L IMITED AUTHORITY FOR SCOPE OF WORK 
INCREASE .—Section 2853 of title 10, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘The scope 
of work’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (d), the scope of work’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as 
subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(d) The limitation in subsection (b)(2) on an 
increase in the scope of work does not apply if— 
‘‘(1) the increase in the scope of work is not 
more than 10 percent of the amount specified for that project, construction, improvement, or ac-quisition in the justification data provided to Congress as part of the request for authoriza-tion of the project, construction, improvement, or acquisition; 
‘‘(2) the increase is approved by the Secretary 
concerned; 
‘‘(3) the Secretary concerned notifies the con-
gressional defense committees in writing of the increase in scope and the reasons therefor; and 
‘‘(4) a period of 21 days has elapsed after the 
date on which the notification is received by the committees or, if over sooner, a period of 14 days has elapsed after the date on which a copy of the notification is provided in an electronic me-dium pursuant to section 480 of this title.’’. 
(b) C
ROSS-REFERENCE AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Subsection (a) of such section is amended 
by striking ‘‘subsection (c) or (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c), (d), or (e)’’. 
(2) Subsection (f) of such section, as redesig-
nated by subsection (a)(2), is amended by strik-ing ‘‘through (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (e)’’. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .— 
Subsection (a) of such section is further amend-ed by inserting ‘‘of this title’’ after ‘‘section 2805(a)’’. 
SEC. 2803. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY, LIMITED 
AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDS FOR CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (h) 
of section 2808 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (division B of Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1723), as most recently amended by section 2806 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3699), is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 
31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4456 June 22, 2015 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’. 
(b) L IMITATION ON USE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub-
section (c)(1) of such section is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2014’’ and inserting 
‘‘October 1, 2015’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘December 31, 2016’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting 
‘‘fiscal year 2017’’. 
(c) E LIMINATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Such section is further amended by 
striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 2804. MODIFICATION OF REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENT ON IN-KIND CONSTRUC-TION AND RENOVATION PAYMENTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 
2016, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the congressional defense committees a report on in-kind construction and renovation payments received during the pre-ceding fiscal year. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required under 
paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(A) A listing of each facility constructed or 
renovated for the Department of Defense as payment in-kind. 
(B) An estimate of the value in United States 
dollars of that construction or renovation. 
(C) A description of the source of the in-kind 
payment. 
(D) A description of the agreement pursuant 
to which the in-kind payment was made. 
(E) A description of the purpose and need for 
the construction or renovation. 
(b) R
EPEAL OF EXISTING REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 2805 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2149) is repealed. 
SEC. 2805. LAB MODERNIZATION PILOT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOUSERESEARCH , DEVELOP -
MENT , TEST, ANDEVALUATION FUNDS.—The Sec-
retary of Defense may fund military construc-tion projects at the Department of Defense science and technology reinvention laboratories (as designated by section 1105(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)), using amounts appropriated or otherwise made avail-able to the Department of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS .—Amounts made available 
pursuant to subsection (a) may be used for the purpose of funding major military construction projects that meet the following conditions: 
(1) Projects are subject to the requirements of 
section 2802 of title 10, United States Code. 
(2) Projects are included in the budget sub-
mitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code. 
(3) Funds are specifically appropriated for the 
projects. 
(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall cer-
tify, as part of the budget submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, that military construction projects proposed pursuant to subsection (a)— 
(1) will support the research and development 
activities at Department of Defense science and technology reinvention laboratories (as des-ignated by section 1105(a) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)) of more than one military department or Defense Agency or a technology development program that is consistent with the fielding of offset technologies as described in section 212; 
(2) have been endorsed for funding by more 
than one military department or Defense Agen-cy; 
(3) will establish facilities that will have sig-
nificant potential for use by entities outside the Department of Defense, including universities, industrial partners, and other Federal agencies; and (4) cannot be fully funded under the thresh-
olds specified by section 2805 of title 10, United States Code. 
(d) F
UNDS.—Amounts used for the pilot pro-
gram established under this section may not ex-ceed $100,000,000 for any fiscal year. 
(e) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The author-
ity provided under this section terminates on October 1, 2020. 
SEC. 2806. CONVEYANCE TO INDIAN TRIBES OF 
CERTAIN HOUSING UNITS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) E XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Execu-
tive Director’’ means the Executive Director of Walking Shield, Inc. 
(2) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ 
means any Indian tribe included on the list pub-lished by the Secretary of the Interior under sec-tion 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C.479a–1). 
(b) R
EQUESTS FOR CONVEYANCE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Executive Director may 
submit to the Secretary of the military depart-ment concerned, on behalf of any Indian tribe, a request for conveyance of any relocatable mili-tary housing unit located at a military installa-tion in the United States. 
(2) C
ONFLICTS .—The Executive Director shall 
resolve any conflict among requests of Indian tribes for housing units described in paragraph (1) before submitting a request to the Secretary of the military department concerned under this subsection. 
(c) C
ONVEYANCE BY A SECRETARY .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, on receipt of a request under subsection (b)(1), the Sec-retary of the military department concerned may convey to the Indian tribe that is the sub-ject of the request, at no cost to such military department and without consideration, any relocatable military housing unit described in subsection (b)(1) that, as determined by such Secretary, is in excess of the needs of the mili-tary. 
Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities 
Administration 
SEC. 2811. UTILITY SYSTEM CONVEYANCE AU-
THORITY. 
Section 2688(j) of title 10, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘CONSTRUCTION OF ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONVEY -
ANCE OF ADDITIONAL ’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (C); (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(D) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; 
(C) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated by 
subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, by striking ‘‘utility system;’’ and inserting ‘‘, or operating the additional utility infrastructure would be in the best interest of the government using a busi-ness case analysis similar to the analysis re-quired under subsection (d)(2); and’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘amount equal to the fair market value of’’ and inserting ‘‘amount for’’. 
SEC. 2812. LEASING OF NON-EXCESS PROPERTY 
OF MILITARY DEPARTMENTS AND DEFENSE AGENCIES; TREATMENT OF VALUE PROVIDED BY LOCAL EDU-CATION AGENCIES AND ELEMEN-TARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS. 
Section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(k) L
EASES FOR EDUCATION .—Notwith-
standing subsection (b)(4), the Secretary con-cerned may accept consideration in an amount that is less than the fair market value of the lease, if the lease is to a local education agency or an elementary or secondary school (as those terms are defined in section 9101 of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)).’’. 
SEC. 2813. MODIFICATION OF FACILITY REPAIR 
NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT. 
Section 2811 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended— (1) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘or 75 per-
cent of the estimated cost of a military construc-tion project to replace the facility, or the facility is located at an overseas location that has not been designated a main operating base or for-ward operating site’’ after ‘‘in excess of $7,500,000’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-
section (f); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(e) N
OTIFICATION THRESHOLD .—The congres-
sional notification requirement under subsection (d) does not apply to a repair project costing less than $1,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 2814. INCREASE OF THRESHOLD OF NOTICE 
AND WAIT REQUIREMENT FOR CER-TAIN FACILITIES FOR RESERVE COM-PONENTS AND PARITY WITH AU-THORITY FOR UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND RE-PAIR PROJECTS. 
(a) N OTICE AND WAITREQUIREMENT .—Sub-
section (a) of section 18233a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$750,000’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount specified in section 2805(b)(1) of this title’’. 
(b) R
EPAIR PROJECTS .—Subsection (b)(3) of 
such section is amended by striking ‘‘$7,500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount specified in section 2811(b) of this title’’. 
SEC. 2815. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COORDINA-
TION OF HUNTING, FISHING, AND OTHER RECREATIONAL ACTIVITIES ON MILITARY LAND. 
It is the sense of Congress that, in situations 
where military lands are open to public access for hunting, fishing, and other recreational ac-tivities, the Department of Defense should seek to ensure that coordination with State fish and wildlife managers, tribes, and local governments occurs sufficiently in advance of traditional hunting, fishing, and recreational use seasons to facilitate communication with hunting, fish-ing, and recreational user groups. 
SEC. 2816. EXEMPTION OF ARMY OFF-SITE USE 
AND OFF-SITE REMOVAL ONLY NON- MOBILE PROPERTIES FROM CERTAIN EXCESS PROPERTY DISPOSAL RE-QUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Excess or unutilized or un-
derutilized non-mobile property of the Army that is situated on non-excess land shall be ex-empt from the requirements of title V of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.) upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army that— 
(1) the property is not feasible to relocate; (2) the property is located in an area to which 
the general public is denied access in the inter-est of national security; and 
(3) the exemption would facilitate the efficient 
disposal of excess property or result in more effi-cient real property management. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—Before making an initial 
determination under the authority provided under subsection (a), and periodically there-after, the Secretary of the Army shall consult with the Executive Director of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness on types of non-mobile properties that may be feasible for relocation and suitable to assist the homeless. 
(c) S
UNSET .—The authority under subsection 
(a) shall expire on September 30, 2017. 
Subtitle C—Land Conveyances 
SEC. 2821. RELEASE OF REVERSIONARY INTEREST 
RETAINED AS PART OF CONVEYANCE TO THE ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ALLIANCE OF JEFFERSON COUNTY, ARKANSAS. 
(a) R ELEASE OF CONDITIONS AND RETAINED IN-
TERESTS .—With respect to a parcel of real prop-
erty in Jefferson County, Arkansas, consisting of approximately 1,447 acres and conveyed by deed to the Economic Development Alliance of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4457 June 22, 2015 
Jefferson County, Arkansas (in this section re-
ferred to as the ‘‘Economic Development Alli-ance’’) by the United States for use as the facil-ity known as the ‘‘Bioplex’’ and related activi-ties pursuant to section 2827 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (Public Law 104–201), the Secretary of the Army may release subject to the conditions of sub-sections (b) and (d) below, the conditions of con-veyance of subsection (c) of such section 2827 and the reversionary interest retained by the United States under subsection (e) of such sec-tion. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION .— 
(1) E FFECT OF RECONVEYANCE .—Notwith-
standing subsection (d) of such section 2827, the release authorized by subsection (a) of this sec-tion shall be subject to the condition that, if the Economic Development Alliance reconveys all or any part of the conveyed property during the 25-year period referred to in subsection (c)(2) of such section, the Economic Development Alli-ance shall pay to the United States, upon re-conveyance, an amount equal to the fair market value of the reconveyed property as of the time of the reconveyance, excluding the value of any improvements made to the property by the Eco-nomic Development Alliance. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION OF FAIR MARKET VALUE .— 
The Secretary of the Army shall determine fair market value in accordance with Federal ap-praisal standards and procedures. 
(3) T
REATMENT OF LEASES .—The Secretary of 
the Army may treat a lease of the property with-in such 25-year period as a reconveyance if the Secretary determines that the lease is being used to avoid application of paragraph (1). 
(4) D
EPOSIT OF PROCEEDS .—The Secretary of 
the Army shall deposit any proceeds received under this subsection in the special account es-tablished pursuant to section 572(b) of title 40, United States Code. 
(c) I
NSTRUMENT OF RELEASE .—The Secretary 
of the Army may execute and file in the appro-priate office a deed of release, amended deed, or other appropriate instrument reflecting the re-lease of conditions and retained interests under subsection (a). 
(d) P
AYMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the 
Army shall require the Economic Development Alliance to cover costs to be incurred by the Sec-retary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the re-lease of conditions and retained interests under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs re-lated to environmental documentation, and other administrative costs related to the release. If amounts paid to the Secretary in advance ex-ceed the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release, the Secretary shall re-fund the excess amount to the Economic Devel-opment Alliance. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reim-bursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the release. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same pur-poses, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or ac-count. 
(e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The 
Secretary of the Army may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with the release of conditions and retained interests under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States, including provisions that the Secretary determines are necessary to preclude any use of the property that would interfere with activities at Pine Bluff Arsenal. SEC. 2822. LAND EXCHANGE, NAVY OUTLYING 
LANDING FIELD, NAVAL AIR STA-TION, WHITING FIELD, FLORIDA. 
(a) L AND EXCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-
retary of the Navy may convey to Escambia County, Florida (in this section referred to as the ‘‘County’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including any improvements thereon, containing Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 in Escambia County associated with Naval Air Station, Whiting Field, Milton, Florida. 
(b) L
ANDTOBEACQUIRED .—In exchange for 
the property described in subsection (a), the County shall convey to the Secretary of the Navy land and improvements thereon in Santa Rosa County, Florida, that is acceptable to the Secretary and suitable for use as a Navy out-lying landing field to replace Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8. 
(c) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— 
(1) P AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the 
Navy shall require the County to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Sec-retary, to carry out the land exchange under this section, including survey costs, costs for en-vironmental documentation, other administra-tive costs related to the land exchange, and all costs associated with relocation of activities and facilities from Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 to the replacement location. If amounts are collected from the County in advance of the Sec-retary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the land ex-change, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the County. 
(2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— 
Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover those costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
(d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact 
acreage and legal description of the property to be exchanged under this section shall be deter-mined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. 
(e) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The exchange 
of real property under this section shall be ac-complished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy and the County, including such addi-tional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—National Security Programs 
Authorizations 
SEC. 3101. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-
ISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for the activities of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT 
PROJECTS .—From funds referred to in subsection 
(a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out the following new plant project for the National Nuclear Security Administration: 
Project 16–D–621, Substation Replacement at 
Technical Area 3, Los Alamos National Labora-tory, Los Alamos, New Mexico, $25,000,000. SEC. 3102. DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for defense environmental cleanup ac-tivities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3103. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-
priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, 
Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 3111. RESPONSIVE CAPABILITIES PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLII of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4220. RESPONSIVE CAPABILITIES PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
establish and carry out a program to exercise the technical capabilities of the Administration with respect to design and production of nuclear weapons to ensure that the Administration is ready to respond to future uncertainties not ad-dressed by existing life extension programs. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—The Administrator 
shall ensure that the program required by sub-section (a)— 
‘‘(1) is integrated across the science, engineer-
ing, design, and manufacturing cycle of the Ad-ministration; 
‘‘(2) results in— ‘‘(A) physics models of components and sys-
tems the understanding of which will ensure ex-isting models and experimental capabilities are robust, capable of being certified as safe and re-liable in the absence of testing, and contribute to the predictive design framework; 
‘‘(B) shortened engineering design cycles that 
minimize the amount of time leading to an engi-neering prototype; and 
‘‘(C) rapid manufacturing capabilities to re-
duce the time and cost of production; and 
‘‘(3) integrates physics, engineering, and pro-
duction capabilities into joint test assemblies and designs.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4219 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4220. Responsive capabilities program.’’. 
SEC. 3112. LONG-TERM PLAN FOR MEETING NA-
TIONAL SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR UNENCUMBERED URANIUM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLII of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521 et seq.), as amended by section 3111, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4221. LONG-TERM PLAN FOR MEETING NA-
TIONAL SECURITY REQUIREMENTS FOR UNENCUMBERED URANIUM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Concurrent with the sub-
mission to Congress of the budget of the Presi-dent under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, in each even-numbered year begin-ning in 2016, the Secretary of Energy shall sub-mit to the congressional defense committees a plan for meeting national security requirements for unencumbered uranium through 2065. 
‘‘(b) P
LANREQUIREMENTS .—The plan required 
by subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) An inventory of unencumbered uranium 
(other than depleted uranium), by program source and enrichment level, that, as of the date of the plan, is allocated to national security re-quirements. 
‘‘(2) An inventory of unencumbered uranium 
(other than depleted uranium), by program source and enrichment level, that, as of the date of the plan, is not allocated to national security requirements but could be allocated to such re-quirements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4458 June 22, 2015 
‘‘(3) An identification of national security re-
quirements for unencumbered uranium, by pro-gram source and enrichment level. 
‘‘(4) A description of any shortfall in obtain-
ing unencumbered uranium to meet national se-curity requirements and an assessment of whether that shortfall could be mitigated through the blending down of uranium that is of a higher enrichment level. 
‘‘(5) An inventory of unencumbered depleted 
uranium, an assessment of the portion of that uranium that could be allocated to national se-curity requirements through re-enrichment, and an estimate of the costs of re-enriching that ura-nium. 
‘‘(6) A description of the swap and barter 
agreements involving unencumbered uranium needed to meet national security requirements that are in effect on the date of the plan. 
‘‘(7) An assessment of whether additional en-
richment of uranium will be required to meet na-tional security requirements and an estimate of the time for production operations and the cost for each type of enrichment being considered. 
‘‘(8) A description of changes in policy that 
would mitigate any shortfall in obtaining unencumbered uranium to meet national secu-rity requirements and the implications of those changes. 
‘‘(c) F
ORM OF PLAN.—The plan required by 
subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘depleted’, with respect to ura-
nium, means that the uranium is depleted in uranium-235 compared with natural uranium. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘unencumbered’, with respect to 
uranium, means that the United States has no obligation to foreign governments to use the uranium for only peaceful purposes.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act, as amended by section 3111, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4220 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4221. Long-term plan for meeting national 
security requirements for unencumbered uranium.’’. 
SEC. 3113. DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERA-
TION MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XLIII of the Atomic 
Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2563 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4309. DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERA-
TION MANAGEMENT PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Concurrent with the sub-
mission to Congress of the budget of the Presi-dent under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, in each odd-numbered year begin-ning in 2017, the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a five-year management plan for activities associated with the defense nuclear nonproliferation programs of the Administration. 
‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include, with respect to each defense nuclear nonproliferation program of the Administration, the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the following: ‘‘(A) The policy context in which the program 
operates, including— 
‘‘(i) a list of relevant laws, policy directives 
issued by the President, and international agreements; and 
‘‘(ii) nuclear nonproliferation activities car-
ried out by other Federal agencies. 
‘‘(B) The objectives and priorities of the pro-
gram during the year preceding the submission of the plan required by subsection (a). 
‘‘(C) The activities carried out under the pro-
gram during that year. 
‘‘(D) The accomplishments and challenges of 
the program during that year. 
‘‘(2) Plans for activities of the program during 
the five-year period beginning on the date on which the plan required by subsection (a) is submitted, including activities with respect to 
the following: 
‘‘(A) Preventing nuclear and radiological pro-
liferation and terrorism, including through— 
‘‘(i) material management and minimization; ‘‘(ii) global nuclear material security; ‘‘(iii) nonproliferation and arms control; ‘‘(iv) defense nuclear research and develop-
ment; and 
‘‘(v) nonproliferation construction programs, 
including activities associated Department of Energy Order 413.1 (relating to program man-agement controls). 
‘‘(B) Countering nuclear and radiological pro-
liferation and terrorism. 
‘‘(C) Responding to nuclear and radiological 
proliferation and terrorism, including through— 
‘‘(i) crisis operations; ‘‘(ii) consequences management; and ‘‘(iii) emergency management, including inter-
national capacity building. 
‘‘(3) A threat analysis in support of the plans 
described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) A plan for funding the program during 
the five-year period beginning on the date on which the plan required by subsection (a) is submitted. 
‘‘(5) A description of funds for the program re-
ceived through contributions from or cost-shar-ing agreements with foreign governments con-sistent section 3132(f) of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2569(f)). 
‘‘(6) Such other matters as the Administrator 
considers appropriate. 
‘‘(c) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The plan required by 
subsection (a) may be submitted to the congres-sional defense committees in classified form if necessary.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4308 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4309. Defense nuclear nonproliferation 
management plan.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING REPEALS .— 
(1) Section 3122 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1710) is amended— 
(A) by striking subsections (a) and (b); (B) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), and 
(e) as subsections (a), (b), and (c), respectively; and 
(C) in paragraph (2) of subsection (b), as re-
designated by subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(2)’’. 
(2) Section 3145 of the National Defense Au-
thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2197) is repealed. 
SEC. 3114. PLAN FOR DEACTIVATION AND DECOM-
MISSIONING OF NONOPERATIONAL DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title XLIV of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2602 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4423. PLAN FOR DEACTIVATION AND DE-
COMMISSIONING OF NON-OPERATIONAL DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—During each even-num-
bered year beginning in 2016, the Secretary of Energy shall develop a plan to provide guidance for the activities of the Department of Energy relating to the deactivation and decommis-sioning of nonoperational defense nuclear facili-ties. 
‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A list of nonoperational defense nuclear 
facilities, prioritized for deactivation and de-commissioning based on the potential to reduce risks to human health, property, or the environ-ment and to maximize cost savings. 
‘‘(2) An assessment of the life cycle costs of 
each nonoperational defense nuclear facility during the period beginning on the date on which the plan is submitted under subsection (c) 
and ending on the earlier of— 
‘‘(A) the date that is 25 years after the date on 
which the plan is submitted; or 
‘‘(B) the estimated date for deactivation and 
decommissioning of the facility. 
‘‘(3) An estimate of the cost and time needed 
to deactivate and decommission each non-operational defense nuclear facility, if avail-able. 
‘‘(4) An estimate of the time at which the Of-
fice of Environmental Management anticipates accepting nonoperational defense nuclear facili-ties for deactivation and decommissioning. 
‘‘(5) An estimate of costs that could be avoided 
by— 
‘‘(A) accelerating the cleanup of non-
operational defense nuclear facilities; or 
‘‘(B) other means, such as reusing such facili-
ties for another purpose. 
‘‘(c) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later 
than March 31 of each even-numbered year be-ginning in 2016, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— 
‘‘(1) the plan required by subsection (a); ‘‘(2) a description of the deactivation and de-
commissioning actions expected to be taken dur-ing the following fiscal year pursuant to the plan; and 
‘‘(3) in the case of a report submitted during 
2018 or any year thereafter, a description of the deactivation and decommissioning actions taken at each nonoperational defense nuclear facility during the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(d) T
ERMINATION .—The requirements of this 
section shall terminate after the submission to the congressional defense committees of the re-port required by subsection (c) to be submitted not later than March 31, 2026. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘life cycle costs’, with respect to 
a facility, means— 
‘‘(A) the present and future costs of all re-
sources and associated cost elements required to develop, produce, deploy, or sustain the facility; and 
‘‘(B) the present and future costs to deacti-
vate, decommission, and deconstruct the facil-ity. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘nonoperational defense nuclear 
facility’ means a production facility or utiliza-tion facility (as those terms are defined in sec-tion 11 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2014)) under the control or jurisdiction of the Secretary of Energy and operated for na-tional security purposes that is no longer needed for the mission of the Department of Energy, in-cluding the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4422 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4423. Plan for deactivation and decom-
missioning of nonoperational de-fense nuclear facilities.’’. 
SEC. 3115. HANFORD WASTE TREATMENT AND IM-
MOBILIZATION PLANT CONTRACT OVERSIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title XLIV of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4446. HANFORD WASTE TREATMENT AND 
IMMOBILIZATION PLANT CONTRACT OVERSIGHT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, the Secretary of Energy shall arrange to have an owner’s agent assist the Secretary in car-rying out the oversight responsibilities of the Secretary with respect to the contract described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTRACT DESCRIBED .—The contract de-
scribed in this subsection is the contract be-tween the Office of River Protection of the De-partment of Energy and Bechtel National, Inc. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4459 June 22, 2015 
or its successor relating to the Hanford Waste 
Treatment and Immobilization Plant (contract number DE–AC27–01RV14136). 
‘‘(c) D
UTIES .—The duties of the owner’s agent 
under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) Performing design, construction, nuclear 
safety, and operability oversight of each facility covered by the contract described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) Beginning not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, ensuring that the preliminary documented safe-ty analyses for all facilities covered by the con-tract meet the requirements of all applicable De-partment of Energy regulations and guidance, including section 830.206 of title 10, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, and the Department of Energy Standard on the Integration of Safety into the Design Process (DOE–STD–1189–2008). 
‘‘(3) Assisting the Secretary in ensuring that, 
until the Secretary approves the documented safety analysis for each facility covered by the contract, the contractor ensures that each pre-liminary documented safety analysis is current. 
‘‘(4) Ensuring that the contractor acts to 
promptly resolve any unreviewed safety ques-tions. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORT REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, and every 180 days thereafter, the owner’s agent specified in subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary and the congressional defense commit-tees a report on the assistance provided by the owner’s agent to the Secretary under that sub-section with respect to oversight of the contract described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-
graph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) Information on the status of, and the 
plan for resolving, each unreviewed safety ques-tion at each facility covered by the contract de-scribed in subsection (b). 
‘‘(B) An identification of each instance of dis-
agreement between the owner’s agent and the contractor with respect to whether an unreviewed safety question exists and the plan for resolution of the disagreement. 
‘‘(C) An identification of each aspect of each 
preliminary documented safety analysis that is not current, the plan for making that aspect current, and the status of the corrective efforts. 
‘‘(D) Information on the status of, and the 
plan for resolving, each unresolved technical issue at each facility covered by the contract, and the status of corrective efforts. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘contractor’ means Bechtel Na-
tional, Inc. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘current’, with respect to a doc-
umented safety analysis, means that the docu-mented safety analysis includes any design changes approved by the contractor and any safety evaluation reports issued by the Secretary with respect to the facility covered by the anal-ysis before the date that is 60 days before the date of the analysis. 
‘‘(3) The terms ‘documented safety analysis’, 
‘safety evaluation report’, and ‘unreviewed safety question’ have the meanings given those terms in section 830.3 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar rul-ing or regulation). 
‘‘(4) The term ‘owner’s agent’ means a private 
third-party entity with nuclear safety manage-ment expertise and without any contractual re-lationship with the contractor or conflict of in-terest.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4445 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4446. Hanford Waste Treatment and Im-
mobilization Plant contract over-sight.’’. SEC. 3116. ASSESSMENT OF EMERGENCY PRE-
PAREDNESS OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLVIII of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2781 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4802 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4802A. ASSESSMENTS OF EMERGENCY PRE-
PAREDNESS OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall include, in each award-fee evaluation con-ducted under section 16.401 of title 48, Code of Federal Regulations, of a management and op-erating contract for a Department of Energy de-fense nuclear facility in 2016 or any even-num-bered year thereafter, an assessment of the ade-quacy of the emergency preparedness of that fa-cility, including an assessment of the seniority level of employees and contractors of the De-partment of Energy that participate in emer-gency preparedness exercises at that facility. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 
days after conducting an assessment under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the assessment.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4802 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4802A. Assessments of emergency pre-
paredness of defense nuclear fa-cilities.’’. 
SEC. 3117. LABORATORY- AND FACILITY-DI-
RECTED RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-MENT PROGRAMS. 
(a) F UNDING FOR LABORATORY -DIRECTED RE-
SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT .—Section 4811(c) of 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2791(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘not to exceed 6 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘of not less than 5 per-cent and not more than 8 percent’’. 
(b) F
ACILITY -DIRECTED RESEARCH AND DEVEL-
OPMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subtitle B of title XLVIII of 
such Act (50 U.S.C. 2791 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4811 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4811A. FACILITY-DIRECTED RESEARCH AND 
DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .—A covered facility that is 
funded out of funds available to the Department of Energy for national security programs may carry out facility-directed research and develop-ment. 
‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall prescribe regulations for the conduct of fa-cility-directed research and development under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) F
UNDING .—Of the funds provided by the 
Department of Energy to covered facilities, the Secretary shall provide a specific amount, not to exceed 4 percent of such funds, to be used by such facilities for facility-directed research and development. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C OVERED FACILITY .—The term ‘covered 
facility’ means a nuclear weapons production facility or the Nevada Site Office of the Depart-ment of Energy. 
‘‘(2) F
ACILITY -DIRECTED RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .—The term ‘facility-directed research 
and development’ means research and develop-ment work of a creative and innovative nature that, under the regulations prescribed pursuant to subsection (b), is selected by the director or manager of a covered facility for the purpose of maintaining the vitality of the facility in de-fense-related scientific disciplines.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4811 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 4811A. Facility-directed research and de-
velopment.’’. SEC. 3118. LIMITATION ON BONUSES FOR EM-
PLOYEES OF THE NATIONAL NU-CLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION WHO ENGAGE IN IMPROPER PRO-GRAM MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of the National 
Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3245. LIMITATION ON BONUSES FOR EM-
PLOYEES WHO ENGAGE IN IM-PROPER PROGRAM MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) L IMITATION .—If the Secretary of Energy 
or the Administrator determines that a senior employee of the Administration committed im-proper program management, the Secretary and the Administrator may not pay a bonus to that employee during the one-year period beginning on the date of the determination. 
‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary or the Adminis-
trator may waive the limitation on the payment of bonuses under subsection (a) on a case-by- case basis if— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary or the Administrator, as the 
case may be, notifies the congressional defense committees of the waiver; and 
‘‘(2) a period of 60 days elapses following the 
notification before the bonus is paid. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘bonus’ means any bonus or 
cash award, including— 
‘‘(A) an award under chapter 45 of title 5, 
United States Code; 
‘‘(B) an additional step-increase under section 
5336 of title 5, United States Code; 
‘‘(C) an award under section 5384 of title 5, 
United States Code; 
‘‘(D) a recruitment or relocation bonus under 
section 5753 of title 5, United States Code; and 
‘‘(E) a retention bonus under section 5754 of 
title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘covered project’ means— ‘‘(A) a construction project of the Administra-
tion that is not a minor construction project (as defined in section 4703(d) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2743(d))); or 
‘‘(B) a life extension program. ‘‘(3) The term ‘improper program management’ 
means actions relating to the management of a covered project that significantly— 
‘‘(A) delay the project; ‘‘(B) reduce the scope of the project; or ‘‘(C) increase the cost of the project.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-
tents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3244 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 3245. Limitation on bonuses for employees 
who engage in improper program management.’’. 
SEC. 3119. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORIZED PER-
SONNEL LEVELS OF THE OFFICE OF THE ADMINISTRATOR FOR NUCLEAR SECURITY. 
Section 3241A(b)(3) of the National Nuclear 
Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a(b)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) 100 employees in positions established 
under section 3241.’’. 
SEC. 3120. MODIFICATION OF SUBMISSION OF AS-
SESSMENTS OF CERTAIN BUDGET REQUESTS RELATING TO THE NU-CLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE. 
Section 3255(a)(2) of the National Nuclear Se-
curity Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2455(a)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘in each even-numbered year and 150 days in each odd-numbered year’’ after ‘‘90 days’’. 
SEC. 3121. REPEAL OF PHASE THREE REVIEW OF 
CERTAIN DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP PROJECTS. 
Section 3134 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2713), as amended by section 3134(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2193), is further amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4460 June 22, 2015 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘a series of 
three reviews, as described in subsections (b), (c), and (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘two reviews, as de-
scribed in subsections (b) and (c)’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (d). 
SEC. 3122. MODIFICATIONS TO COST-BENEFIT 
ANALYSES FOR COMPETITION OF MANAGEMENT AND OPERATING CON-TRACTS. 
Section 3121 of the National Defense Author-
ization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2175), as amended by section 3124 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1062), is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as 
paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; and 
(B) by striking paragraphs (1) through (3) and 
inserting the following new paragraphs: 
‘‘(1) a clear and complete description of the 
cost savings the Administrator expects to result from the competition for the contract over the life of the contract, including associated anal-yses, assumptions, and information sources used to determine such cost savings; 
‘‘(2) a description of any key limitations or 
uncertainties that could affect such costs sav-ings, including costs savings that are antici-pated but not fully known; 
‘‘(3) the costs of the competition for the con-
tract, including the immediate costs of con-ducting the competition; 
‘‘(4) a description of any expected disruptions 
or delays in mission activities or deliverables re-sulting from the competition for the contract; 
‘‘(5) a clear and complete description of the 
benefits expected by the Administrator with re-spect to mission performance or operations re-sulting from the competition;’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as 
subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing new subsection (c): 
‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION QUALITY .—A report re-
quired by subsection (a) shall be prepared in ac-cordance with— 
‘‘(1) the information quality guidelines of the 
Department of Energy that are relevant to the clear and complete presentation of information on each matter required to be included in the re-port under subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) best practices of the Government Ac-
countability Office and relevant industries for cost estimating, if appropriate.’’; 
(4) in subsection (d), as redesignated by para-
graph (2), by striking paragraph (1) and insert-ing the following new paragraph (1): 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a review of each report required by subsection (a) with respect to a contract not later than 3 years after the report is submitted to such committees that includes an assessment, based on the most current information available, of the following: 
‘‘(A) The actual cost savings achieved com-
pared to cost savings estimated under subsection (b)(1), and any increased costs incurred under the contract that were unexpected or uncertain at the time the contract was awarded. 
‘‘(B) Any disruptions or delays in mission ac-
tivities or deliverables resulting from the com-petition for the contract compared to the disrup-tions and delayed estimated under subsection (b)(4). 
‘‘(C) Whether expected benefits of the competi-
tion with respect to mission performance or op-erations have been achieved.’’; and 
(5) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2013 
through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2020’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); and 
(D) in paragraph (2), as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (C), by striking ‘‘subsections (a) and (d)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)’’. SEC. 3123. REVIEW OF IMPLEMENTATION OF REC-
OMMENDATIONS OF THE CONGRES-SIONAL ADVISORY PANEL ON THE GOVERNANCE OF THE NUCLEAR SE-CURITY ENTERPRISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator for Nuclear Security shall enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences and the National Academy of Public Administration (in this section referred to as the ‘‘joint panel’’) to review the implementation of the recommendations specified in subsection (b) of the Congressional Advisory Panel on the Gov-ernance of the Nuclear Security Enterprise es-tablished by section 3166 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2208). 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS SPECIFIED .—The rec-
ommendations specified in this subsection are recommendations 4 through 10, 12, 13, and 15 through 19 in the table of recommendations in the report of the Congressional Advisory Panel on the Governance of the Nuclear Security En-terprise entitled ‘‘A New Foundation for the Nu-clear Security Enterprise’’ and submitted to Congress pursuant to section 3166 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2208), as amended by section 3142 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1069). 
(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 
31, 2016, and annually thereafter through 2020, the joint panel shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the review re-quired by subsection (a) that includes an assess-ment of— 
(1) the status of the implementation of the rec-
ommendations specified in subsection (b); and 
(2) the extent to which the implementation of 
the recommendations is resulting in the desired effect as envisioned by the Congressional Advi-sory Panel on the Governance of the Nuclear Security Enterprise. 
TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR 
FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
SEC. 3201. AUTHORIZATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for 
fiscal year 2016, $29,150,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). 
TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 3501. CADET COMMITMENT AGREEMENTS. 
Section 51306(a) of title 46, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘must’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; 
(2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(2) obtain a merchant mariner license, unlim-
ited as to horsepower or tonnage, issued by the United States Coast Guard as an officer in the merchant marine of the United States, accom-panied by the appropriate national and inter-national endorsements and certifications re-quired by the Coast Guard for service aboard vessels on domestic and international voyages, without limitation, before graduation from the Academy;’’; 
(3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(3) for at least 6 years after graduation from 
the Academy, maintain— 
‘‘(A) a valid merchant mariner license, unlim-
ited as to horsepower or tonnage, issued by the United States Coast Guard as an officer in the merchant marine of the United States, accom-panied by the appropriate national and inter-national endorsements and certifications re-quired by the Coast Guard for service aboard vessels on domestic and international voyages, without limitation; 
‘‘(B) a valid transportation worker identifica-
tion credential; and 
‘‘(C) a United States Coast Guard medical cer-
tificate;’’; and (4) by amending paragraph (4) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(4) apply for, and accept if tendered, an ap-
pointment as a commissioned officer in the Navy Reserve (including the Strategic Sealift Officer Program, Navy Reserve), the Coast Guard Re-serve, or any other reserve component of an armed force of the United States, and, if ten-dered the appointment, to serve, meet the par-ticipation requirements, and maintain active status in good standing, as determined by the program manager of the appropriate military service, for at least 8 years after the date of commissioning;’’. 
SEC. 3502. STUDENT INCENTIVE PAYMENT AGREE-
MENTS. 
Section 51509 of title 46, United States Code, is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(3) A
UTHORIZED USES .—’’ be-
fore the last sentence and indenting accord-ingly; 
(B) in the matter preceding paragraph (3), by 
striking ‘‘Payments’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) I
N GEN -
ERAL.—Except as provided in paragraph (2), 
payments’’ and indenting accordingly; and 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) E XCEPTION .—The Secretary may modify 
the payments made to an individual under paragraph (1), but the total amount of payments to that individual may not exceed $32,000.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Merchant 
Marine Reserve’’ and inserting ‘‘Strategic Sea-lift Officer Program’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(2) obtain a merchant mariner license, with-
out limitation as to tonnage or horsepower, from the United States Coast Guard as an officer in the merchant marine of the United States, ac-companied by the appropriate national and international endorsements and certification re-quired by the Coast Guard for service aboard vessels on domestic and international voyages, without limitation, within three months of com-pletion of the course of instruction at the acad-emy the individual is attending;’’; 
(B) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(3) for at least 6 years after graduation from 
the academy, maintain— 
‘‘(A) a valid merchant mariner license, unlim-
ited as to horsepower or tonnage, issued by the United States Coast Guard as an officer in the merchant marine of the United States, accom-panied by the appropriate national and inter-national endorsements and certifications re-quired by the Coast Guard for service aboard vessels on domestic and international voyages, without limitation; 
‘‘(B) a valid transportation worker identifica-
tion credential; and 
‘‘(C) a United States Coast Guard medical cer-
tificate;’’ and 
(C) by amending paragraph (4) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(4) apply for, and accept, if tendered, an ap-
pointment as a commissioned officer in the Navy Reserve (including the Strategic Sealift Officer Program, Navy Reserve), the Coast Guard Re-serve, or any other reserve component of an armed force of the United States, and, if ten-dered the appointment, to serve and meet the participation requirements and to maintain ac-tive status in good standing, as determined by the program manager of the appropriate mili-tary service, for at least 8 years after the date of commissioning;’’; 
(4) by amending subsection (e)(1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) A
CTIVE DUTY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense 
may order an individual to serve on active duty in the armed forces of the United States for a period of not more than 2 years if— 
‘‘(i) the individual has attended an academy 
under this section for more than 2 academic years, but less than 3 academic years; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4461 June 22, 2015 
‘‘(ii) the individual has accepted the payments 
described in subsection (b) in an amount total-ing at least $8,000; and 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary of Transportation has de-
termined that the individual has failed to fulfill the part of the agreement described in sub-section (d)(1). 
‘‘(B) 3 
OR MORE YEARS .—The Secretary of De-
fense may order an individual to serve on active duty in the armed forces of the United States for a period of not more than 3 years if— 
‘‘(i) the individual has attended an academy 
under this section for 3 or more academic years; 
‘‘(ii) the individual has accepted the payments 
described in subsection (b) in an amount total-ing at least $16,000; and 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary of Transportation has de-
termined that the individual has failed to fulfill the part of the agreement described in sub-section (d)(1). 
‘‘(C) H
ARDSHIP WAIVER .—In cases of hardship 
as determined by the Secretary of Transpor-tation, the Secretary of Transportation may waive this paragraph in whole or in part.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) A
LTERNATIVE SERVICE .— 
‘‘(1) S ERVICE AS COMMISSIONED OFFICER .—An 
individual who, for the 5-year period following graduation from an academy, serves as a com-missioned officer on active duty in an armed force of the United States or as a commissioned officer of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration or the Public Health Service shall be excused from the requirements of para-graphs (3) through (5) of subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATION OR WAIVER .—The Sec-
retary may modify or waive any of the terms and conditions set forth in subsection (d) through the imposition of alternative service re-quirements.’’. 
SEC. 3503. FEDERAL UNEMPLOYMENT TAX ACT. 
Section 3305 of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (26 U.S.C. 3305) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Commerce’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’. 
SEC. 3504. SHORT SEA TRANSPORTATION DE-
FINED. 
Paragraph (1) of section 55605 of title 46, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’; 
and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) shipped in discrete units or packages 
that are handled individually, palletized, or unitized for purposes of transportation; or 
‘‘(D) freight vehicles carried aboard commuter 
ferry boats; and’’. 
SEC. 3505. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
FOR NATIONAL SECURITY ASPECTS OF THE MERCHANT MARINE FOR FIS-CAL YEARS 2016 AND 2017. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2016.—Funds are hereby au-
thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016, to be available without fiscal year limitation if so provided in appropriations Acts, for the use of the Department of Transportation for Mari-time Administration programs associated with maintaining national security aspects of the merchant marine, as follows: 
(1) For expenses necessary for operations of 
the United States Merchant Marine Academy, $96,028,000, of which— 
(A) $71,306,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for Academy operations; 
(B) $24,722,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for capital asset management at the Academy. (2) For expenses necessary to support the 
State maritime academies, $34,550,000, of which— 
(A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for student incentive payments; 
(B) $3,000,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for direct payments to such academies; 
(C) $1,800,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for training ship fuel assistance pay-ments; 
(D) $22,000,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; 
(E) $5,000,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for a National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Design Program; and 
(F) $350,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for improving the monitoring of grad-uates’ service obligation. 
(3) For expenses necessary to support Mari-
time Administration operations and programs, $54,059,000. 
(4) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels 
in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $8,000,000 to remain available until expended. 
(5) For expenses to maintain and preserve a 
United States-flag merchant marine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $186,000,000. 
(6) For the cost (as defined in section 502(5) of 
the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5)) of loan guarantees under the program authorized by chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $3,135,000, of which $3,135,000 shall remain available until expended for administra-tive expenses of the program. 
(b) F
ISCAL YEAR2017.—Funds are hereby au-
thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2017, to be available without fiscal year limitation if so provided in appropriations Acts, for the use of the Department of Transportation for Mari-time Administration programs associated with maintaining national security aspects of the merchant marine, as follows: 
(1) For expenses necessary for operations of 
the United States Merchant Marine Academy, $96,028,000, of which— 
(A) $71,306,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for Academy operations; 
(B) $24,722,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for capital asset management at the Academy. 
(2) For expenses necessary to support the 
State maritime academies, $34,550,000, of which— 
(A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for student incentive payments; 
(B) $3,000,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for direct payments to such academies; 
(C) $1,800,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for training ship fuel assistance pay-ments; 
(D) $22,000,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; 
(E) $5,000,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for a National Security Multi-Mission Vessel Design Program; and 
(F) $350,000 shall remain available until ex-
pended for improving the monitoring of grad-uates’ service obligation. 
(3) For expenses necessary to support Mari-
time Administration operations and programs, $54,059,000. 
(4) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels 
in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $8,000,000 to remain available until expended. (5) For expenses to maintain and preserve a 
United States-flag merchant marine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $186,000,000. 
(6) For the cost (as defined in section 502(5) of 
the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5)) of loan guarantees under the program authorized by chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $3,135,000, of which $3,135,000 shall remain available until expended for administra-tive expenses of the program. 
DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES 
SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS IN 
FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever a funding table in 
this division specifies a dollar amount author-ized for a project, program, or activity, the obli-gation and expenditure of the specified dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. 
(b) M
ERIT-BASED DECISIONS .—A decision to 
commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to a specific entity on the basis of a dollar amount authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be based on merit-based selection proce-
dures in accordance with the requirements of sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United States Code, or on competitive procedures; and 
(2) comply with other applicable provisions of 
law. 
(c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRANSFER AND PROGRAM -
MING AUTHORITY .—An amount specified in the 
funding tables in this division may be trans-ferred or reprogrammed under a transfer or re-programming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The trans-fer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or section 1522 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation accounts. 
(d) A
PPLICABILITY TO CLASSIFIED ANNEX .— 
This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. 
(e) O
RAL AND WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS .—No 
oral or written communication concerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the requirements of this section. 
SEC. 4002. CLARIFICATION OF APPLICABILITY OF 
UNDISTRIBUTED REDUCTIONS OF CERTAIN OPERATION AND MAINTE-NANCE FUNDING AMONG ALL OPER-ATION AND MAINTENANCE FUND-ING. 
Any undistributed reduction in funding avail-
able for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance, as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4301, that is attributable to savings in connection with for-eign currency fluctuations or bulk fuel pur-chases, may be applied against any funds avail-able for that fiscal year for the Department for operation and maintenance, regardless of whether available as specified in the funding table in section 4301 or available as specified in the funding table in section 4302. 
TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
FIXED WING 
2 UTILITY F/W AIRCRAFT ......................................................................................................... ........................ 879 879 
4 MQ–1 UAV ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 260,436 260,436 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4462 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
ROTARY 
6 HELICOPTER, LIGHT UTILITY (LUH) .............................................................................................. ............... 187,177 187,177 
7 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN ................................................................................................ ............... 1,168,461 1,168,461 
8 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN (AP) ........................................................................................... ............ 209,930 209,930 
11 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) ............................................................................................... ............. 1,435,945 1,435,945 
12 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) (AP) .......................................................................................... .......... 127,079 127,079 
13 UH–60 BLACK HAWK A AND L MODELS ............................................................................................. ............ 46,641 46,641 
14 CH–47 HELICOPTER ............................................................................................................ ............................. 1,024,587 1,024,587 
15 CH–47 HELICOPTER (AP) ....................................................................................................... .......................... 99,344 99,344 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
16 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) .......................................................................................................... ........................... 97,543 97,543 
19 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ................................................................................................ ................. 95,725 95,725 
20 AH–64 MODS .................................................................................................................. .................................. 116,153 116,153 
21 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) ........................................................................................... ........... 86,330 86,330 
22 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP) ........................................................................................................ ......................... 4,019 4,019 
23 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ......................................................................................................... ......................... 16,302 16,302 
24 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) ...................................................................................................... ...................... 13,669 13,669 
25 UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS ................................................................................................. ................ 16,166 16,166 
26 UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS ..................................................................................................... .................... 13,793 13,793 
28 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN .................................................................................................... .................. 112,807 112,807 
29 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE ..................................................................................................... ................... 82,904 82,904 
30 GATM ROLLUP ................................................................................................................. ............................... 33,890 33,890 
31 RQ–7 UAV MODS ............................................................................................................... ............................... 81,444 81,444 
GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 
32 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ .......... 56,215 56,215 
33 SURVIVABILITY CM ............................................................................................................ ............................ 8,917 8,917 
34 CMWS ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 78,348 104,348 
Army UPL for AH–64 ASE: urgent survivability requirement ....................................................................... ...... [26,000] 
OTHER SUPPORT 
35 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................ 6,937 6,937 
36 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ............... 64,867 64,867 
37 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................ 44,085 44,085 
38 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ......................................................................................................... ......................... 94,545 94,545 
39 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ....................................................................................................... ........................ 1,207 1,207 
40 LAUNCHER, 2.75 ROCKET ....................................................................................................... ......................... 3,012 3,012 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ..................................................................................................... 5,689,357 5,715,357 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 
1 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) ..................................................................................... ..... 115,075 115,075 
2 MSE MISSILE .................................................................................................................. ................................. 414,946 614,946 
Army UPL for Patriot PAC 3 for improved ballistic missile defense .............................................................. ...... [200,000] 
AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 
3 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... ..................... 27,975 27,975 
4 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) .............................................................................................. .............. 27,738 27,738 
ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 
5 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY .............................................................................................. .......... 77,163 77,163 
6 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... .................... 87,525 87,525 
8 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) ................................................................................................... ................ 251,060 251,060 
9 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) .................................................................................. 1 7,428 17,428 
MODIFICATIONS 
11 PATRIOT MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................... 241,883 241,883 
12 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................. ............................... 30,119 20,119 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ................................ [–10,000] 
13 GMLRS MOD ................................................................................................................... ................................. 18,221 18,221 
14 STINGER MODS ................................................................................................................ ............................... 2,216 2,216 
15 AVENGER MODS ................................................................................................................ .............................. 6,171 6,171 
16 ITAS/TOW MODS ............................................................................................................... .............................. 19,576 19,576 
17 MLRS MODS ................................................................................................................... ................................. 35,970 35,970 
18 HIMARS MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ...................... 3,148 3,148 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
19 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ..................... 33,778 33,778 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
20 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ......................................................................................................... ......................... 3,717 3,717 
21 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MISSILES) ............................................................................................ .................. 1,544 1,544 
22 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................. 4,704 4,704 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ........................................................................................................ 1,419,957 1,609,957 
PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
1 STRYKER VEHICLE .............................................................................................................. ........................... 181,245 181,245 
MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
2 STRYKER (MOD) ................................................................................................................ ............................. 74,085 74,085 
3 STRYKER UPGRADE .............................................................................................................. ......................... 305,743 305,743 
5 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ................... 225,042 225,042 
6 HOWITZER, MED SP FT 155MM M109A6 (MOD) ....................................................................................... ........ 60,079 60,079 
7 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .......................................................................................... ..... 273,850 273,850 
8 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ................................................................................... 123,629 195,629 
16 M88A2s to supports modernization of ABCTs and industrial base ............................................................... ... [72,000] 
9 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ......................................................................................................... ....................... 2,461 2,461 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4463 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
10 ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE .................................................................................................... .................. 2,975 2,975 
11 M88 FOV MODS ................................................................................................................ ................................ 14,878 14,878 
12 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ........................................................................................................ ........................ 33,455 33,455 
13 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ....................... 367,939 367,939 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
15 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (TCV-WTCV) .......................................................................................... ........ 6,479 6,479 
WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 
16 MORTAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ............................ 4,991 4,991 
17 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) ......................................................................................... ...... 26,294 26,294 
18 PRECISION SNIPER RIFLE ...................................................................................................... ........................ 1,984 0 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ................................ [–1,984] 
19 COMPACT SEMI-AUTOMATIC SNIPER SYSTEM ........................................................................................ ..... 1,488 0 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ................................ [–1,488] 
20 CARBINE ..................................................................................................................... .................................... 34,460 34,460 
21 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ................................................................................ 8,36 7 14,767 
Transferred funds .............................................................................................................. ............................. [6,400] 
22 HANDGUN ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 5,417 0 
RFP release delayed, early to need ............................................................................................. ..................... [–5,417] 
MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 
23 MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS .............................................................................................. ........... 2,777 2,777 
24 M777 MODS ................................................................................................................... ................................... 10,070 10,070 
25 M4 CARBINE MODS ............................................................................................................. ............................ 27,566 27,566 
26 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. .................. 44,004 44,004 
27 M249 SAW MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................... .................. 1,190 1,190 
28 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................ ............. 1,424 1,424 
29 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS ................................................................................................. .................. 2,431 1,031 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ................................ [–1,400] 
30 M119 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................... .......................... 20,599 20,599 
32 MORTAR MODIFICATION ......................................................................................................... ...................... 6,300 6,300 
33 MODIFICATIONS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ................................................................................... ..... 3,737 3,737 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
34 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ........................................................................................... .............. 391 2,891 
Transfer funds ................................................................................................................. .............................. [2,500] 
35 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (WOCV-WTCV) ......................................................................................... ...... 9,027 9,027 
36 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ..................................................................................................... ................... 304 304 
37 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PROG) ..................................................................................... ... 2,392 2,392 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY .................................................................................................... 1,887,073 1,957,684 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
1 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ......................... 43,489 43,489 
2 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ......................... 40,715 40,715 
3 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... .................... 7,753 6,801 
Program funding ahead of need .................................................................................................. .................... [–952] 
4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... .......................... 24,728 24,728 
5 CTG, 25MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ......................... 8,305 8,305 
6 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ......................... 34,330 34,330 
7 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ......................... 79,972 69,972 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ................................ [–10,000] 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 
8 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 42,898 42,898 
9 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .................... 43,500 43,500 
10 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ..................... 64,372 64,372 
TANK AMMUNITION 
11 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES ................................................................................ ... 105,541 105,541 
ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 
12 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................... . 57,756 57,756 
13 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ........ 77,995 77,995 
14 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 .............................................................................................. .............. 45,518 45,518 
15 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ............................................................................. 78 ,024 78,024 
ROCKETS 
16 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ... 7,500 7,500 
17 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ................... 33,653 33,653 
OTHER AMMUNITION 
18 CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... ........................... 5,639 5,639 
19 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. ............. 9,751 9,751 
20 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ......................... 19,993 19,993 
21 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... ............................ 9,761 9,761 
22 SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ....................... 9,749 9,749 
MISCELLANEOUS 
23 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ............... 3,521 3,521 
24 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ .......... 1,700 1,700 
25 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) ........................................................................................... ............. 6,181 6,181 
26 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ........... 17,811 17,811 
27 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) ..................................................................................... ... 14,695 14,695 
PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 
29 PROVISION OF INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .......................................................................................... ............ 221,703 221,703 
30 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION ..................................................................................... .. 113,250 113,250 
31 ARMS INITIATIVE ............................................................................................................. .............................. 3,575 3,575 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ......................................................................................... 1,233,378 1,222,426 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4464 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
1 TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS ................................................................................................. ............... 12,855 12,855 
2 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ....................................................................................................... ..................... 53 53 
4 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................. ................ 308,336 308,336 
5 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ......................................................................................... ...... 90,040 90,040 
6 FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP ................................................................................... . 8,444 8,444 
7 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) ..................................................................................... ... 27,549 27,549 
8 PLS ESP ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 127,102 127,102 
10 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS .................................................................................... .. 48,292 48,292 
11 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ................................................................................................ ................. 130,993 130,993 
12 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS .............................................................................. 19, 146 19,146 
NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 
14 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................. ................ 1,248 1,248 
15 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER ................................................................................................. ................ 9,614 9,614 
COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 
16 WIN-T—GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK ........................................................................................ ... 783,116 583,116 
Delayed obligation of prior year funds ......................................................................................... .................... [–200,000] 
17 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ............ 49,898 49,898 
18 JOINT INCIDENT SITE COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITY .............................................................................. 4 ,062 4,062 
19 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USREDCOM) ................................................................................................... .................. 5,008 5,008 
COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
20 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 19 6,306 196,306 
21 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................... 44,998 29 ,998 
Early to need in FY16 due to one year delay .................................................................................... ................ [–15,000] 
22 SHF TERM .................................................................................................................... ................................... 7,629 7,629 
23 NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (SPACE) ................................................................................... ... 14,027 14,027 
24 SMART-T (SPACE) ............................................................................................................. .............................. 13,453 13,453 
25 GLOBAL BRDCST SVC—GBS ....................................................................................................... .................... 6,265 6,265 
26 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (TAC SAT) ............................................................................................... .................. 1,042 1,042 
27 ENROUTE MISSION COMMAND (EMC) ............................................................................................... ............ 7,116 7,116 
COMM—C3 SYSTEM 
28 ARMY GLOBAL CMD & CONTROL SYS (AGCCS) ....................................................................................... ...... 10,137 10,137 
COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 
29 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ................. 64,640 64,640 
30 MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) .................................................................................. 27,762 27,762 
31 RADIO TERMINAL SET, MIDS LVT(2) ............................................................................................. ................ 9,422 9,422 
32 AMC CRITICAL ITEMS—OPA2 ..................................................................................................... .................... 26,020 26,020 
33 TRACTOR DESK ................................................................................................................ .............................. 4,073 4,073 
34 SPIDER APLA REMOTE CONTROL UNIT ............................................................................................. ........... 1,403 1,403 
35 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCR ................................................................................... . 9,199 9,199 
36 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM COMM/ELECTRONICS ......................................................................... 349 349  
37 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM .......................................................................... 25,59 7 25,597 
38 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE ....................................................................................................... ..................... 21,854 21,854 
40 FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ............................................................................ 24,38 8 24,388 
COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 
42 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE .................................................................................................. ............... 1,349 1,349 
43 ARMY CA/MISO GPF EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................ 3,695 3,695 
INFORMATION SECURITY 
45 INFORMATION SYSTEM SECURITY PROGRAM-ISSP .................................................................................... . 19,920 19,920 
46 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ............................................................................................ .......... 72,257 72,257 
COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 
47 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............. 16,082 16,082 
COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 
48 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ....................... 86,037 86,037 
50 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM .......................................................................... 8,550 8, 550 
51 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ........................................................................... 73,49 6 73,496 
ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 
54 JTT/CIBS-M .................................................................................................................. .................................... 881 881 
55 PROPHET GROUND .............................................................................................................. ........................... 63,650 48,650 
Unjustified program growth ..................................................................................................... ....................... [–15,000] 
57 DCGS-A (MIP) ................................................................................................................ .................................. 260,268 260,268 
58 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS) ....................................................................................... ......... 3,906 3,906 
59 TROJAN (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ................................. 13,929 13,929 
60 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ....................................................................................... ............. 3,978 3,978 
61 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) .................................................................................... ... 7,542 7,542 
62 CLOSE ACCESS TARGET RECONNAISSANCE (CATR) ................................................................................... ... 8,010 8,010 
63 MACHINE FOREIGN LANGUAGE TRANSLATION SYSTEM-M ......................................................................... 8,125 8,125 
ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 
64 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ............................................................................................ ....... 63,472 63,472 
65 EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) ...................................................................................... .. 2,556 2,556 
66 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) .......................................................................................................... ............................. 8,224 8,224 
67 CREW ........................................................................................................................ ....................................... 2,960 2,960 
68 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE .............................................................................. 1 ,722 1,722 
69 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES .......................................................................... 447 44 7 
70 CI MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................................ ........................... 228 228 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 
71 SENTINEL MODS ............................................................................................................... .............................. 43,285 43,285 
72 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ........................................................................................................ .......................... 124,216 124,216 
74 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ................................................................................... 23,216 23,216 
76 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS .................................................................................. .. 60,679 60,679 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4465 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
77 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) ............................................................................................... ............... 53,453 53,453 
78 ARTILLERY ACCURACY EQUIP .................................................................................................... .................. 3,338 3,338 
79 PROFILER .................................................................................................................... ................................... 4,057 4,057 
81 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ....................................................................................... .... 133,339 133,339 
82 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) ....................................................................................... .......... 47,212 47,212 
83 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) .................................................................................................. .................... 22,314 22,314 
84 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................. ............ 12,131 12,131 
85 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................................. ............... 10,075 10,075 
86 COUNTERFIRE RADARS .......................................................................................................... ........................ 217,379 142,379 
Under execution of prior year funds ............................................................................................ .................... [–75,000] 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
87 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ...................................................................................................... ....................... 1,190 1,190 
90 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS .................................................................................... .... 28,176 28,176 
91 IAMD BATTLE COMMAND SYSTEM .................................................................................................. .............. 20,917 20,917 
92 LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) .......................................................................................... ........... 5,850 5,850 
93 NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE .......................................................................... 12,73 8 12,738 
94 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) ............................................................................................... ............ 145,405 145,405 
95 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) ................................................................................. 1 62,654 146,654 
Program growth ................................................................................................................. ............................. [–16,000] 
96 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP ............................................................................ 4,4 46 4,446 
98 RECONNAISSANCE AND SURVEYING INSTRUMENT SET ............................................................................... 16 ,218 16,218 
99 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ............................................................................................ ............. 1,138 1,138 
ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 
100 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ............... 12,089 12,089 
101 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ........... 105,775 93,775 
Reduce IT procurement .......................................................................................................... ......................... [–12,000] 
102 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM .............................................................................. 1 8,995 18,995 
103 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) ........................................................................................ ....... 62,319 62,319 
104 RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS (RCAS) .................................................................................... ... 17,894 17,894 
ELECT EQUIP—AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 
106 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) .................................................................................. ..... 4,242 4,242 
ELECT EQUIP—SUPPORT 
107 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (C-E) .............................................................................................. ................. 425 425 
108 BCT EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................................. ................. 7,438 7,438 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
108 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 6,467 6,467 
CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 
109 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 248 248 
110 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... ....... 1,487 1,487 
112 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... ................................ 26,302 26,302 
BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 
113 TACTICAL BRIDGING .......................................................................................................... ............................ 9,822 9,822 
114 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON .............................................................................................. ................ 21,516 21,516 
115 BRIDGE SUPPLEMENTAL SET .................................................................................................... .................... 4,959 4,959 
116 COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER (CBT) RECAP ...................................................................................... ..... 52,546 52,546 
ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 
117 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ................................................................................. . 58,682 58,682 
118 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMDS) ...................................................................................... .... 13,565 13,565 
119 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... ........ 2,136 2,136 
120 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION ...................................................................................... ...... 6,960 6,960 
121 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQPMT (EOD EQPMT) ........................................................................... 17, 424 17,424 
122 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................. 8,284 8,284 
123 < $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ................ 5,459 5,459 
124 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS ................................................................................................. ................. 8,429 8,429 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
125 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ............................ 18,876 18,876 
127 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT ........................................................................................................ ....................... 2,287 2,287 
128 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................... ... 7,733 7,733 
129 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ...................... 49,798 49,798 
130 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER ....................................................................................................... ....................... 43,639 43,639 
132 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ..................... 13,118 13,118 
133 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM .......................................................................... 28,2 78 28,278 
135 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS ............................................................................... 3 4,544 34,544 
136 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) .............................................................................................. .................... 595 595 
PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 
137 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ............ 5,368 5,368 
138 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .................................................................................... .... 35,381 35,381 
MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 
139 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... ................... 73,828 73,828 
MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 
140 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... .... 25,270 25,270 
141 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... .................. 2,760 2,760 
CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 
142 GRADER, ROAD MTZD, HVY, 6X4 (CCE) .......................................................................................... ............... 5,903 5,903 
143 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING ...................................................................................................... ...................... 26,125 26,125 
146 TRACTOR, FULL TRACKED ...................................................................................................... ...................... 27,156 27,156 
147 ALL TERRAIN CRANES ......................................................................................................... ........................... 16,750 16,750 
148 PLANT, ASPHALT MIXING ...................................................................................................... ........................ 984 984 
149 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) .................................................................................... .... 2,656 2,656 
150 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP ................................................................................. 2,531 2,531 
151 FAMILY OF DIVER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... ......... 446 446 
152 CONST EQUIP ESP ............................................................................................................ ............................... 19,640 19,640 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4466 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (CONST EQUIP) ........................................................................................ ............... 5,087 5,087 
RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 
154 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP ........................................................................................................ ....................... 39,772 39,772 
155 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) ......................................................................................... ................ 5,835 5,835 
GENERATORS 
156 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............ 166,356 166,356 
157 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ................................................................................... ... 11,505 11,505 
MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
159 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ ......................... 17,496 17,496 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
160 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ ........... 74,916 74,916 
161 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM ................................................................................................ .................. 303,236 278,236 
Unjustified program growth ..................................................................................................... ....................... [–25,000] 
162 CLOSE COMBAT TACTICAL TRAINER .............................................................................................. .............. 45,210 45,210 
163 AVIATION COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER .................................................................................... .... 30,068 30,068 
164 GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING ........................................................................... 9,7 93 9,793 
TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 
165 CALIBRATION SETS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .................. 4,650 4,650 
166 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................................................................................. ... 34,487 34,487 
167 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ....................................................................................... ...... 11,083 11,083 
OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
169 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. .. 17,937 17,937 
170 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... .............. 52,040 52,040 
171 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .............. 1,568 1,568 
172 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... ....... 64,219 64,219 
173 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (OTH) .............................................................................................. ............... 1,525 1,525 
174 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING ......................................................................................... .......... 3,268 3,268 
176 TRACTOR YARD ............................................................................................................... ............................... 7,191 7,191 
OPA2 
177 INITIAL SPARES—C&E ......................................................................................................... ........................... 48,511 48,511 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY .......................................................................................................... 5,899,028 5,541,028 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
COMBAT AIRCRAFT 
2 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET ................................................................................................... ..................... 0 1,150,000 
Additional 12 aircraft, unfunded requirement ................................................................................... ................ [1,150,000] 
3 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV ...................................................................................................... ...................... 897,542 873,042 
Efficiencies and excess cost growth ............................................................................................ ...................... [–24,500] 
4 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV (AP) ................................................................................................. ................... 48,630 48,630 
5 JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................... ................................... 1,483,414 2,508,314 
Efficiencies and excess cost growth ............................................................................................ ...................... [–25,100] 
Additional 6 aircraft, unfunded requirement .................................................................................... ................ [1,050,000] 
6 JSF STOVL (AP) ............................................................................................................... ................................ 203,060 203,060 
7 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) .......................................................................................................... ........................... 41,300 41,300 
8 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ........................................................................................................... ............................ 1,436,355 1,436,355 
9 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) (AP) ...................................................................................................... ......................... 43,853 43,853 
10 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) .................................................................................................. ..................... 800,057 800,057 
11 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) (AP) ............................................................................................. .................. 56,168 56,168 
12 MH–60S (MYP) ................................................................................................................ .................................. 28,232 28,232 
14 MH–60R (MYP) ................................................................................................................ ................................. 969,991 969,991 
16 P–8A POSEIDON ............................................................................................................... ................................ 3,008,928 3,008,928 
17 P–8A POSEIDON (AP) .......................................................................................................... ............................. 269,568 269,568 
18 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ............................................................................................................ ........................... 857,654 857,654 
19 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE (AP) ....................................................................................................... ........................ 195,336 195,336 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
20 JPATS ....................................................................................................................... ........................................ 8,914 8,914 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
21 KC–130J ..................................................................................................................... ....................................... 192,214 192,214 
22 KC–130J (AP) ................................................................................................................ .................................... 24,451 24,451 
23 MQ–4 TRITON ................................................................................................................. ................................. 494,259 494,259 
24 MQ–4 TRITON (AP) ............................................................................................................ .............................. 54,577 54,577 
25 MQ–8 UAV .................................................................................................................... .................................... 120,020 120,020 
26 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................. ................................. 3,450 3,450 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
28 EA–6 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................... 9,799 9,799 
29 AEA SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ................................ 23,151 23,151 
30 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................... 41,890 45,190 
AV–8B Link 16 upgrades, unfunded requirement ................................................................................... ........... [3,300] 
31 ADVERSARY ................................................................................................................... ................................. 5,816 5,816 
32 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................... 978,756 1,148,756 
Jamming protection upgrades, unfunded requirement .............................................................................. ......... [170,000] 
34 H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................... 46,887 46,887 
35 SH–60 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ................................... 107,728 107,728 
36 H–1 SERIES .................................................................................................................. .................................... 42,315 42,315 
37 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................... 41,784 41,784 
38 P–3 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 3,067 3,067 
39 E–2 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 20,741 20,741 
40 TRAINER A/C SERIES .......................................................................................................... ............................ 27,980 27,980 
41 C–2A ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 8,157 8,157 
42 C–130 SERIES ................................................................................................................ .................................... 70,335 70,335 
43 FEWSG ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 633 633 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4467 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
44 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES .................................................................................................. ................... 8,916 8,916 
45 E–6 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 185,253 185,253 
46 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES ................................................................................................ ................ 76,138 76,138 
47 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT .................................................................................................... .................... 23,702 23,702 
48 T–45 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................... 105,439 105,439 
49 POWER PLANT CHANGES ......................................................................................................... ...................... 9,917 9,917 
50 JPATS SERIES ................................................................................................................ .................................. 13,537 13,537 
51 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ................... 131,732 131,732 
52 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES ..................................................................................................... .................. 202,745 202,745 
53 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ......... 3,062 3,062 
54 ID SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................. .................................. 48,206 48,206 
55 P–8 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 28,492 28,492 
56 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ..................... 7,680 7,680 
57 MQ–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. .................................. 22,464 22,464 
58 RQ–7 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ................................... 3,773 3,773 
59 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY ............................................................................................... .................. 121,208 144,208 
MV–22 Integrated Aircraft Survivability ........................................................................................ .................. [15,000] 
MV–22 Ballistic Protection ..................................................................................................... ......................... [8,000] 
60 F–35 STOVL SERIES ........................................................................................................... .............................. 256,106 256,106 
61 F–35 CV SERIES .............................................................................................................. .................................. 68,527 68,527 
62 QRC ......................................................................................................................... ......................................... 6,885 6,885 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
63 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ..................... 1,563,515 1,563,515 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 
64 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... ............... 450,959 450,959 
65 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. ............... 24,010 24,010 
66 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................. .......................... 42,012 42,012 
67 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ................ 2,455 2,455 
68 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ................. 50,859 50,859 
69 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................ ........... 1,801 1,801 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ..................................................................................................... 16,126,405 18,473,105 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
1 TRIDENT II MODS .............................................................................................................. ............................. 1,099,064 1,099,064 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
2 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ................................................................................................ ................. 7,748 7,748 
STRATEGIC MISSILES 
3 TOMAHAWK ..................................................................................................................... ............................... 184,814 214,814 
Combined with 47 FY15 OCO missiles, returns production to MSR .................................................................. ... [30,000] 
TACTICAL MISSILES 
4 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... .................................. 192,873 207,873 
Additional captive air training missiles ....................................................................................... ..................... [15,000] 
5 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................... ................................ 96,427 96,427 
6 JSOW ......................................................................................................................... ....................................... 21,419 21,419 
7 STANDARD MISSILE ............................................................................................................. .......................... 435,352 435,352 
8 RAM .......................................................................................................................... ....................................... 80,826 80,826 
11 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS (SOPGM) ................................................................................ 4,265 4,265 
12 AERIAL TARGETS .............................................................................................................. ............................. 40,792 40,792 
13 OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT ....................................................................................................... ...................... 3,335 3,335 
MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 
14 ESSM ........................................................................................................................ ........................................ 44,440 44,440 
15 ESSM (AP) ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 54,462 54,462 
16 HARM MODS ................................................................................................................... ................................ 122,298 122,298 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 
17 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................... ............... 2,397 2,397 
18 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON .............................................................................................. ........... 39,932 39,932 
ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
19 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. .............. 57,641 61,309 
Classified Program ............................................................................................................. ............................. [3,668] 
TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
20 SSTD ........................................................................................................................ ........................................ 7,380 7,380 
21 MK–48 TORPEDO ............................................................................................................... .............................. 65,611 65,611 
22 ASW TARGETS ................................................................................................................. ................................ 6,912 6,912 
MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 
23 MK–54 TORPEDO MODS .......................................................................................................... ........................ 113,219 113,219 
24 MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS .................................................................................................... .................. 63,317 63,317 
25 QUICKSTRIKE MINE ............................................................................................................ ........................... 13,254 13,254 
SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
26 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ............... 67,701 67,701 
27 ASW RANGE SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ......................... 3,699 3,699 
DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 
28 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................ ........... 3,342 3,342 
GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
29 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ...................................................................................................... ................... 11,937 11,937 
MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 
30 CIWS MODS ................................................................................................................... .................................. 53,147 53,147 
31 COAST GUARD WEAPONS ......................................................................................................... ...................... 19,022 19,022 
32 GUN MOUNT MODS .............................................................................................................. ........................... 67,980 67,980 
33 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ..... 19,823 19,823 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4468 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
35 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ..................... 149,725 149,725 
TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ...................................................................................................... 3,154,154 3,202,822 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 
NAVY AMMUNITION 
1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ................... 101,238 101,238 
2 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ................ 67,289 67,289 
3 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... ................. 20,340 20,340 
4 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................... ............................ 40,365 40,365 
5 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ........................................................................................... ....... 49,377 49,377 
6 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ........ 59,651 59,651 
7 JATOS ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 2,806 2,806 
8 LRLAP 6 ″ LONG RANGE ATTACK PROJECTILE .............................................................................................. 11,59 6 11,596 
9 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION ..................................................................................................... ..................... 35,994 35,994 
10 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION ......................................................................................... ..... 36,715 36,715 
11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... ................. 45,483 45,483 
12 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................. ......... 52,080 52,080 
13 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION .................................................................................................. ............... 10,809 10,809 
14 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................. ............. 4,469 4,469 
MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 
15 SMALL ARMS AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... ................... 46,848 46,848 
16 LINEAR CHARGES, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................... .................... 350 350 
17 40 MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .............................. 500 500 
18 60MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................. .............................. 1,849 1,849 
19 81MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................. .............................. 1,000 1,000 
20 120MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ .............................. 13,867 13,867 
22 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ......................... 1,390 1,390 
23 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... .......................... 14,967 14,967 
24 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ......................... 45,219 45,219 
26 FUZE, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................. .............................. 29,335 29,335 
27 NON LETHALS ................................................................................................................. ................................ 3,868 3,868 
28 AMMO MODERNIZATION .......................................................................................................... ...................... 15,117 15,117 
29 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ..................... 11,219 11,219 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ............................................................................................ 723,741 723,741 
SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY 
OTHER WARSHIPS 
1 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ........... 1,634,701 1,634,701 
2 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM (AP) ............................................................................................. ........ 874,658 874,658 
3 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ..................................................................................................... ................... 3,346,370 3,346,370 
4 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE (AP) ................................................................................................ ................ 1,993,740 2,793,740 
Accelerate shipbuilding funding ................................................................................................ ...................... [800,000] 
5 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS ...................................................................................................... ................. 678,274 678,274 
6 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS (AP) ................................................................................................. .............. 14,951 14,951 
7 DDG 1000 ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 433,404 433,404 
8 DDG–51 ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 3,149,703 3,549,703 
Incremental funding for one DDG–51 ............................................................................................. .................. [400,000] 
10 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ........................................................................................................ ....................... 1,356,991 1,356,991 
AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 
12 LPD–17 ...................................................................................................................... ....................................... 550,000 550,000 
13 AFLOAT FORWARD STAGING BASE ................................................................................................. .............. 0 97,000 
Accelerate shipbuilding funding ................................................................................................ ...................... [97,000] 
15 LHA REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................................. .......................... 277,543 476,543 
Accelerate LHA–8 advanced procurement .......................................................................................... ............... [199,000] 
XX LX (R) AP ................................................................................................................... ...................................... 0 51,000 
Accelerate LX (R) .............................................................................................................. ............................. [51,000] 
XXX LCU Replacement ............................................................................................................ .................................. 0 34,000 
Accelerate LCU replacement ..................................................................................................... ....................... [34,000] 
AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 
17 TAO FLEET OILER ............................................................................................................. ............................. 674,190 674,190 
19 MOORED TRAINING SHIP (AP) ................................................................................................... .................... 138,200 138,200 
20 OUTFITTING .................................................................................................................. ................................. 697,207 697,207 
21 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR ..................................................................................................... .................... 255,630 255,630 
22 SERVICE CRAFT ............................................................................................................... ............................... 30,014 30,014 
23 LCAC SLEP ................................................................................................................... ................................... 80,738 80,738 
24 YP CRAFT MAINTENANCE/ROH/SLEP ............................................................................................... .............. 21,838 21,838 
25 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... ... 389,305 389,305 
XX T-ATS(X) Fleet Tug .......................................................................................................... ................................. 0 75,000 
Accelerate T-ATS(X) ............................................................................................................ ........................... [75,000] 
TOTAL SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY ........................................................................................ 16,597,457 18,253,457 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 
1 LM–2500 GAS TURBINE .......................................................................................................... .......................... 4,881 4,881 
2 ALLISON 501K GAS TURBINE ..................................................................................................... ..................... 5,814 5,814 
3 HYBRID ELECTRIC DRIVE (HED) .................................................................................................. ................. 32,906 32,906 
GENERATORS 
4 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ....................................................................................................... ................ 36,860 36,860 
NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4469 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
5 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... .............. 87,481 87,481 
PERISCOPES 
6 SUB PERISCOPES & IMAGING EQUIP ............................................................................................... .............. 63,109 63,109 
OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 
7 DDG MOD ...................................................................................................................... .................................. 364,157 424,157 
Restore additional DDG BMD modernization (CNO UPL) ............................................................................. .... [60,000] 
8 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ................... 16,089 16,089 
9 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD .............................................................................................. ..... 2,255 2,255 
10 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE ............................................................................................................. ............................. 28,571 28,571 
11 LCC 19/20 EXTENDED SERVICE LIFE PROGRAM ..................................................................................... ....... 12,313 12,313 
12 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 16,609 16,609 
13 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 10,498 10,498 
14 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ........... 35,747 35,747 
15 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................ 48,399 48,399 
16 SUBMARINE BATTERIES ......................................................................................................... ....................... 23,072 23,072 
17 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............... 55,283 55,283 
18 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................................................................................ ......... 18,563 18,563 
19 DSSP EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................. ............................. 7,376 7,376 
21 LCAC ........................................................................................................................ ........................................ 20,965 20,965 
22 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... ............... 51,652 51,652 
23 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ..................... 102,498 102,498 
24 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS .................................................................................................. .............. 3,027 3,027 
25 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................... ............. 7,399 7,399 
REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 
27 REACTOR COMPONENTS .......................................................................................................... ...................... 296,095 296,095 
OCEAN ENGINEERING 
28 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .............. 15,982 15,982 
SMALL BOATS 
29 STANDARD BOATS .............................................................................................................. ............................ 29,982 29,982 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
30 OTHER SHIPS TRAINING EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ............. 66,538 66,538 
PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 
31 OPERATING FORCES IPE ........................................................................................................ ........................ 71,138 71,138 
OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 
32 NUCLEAR ALTERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ....................... 132,625 132,625 
33 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ... 23,500 23,500 
34 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... ................... 85,151 29,351 
Procurement in excess of need ahead of satisfactory testing .................................................................... .......... [–55,800] 
35 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... .................... 35,228 35,228 
36 REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) ............................................................................................. ........... 87,627 22,027 
Procurement in excess of need ahead of satisfactory testing .................................................................... .......... [–65,600] 
LOGISTIC SUPPORT 
37 LSD MIDLIFE ................................................................................................................. ................................. 2,774 2,774 
SHIP SONARS 
38 SPQ–9B RADAR ................................................................................................................ ................................ 20,551 20,551 
39 AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ............ 103,241 103,241 
40 SSN ACOUSTICS ............................................................................................................... ................................ 214,835 234,835 
Towed Array-unfunded requirement ............................................................................................... ................. [20,000] 
41 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... .... 7,331 7,331 
42 SONAR SWITCHES AND TRANSDUCERS .............................................................................................. ........... 11,781 11,781 
ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
44 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ....... 21,119 21,119 
45 SSTD ........................................................................................................................ ........................................ 8,396 8,396 
46 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ................. 146,968 146,968 
47 SURTASS ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 12,953 12,953 
48 MARITIME PATROL AND RECONNSAISANCE FORCE .................................................................................... 13,725 13,725 
ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 
49 AN/SLQ–32 ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 324,726 352,726 
SEWIP Block II unfunded requirement ............................................................................................ ................ [28,000] 
RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 
50 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ........................................................................................................ ....................... 148,221 148,221 
51 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) ....................................................................................... ....... 152 152 
SUBMARINE SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT 
52 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT PROG ............................................................................................ ........ 79,954 79,954 
OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
53 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY ........................................................................................... ....... 25,695 25,695 
54 TRUSTED INFORMATION SYSTEM (TIS) ............................................................................................ ............ 284 284 
55 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) ........................................................................... 14,4 16 14,416 
56 ATDLS ....................................................................................................................... ....................................... 23,069 23,069 
57 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) ...................................................................................... .. 4,054 4,054 
58 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................. ........ 21,014 21,014 
59 SHALLOW WATER MCM ........................................................................................................... ....................... 18,077 18,077 
60 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) ............................................................................................... ................ 12,359 12,359 
61 AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE ........................................................................................ ....... 4,240 4,240 
62 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................................................................................ ......... 17,440 17,440 
TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
63 OTHER TRAINING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... .................. 41,314 41,314 
AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
64 MATCALS ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 10,011 10,011 
65 SHIPBOARD AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ............................................................................................... .............. 9,346 9,346 
66 AUTOMATIC CARRIER LANDING SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ......... 21,281 21,281 
67 NATIONAL AIR SPACE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... ................... 25,621 25,621 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4470 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
68 FLEET AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEMS ........................................................................................... .......... 8,249 8,249 
69 LANDING SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................. ............................ 14,715 14,715 
70 ID SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................. .................................. 29,676 29,676 
71 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ............. 13,737 13,737 
OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 
72 DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND & CONTROL .......................................................................................... ..... 1,314 1,314 
74 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. .................. 13,600 13,600 
75 DCGS-N ...................................................................................................................... ...................................... 31,809 31,809 
76 CANES ....................................................................................................................... ....................................... 278,991 278,991 
77 RADIAC ...................................................................................................................... ...................................... 8,294 8,294 
78 CANES-INTELL ................................................................................................................ ................................ 28,695 28,695 
79 GPETE ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 6,962 6,962 
80 MASF ........................................................................................................................ ....................................... 290 290 
81 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY ........................................................................................... ........... 14,419 14,419 
82 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION ................................................................................................. .............. 4,175 4,175 
83 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ..................... 44,176 44,176 
SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 
84 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................................... ....... 8,722 8,722 
85 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. .......... 108,477 108,477 
86 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M .............................................................................................. ........... 16,613 16,613 
SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 
87 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT ................................................................................................. ............. 20,691 20,691 
88 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ..... 60,945 60,945 
SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
89 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ......... 30,892 30,892 
90 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) ............................................................................................... ............ 118,113 118,113 
SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 
91 JCS COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............. 4,591 4,591 
92 ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... .................. 1,403 1,403 
CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 
93 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ........................................................................................ ......... 135,687 135,687 
94 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ................................................................................................. ................ 970 970 
CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 
95 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ........ 11,433 11,433 
OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 
96 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... .................... 2,529 2,529 
SONOBUOYS 
97 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ..................... 168,763 168,763 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
98 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ........ 46,979 46,979 
100 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................ 123,884 123,884 
103 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ................ 15,090 15,090 
104 DCRS/DPL ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 638 638 
106 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES .............................................................................................. ........... 14,098 14,098 
111 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................. 49,773 49,773 
SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 
112 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .................. 5,300 5,300 
SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 
115 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ............... 298,738 298,738 
120 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 71,245 71,245 
FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
123 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............... 240,694 240,694 
ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
124 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ................ 96,040 96,040 
125 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ..................... 30,189 30,189 
OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
129 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... .......... 22,623 22,623 
130 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ...................... 9,906 9,906 
OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 
134 TRAINING DEVICE MODS ....................................................................................................... ........................ 99,707 99,707 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
135 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ................. 2,252 2,252 
136 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... .................... 2,191 2,191 
137 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP ........................................................................................... .......... 2,164 2,164 
138 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ..................... 14,705 14,705 
139 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... ............................ 2,497 2,497 
140 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ...................... 12,517 12,517 
141 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .............. 3,018 3,018 
142 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION ..................................................................................................... ........................ 14,403 14,403 
143 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................. ................... 1,186 1,186 
SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
144 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............. 18,805 18,805 
145 OTHER SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ........... 10,469 10,469 
146 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... ............ 5,720 5,720 
147 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. .............. 211,714 211,714 
TRAINING DEVICES 
148 TRAINING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................. 7,468 7,468 
COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
149 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. .............. 36,433 36,433 
150 EDUCATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .............. 3,180 3,180 
151 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................. 4,790 4,790 
153 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............... 4,608 4,608 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4471 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
154 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... ....... 5,655 5,655 
155 C4ISR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ .............................. 9,929 9,929 
156 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ......... 26,795 26,795 
157 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ................ 88,453 88,453 
159 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... ........ 99,094 99,094 
OTHER 
160 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ......................................................................................... .......... 99,014 99,014 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
160 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 21,439 21,439 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
161 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ...................... 328,043 328,043 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY .......................................................................................................... 6,614,715 6,601,315 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 
1 AAV7A1 PIP ................................................................................................................... .................................. 26,744 26,744 
2 LAV PIP ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 54,879 54,879 
ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 
3 EXPEDITIONARY FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ........ 2,652 2,652 
4 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ............................................................................................. ....... 7,482 7,482 
5 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM ........................................................................................ .... 17,181 17,181 
6 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION .............................................................................. 8,2 24 8,224 
OTHER SUPPORT 
7 MODIFICATION KITS ............................................................................................................ .......................... 14,467 14,467 
8 WEAPONS ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ......... 488 488 
GUIDED MISSILES 
9 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE ..................................................................................................... ................. 7,565 7,565 
10 JAVELIN ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 1,091 1,091 
11 FOLLOW ON TO SMAW ........................................................................................................... ........................ 4,872 4,872 
12 ANTI-ARMOR WEAPONS SYSTEM-HEAVY (AAWS-H) .................................................................................... . 668 668 
OTHER SUPPORT 
13 MODIFICATION KITS ........................................................................................................... ........................... 12,495 152,495 
Additional missiles ............................................................................................................ .............................. [140,000] 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 
14 UNIT OPERATIONS CENTER ...................................................................................................... ..................... 13,109 13,109 
15 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C ........................................................................ 35,147 35,147 
REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 
16 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... .................. 21,210 21,210 
OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 
17 COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ....................................................................................................... .................... 792 792 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 
19 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ........................................................................................ .......... 3,642 3,642 
20 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... .................... 3,520 3,520 
RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
21 RADAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... ............................. 35,118 35,118 
22 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ..................................................................................... ..... 130,661 98,546 
Not meeting performance reqs reduce until technology is refined ................................................................ ....... [–32,115] 
23 RQ–21 UAS ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 84,916 84,916 
INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
24 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ........................ 9,136 9,136 
25 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. ........... 29,936 29,936 
28 DCGS-MC ..................................................................................................................... .................................... 1,947 1,947 
OTHER COMM/ELEC EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
31 NIGHT VISION EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ...................... 2,018 2,018 
OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 
32 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) ................................................................................... 67,295 67,295 
33 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES ................................................................................................... ............. 43,101 43,101 
34 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ..................... 29,255 29,255 
35 RADIO SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... .............................. 80,584 80,584 
36 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ......... 66,123 66,123 
37 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ...... 79,486 79,486 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
37 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 2,803 2,803 
ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 
38 COMMERCIAL PASSENGER VEHICLES ............................................................................................... ............ 3,538 3,538 
39 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ................ 22,806 22,806 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
41 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................... ........... 7,743 7,743 
43 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ ................. 79,429 79,429 
44 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS ................................................................................................. ................. 3,157 3,157 
OTHER SUPPORT 
45 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ..................... 6,938 6,938 
ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 
46 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT .......................................................................................... ...... 94 94 
47 BULK LIQUID EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ..................... 896 896 
48 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 136 136 
49 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED .................................................................................................... ................ 10,792 10,792 
50 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............ 3,235 3,235 
51 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ................................ 7,666 7,666 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
52 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............... 33,145 33,145 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4472 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
53 GARRISON MOBILE ENGINEER EQUIPMENT (GMEE) ................................................................................... . 1,419 1,419 
GENERAL PROPERTY 
57 TRAINING DEVICES ............................................................................................................ ............................ 24,163 24,163 
58 CONTAINER FAMILY ............................................................................................................ .......................... 962 962 
59 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ........ 6,545 6,545 
60 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEH (ITV) ............................................................................... 7 ,533 7,533 
OTHER SUPPORT 
62 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ..................... 4,322 4,322 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
63 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ..................... 8,292 8,292 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ...................................................................................................... 1,131,418 1,239,303 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
TACTICAL FORCES 
1 F–35 ......................................................................................................................... ......................................... 5,260,212 5,161,112 
Efficiencies and excess cost growth ............................................................................................ ...................... [–99,100] 
2 F–35 (AP) .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 460,260 460,260 
TACTICAL AIRLIFT 
3 KC–46A TANKER ................................................................................................................ .............................. 2,350,601 2,326,601 
FY15 excess to need by $24 million due to program delays ....................................................................... .......... [–24,000] 
OTHER AIRLIFT 
4 C–130J ....................................................................................................................... ........................................ 889,154 889,154 
5 C–130J (AP) .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 50,000 50,000 
6 HC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ...................................... 463,934 463,934 
7 HC–130J (AP) ................................................................................................................. ................................... 30,000 30,000 
8 MC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ...................................... 828,472 828,472 
9 MC–130J (AP) ................................................................................................................. ................................... 60,000 60,000 
MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 
11 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C ........................................................................................................ ........................... 2,617 2,617 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
12 TARGET DRONES ............................................................................................................... ............................. 132,028 132,028 
14 RQ–4 ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 37,800 37,800 
15 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................ 552,528 1,032,528 
Accelerating procurement schedule to meet CCDR demand .......................................................................... ...... [480,000] 
STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 
17 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 32,458 32,458 
18 B–1B ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 114,119 114,119 
19 B–52 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 148,987 148,987 
20 LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................................... 84,335 84,335 
TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 
22 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 464,367 713,671 
EPAWSS upgrade ................................................................................................................. .......................... [11,600] 
F–15C AESA radars .............................................................................................................. .......................... [48,000] 
F–15D AESA radars .............................................................................................................. .......................... [192,500] 
ADCP II upgrades ............................................................................................................... ........................... [10,000] 
F–15C MIDS JTRS transfer to RDT&E .............................................................................................. ............... [–6,387] 
F–15E MIDS JTRS transfer to RDT&E .............................................................................................. ............... [–6,409] 
23 F–16 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 17,134 17,134 
24 F–22A ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 126,152 126,152 
25 F–35 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................... ........................... 70,167 70,167 
26 INCREMENT 3.2B .............................................................................................................. ............................... 69,325 69,325 
AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 
28 C–5 ......................................................................................................................... .......................................... 5,604 5,604 
30 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 46,997 46,997 
31 C–21 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 10,162 10,162 
32 C–32A ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 44,464 44,464 
33 C–37A ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 10,861 10,861 
TRAINER AIRCRAFT 
34 GLIDER MODS ................................................................................................................. ................................ 134 134 
35 T–6 ......................................................................................................................... .......................................... 17,968 17,968 
36 T–1 ......................................................................................................................... .......................................... 23,706 23,706 
37 T–38 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 30,604 30,604 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
38 U–2 MODS .................................................................................................................... .................................... 22,095 22,095 
39 KC–10A (ATCA) ............................................................................................................... .................................. 5,611 5,611 
40 C–12 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 1,980 1,980 
42 VC–25A MOD .................................................................................................................. .................................. 98,231 98,231 
43 C–40 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 13,171 13,171 
44 C–130 ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 7,048 130,248 
C–130H Electronic Prop Control System – UPL .................................................................................... ............. [13,500] 
C–130H In-flight Prop Balancing System – UPL ................................................................................... ............ [1,500] 
C–130H T–56 3.5 Engine Mods .................................................................................................... ...................... [33,200] 
Funds added to comply with Sec 134, FY15 NDAA .................................................................................. .......... [75,000] 
45 C–130J MODS ................................................................................................................. ................................... 29,713 29,713 
46 C–135 ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 49,043 49,043 
47 COMPASS CALL MODS ........................................................................................................... ......................... 68,415 97,115 
Modification for restored EC–130H .............................................................................................. ..................... [28,700] 
48 RC–135 ...................................................................................................................... ........................................ 156,165 156,165 
49 E–3 ......................................................................................................................... .......................................... 13,178 13,178 
50 E–4 ......................................................................................................................... .......................................... 23,937 23,937 
51 E–8 ......................................................................................................................... .......................................... 18,001 18,001 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4473 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
52 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ..... 183,308 183,308 
53 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................... ... 44,163 44,163 
54 H–1 ......................................................................................................................... .......................................... 6,291 6,291 
55 UH–1N REPLACEMENT ........................................................................................................... ......................... 2,456 2,456 
56 H–60 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 45,731 45,731 
57 RQ–4 MODS ................................................................................................................... ................................... 50,022 50,022 
58 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... ...................... 21,660 21,660 
59 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................. 117,767 115,521 
C2ISR TDL transfer to COMSEC equipment ......................................................................................... ............ [–2,246] 
60 MQ–1 MODS ................................................................................................................... .................................. 3,173 3,173 
61 MQ–9 MODS ................................................................................................................... .................................. 115,226 115,226 
63 CV–22 MODS .................................................................................................................. ................................... 58,828 58,828 
AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
64 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ................... 656,242 656,242 
COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
65 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP .......................................................................................... ...... 33,716 33,716 
POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 
67 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 38,837 38,837 
68 B–52 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 5,911 5,911 
69 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 30,108 30,108 
70 CV–22 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT ............................................................................................... .............. 3,353 3,353 
71 C–135 ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 4,490 4,490 
72 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 3,225 3,225 
73 F–16 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 14,969 14,969 
74 F–22A ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 971 971 
76 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................ 5,000 5,000 
INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 
77 INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS ................................................................................................... .................. 18,802 18,802 
WAR CONSUMABLES 
78 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................. .......................... 156,465 156,465 
OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 
79 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ................ 1,052,814 1,111,900 
Transfer from RDT&E for NATO AWACS ............................................................................................. ........... [59,086] 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
79 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 42,503 42,503 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................ 15,657,769 16,472,713 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 
1 MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC ............................................................................................. ........... 94,040 94,040 
TACTICAL 
3 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ........................................................................................... .......... 440,578 440,578 
4 SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) .......................................................................................................... ......................... 200,777 200,777 
5 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... .................................. 390,112 390,112 
6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................... ................. 423,016 423,016 
7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .......................................................................................................... ..................... 133,697 133,697 
INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 
8 INDUSTR’L PREPAREDNS/POL PREVENTION .......................................................................................... ...... 397 397 
CLASS IV 
9 MM III MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................ 50,517 50,517 
10 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................................................................ ........................... 9,639 9,639 
11 AGM–88A HARM ................................................................................................................ ............................... 197 197 
12 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ............................................................................................ .............. 25,019 25,019 
MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
14 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ................... 48,523 48,523 
SPECIAL PROGRAMS 
28 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... .................. 276,562 276,562 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
28 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 893,971 893,971 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................... 2,987,045 2,987,045 
SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
SPACE PROGRAMS 
1 ADVANCED EHF ................................................................................................................. ............................. 333,366 333,366 
2 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES(SPACE) ......................................................................................... ...... 53,476 53,476 
3 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ........................................................................................................ ........................ 199,218 0 
GPS III SV10 early to need ..................................................................................................... ......................... [–199,218] 
4 SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) .................................................................................................... ................. 18,362 18,362 
5 GLOBAL POSITIONING (SPACE) ................................................................................................... .................. 66,135 66,135 
6 DEF METEOROLOGICAL SAT PROG(SPACE) ........................................................................................... ....... 89,351 0 
Cut DMSP #20 ................................................................................................................... ............................. [–89,351] 
7 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY ......................................................................................... .. 571,276 571,276 
8 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH(SPACE) ......................................................................................... ... 800,201 800,201 
9 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) ............................................................................................................ ............................. 452,676 452,676 
TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................. 2,584,061 2,295,492 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
ROCKETS 
1 ROCKETS ...................................................................................................................... ................................... 23,788 23,788 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4474 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
CARTRIDGES 
2 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................... ................................ 131,102 169,602 
Increase to match size of A–10 fleet ........................................................................................... ....................... [38,500] 
BOMBS 
3 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................... ............................ 89,759 89,759 
4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ................... 637,181 637,181 
5 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) ............................................................................................ ....... 39,690 39,690 
6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ................................................................................................. ............... 374,688 374,688 
OTHER ITEMS 
7 CAD/PAD ...................................................................................................................... .................................... 58,266 58,266 
8 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) ............................................................................................ ......... 5,612 5,612 
9 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ...................................................................................................... .................... 103 103 
10 MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................................... .............................. 1,102 1,102 
11 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ..................... 3,044 3,044 
FLARES 
12 FLARES ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 120,935 120,935 
FUZES 
13 FUZES ....................................................................................................................... ....................................... 213,476 213,476 
SMALL ARMS 
14 SMALL ARMS .................................................................................................................. ................................ 60,097 60,097 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ................................................................................ 1,758,843 1,797,343 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 
1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ............... 8,834 8,834 
CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 
2 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE ...................................................................................................... .................. 58,160 58,160 
3 CAP VEHICLES ................................................................................................................. ............................... 977 977 
4 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... .................... 12,483 12,483 
SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 
5 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................... ............. 4,728 4,728 
6 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... .................... 4,662 4,662 
FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 
7 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ......... 10,419 10,419 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
8 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... .................... 23,320 23,320 
BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 
9 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV & CLEANING EQUIP ........................................................................................... ..... 6,215 6,215 
10 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ..................... 87,781 87,781 
COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 
11 COMSEC EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ......................... 136,998 139,244 
Transfer for Link 16 upgrades .................................................................................................. ....................... [2,246] 
12 MODIFICATIONS (COMSEC) ...................................................................................................... ...................... 677 677 
INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 
13 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ........... 4,041 4,041 
14 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 22,573 22,573 
15 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... .................... 14,456 14,456 
ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 
16 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS ........................................................................................... ............ 31,823 31,823 
17 NATIONAL AIRSPACE SYSTEM .................................................................................................... ................... 5,833 5,833 
18 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED ................................................................................................. ............. 1,687 1,687 
19 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMENTS ........................................................................................ ..... 22,710 22,710 
20 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST ................................................................................................ ............ 21,561 21,561 
21 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL ............................................................................................... .......... 286,980 286,980 
22 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX ................................................................................................... .............. 36,186 36,186 
24 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN & ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) ............................................................................. 9, 597 9,597 
SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 
25 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ......... 27,403 27,403 
26 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS ............................................................................................. ......... 7,212 7,212 
27 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ................................................................................................ ........... 11,062 30,962 
Additional battlefield air operations kits to meet need ........................................................................ .............. [19,900] 
28 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM .......................................................................................... .......... 131,269 131,269 
29 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ...................................................................................................... .................... 33,606 33,606 
30 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N .......................................................................................... ..... 5,232 5,232 
31 C3 COUNTERMEASURES .......................................................................................................... ....................... 7,453 7,453 
32 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ...... 3,976 3,976 
33 GCSS-AF FOS ................................................................................................................. .................................. 25,515 25,515 
34 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING AND MGMT SYSTEM ......................................................................... 9,255 9,255 
35 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ................................................................................................ .............. 7,523 7,523 
36 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CTR-WPN SYS .......................................................................................... ........... 12,043 12,043 
37 AIR OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) 10.2 ............................................................................................ ................ 24,246 24,246 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 
38 INFORMATION TRANSPORT SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ............ 74,621 74,621 
39 AFNET ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 103,748 86,748 
Restructure program ............................................................................................................ ........................... [–17,000] 
41 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ................................................................................. 5,199 5,199 
42 USCENTCOM ................................................................................................................... ................................. 15,780 15,780 
SPACE PROGRAMS 
43 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................... ... 79,592 79,592 
44 SPACE BASED IR SENSOR PGM SPACE ............................................................................................. .............. 90,190 90,190 
45 NAVSTAR GPS SPACE ........................................................................................................... ........................... 2,029 2,029 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4475 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
46 NUDET DETECTION SYS SPACE ................................................................................................... .................. 5,095 5,095 
47 AF SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK SPACE .......................................................................................... ....... 76,673 76,673 
48 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE ................................................................................................ ............... 113,275 113,275 
49 MILSATCOM SPACE ............................................................................................................. ........................... 35,495 35,495 
50 SPACE MODS SPACE ............................................................................................................ ........................... 23,435 23,435 
51 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ...................... 43,065 43,065 
ORGANIZATION AND BASE 
52 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ...................... 77,538 113,538 
Increase JTAC training and rehearsal simulators per AF unfunded priority list ................................................. [ 36,000] 
54 RADIO EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ........................... 8,400 8,400 
55 CCTV/AUDIOVISUAL EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................ 6,144 6,144 
56 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE .................................................................................................... ................ 77,010 77,010 
MODIFICATIONS 
57 COMM ELECT MODS ............................................................................................................. .......................... 71,800 71,800 
PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 
58 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES ........................................................................................................ ........................ 2,370 2,370 
59 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ..................... 79,623 79,623 
DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 
60 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP .......................................................................................... ...... 7,249 7,249 
BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
61 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... .................. 9,095 9,095 
62 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............ 17,866 17,866 
64 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................... ........................ 61,850 61,850 
65 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ..................... 30,477 30,477 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 
67 DARP RC135 .................................................................................................................. ................................... 25,072 25,072 
68 DCGS-AF ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 183,021 183,021 
70 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ................... 629,371 629,371 
71 DEFENSE SPACE RECONNAISSANCE PROG. .......................................................................................... ......... 100,663 100,663 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
71 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 15,038,333 15,038,333 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
73 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ..................... 59,863 59,863 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................................. 18,272,438 18,313,584 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCAA 
1 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... .................... 1,488 1,488 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCMA 
2 MAJOR EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................. ......................... 2,494 2,494 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 
3 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... ................ 9,341 9,341 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 
7 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ................................................................................................. ............. 8,080 18,080 
Sharkseer increase ............................................................................................................. ............................. [10,000] 
8 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. ........................ 62,789 62,789 
9 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... .................... 9,399 9,399 
10 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ...................................................................................... ......... 1,819 1,819 
11 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK .......................................................................................... ..... 141,298 141,298 
12 CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ................................................................................................... .................... 12,732 12,732 
13 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ....... 64,098 64,098 
14 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ................................................................................................ ............... 617,910 617,910 
15 JOINT INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT ............................................................................................... ............ 84,400 84,400 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 
16 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. .......................... 5,644 5,644 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 
17 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. .......................... 11,208 11,208 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 
18 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS ................................................................................. 1 ,298 1,298 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 
20 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. .......................... 1,048 1,048 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 
21 VEHICLES .................................................................................................................... .................................... 100 100 
22 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... .................... 5,474 5,474 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 
23 THAAD ....................................................................................................................... ...................................... 464,067 464,067 
24 AEGIS BMD ................................................................................................................... ................................... 558,916 706,681 
Increase SM–3 Block IB purchase ................................................................................................ .................... [117,880] 
Increase SM–3 Block IB canisters ............................................................................................... ..................... [2,565] 
Undifferentiated Block IB test and evaluation costs ............................................................................ ............. [27,320] 
25 AEGIS BMD (AP) .............................................................................................................. ................................ 147,765 0 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ................................ [–147,765] 
26 BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 78,634 78,634 
27 AEGIS ASHORE PHASE III ...................................................................................................... ......................... 30,587 30,587 
28 IRON DOME ................................................................................................................... .................................. 55,000 41,100 
Request excess of requirement .................................................................................................. ........................ [–13,900] 
XX DAVIDS SLING ................................................................................................................ ................................. 0 150,000 
Increase for David’s Sling co-production ....................................................................................... ................... [150,000] 
XXX ARROW 3 .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 0 15,000 
Increase for Arrow 3 co-production ............................................................................................. ..................... [15,000] 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4476 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
35 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ................................................................................. 37,177 37,177 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 
36 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD ........................................................................................................ ....................... 46,939 46,939 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 
38 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 13,027 13,027 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 
40 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS ........................................................................................................ ...................... 27,859 27,859 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
40 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 617,757 617,757 
AVIATION PROGRAMS 
41 MC–12 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................ 63,170 0 
SOCOM requested realignment .................................................................................................... .................... [–63,170] 
42 ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ........................................................................................ .... 135,985 135,985 
44 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ..................... 61,275 61,275 
45 U–28 ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 0 63,170 
SOCOM requested realignment .................................................................................................... .................... [63,170] 
47 RQ–11 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ............................................................................................... .............. 20,087 20,087 
48 CV–22 MODIFICATION .......................................................................................................... ........................... 18,832 18,832 
49 MQ–1 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ .............. 1,934 1,934 
50 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ .............. 11,726 21,726 
MQ–9 capability enhancements ................................................................................................... .................... [10,000] 
51 STUASL0 ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 1,514 1,514 
52 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE .................................................................................................... .................... 204,105 204,105 
53 AC/MC–130J .................................................................................................................. .................................... 61,368 61,368 
54 C–130 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................... 66,861 31,412 
C–130 TF/TA adjustments ........................................................................................................ ........................ [–35,449] 
SHIPBUILDING 
55 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS .......................................................................................................... ...................... 32,521 32,521 
AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
56 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ......................................................................................................... ........................ 174,734 174,734 
OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
57 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ....................... 93,009 93,009 
58 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 14, 964 14,964 
59 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ............................................................................................................ ............................ 79,149 79,149 
60 COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... .................. 33,362 33,362 
61 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ .......................... 143,533 143,533 
62 TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................................... ........................... 73,520 73,520 
63 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ ....................... 186,009 186,009 
64 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................. .............. 19,693 19,693 
65 GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ....... 3,967 3,967 
66 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ....................................................................................... .. 19,225 19,225 
68 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .................................................................................................... ............... 213,252 213,252 
CBDP 
74 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS ................................................................................... 141,223 141,223 
75 CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION ........................................................................................... ......... 137,487 137,487 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
XX USCC CYBER CAPABILITIES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 0 75,000 
Cyber capabilities ............................................................................................................. .............................. [75,000] 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ...................................................................................................... 5,130,853 5,341,504 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 
JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 
1 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .......................................................................................... ...... 99,701 99,701 
TOTAL JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .................................................................................. 99,701 99,701 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT ............................................................................................................................... ...106,967,393 111,847,577 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CON-
TINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
FIXED WING 
3 AERIAL COMMON SENSOR (ACS) (MIP) ............................................................................................. ............... 99,500 99,500 
4 MQ–1 UAV ..................................................................................................................... ...................................... 16,537 16,537 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
16 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) .......................................................................................................... .............................. 8,700 8,700 
23 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ......................................................................................................... ............................ 32,000 32,000 
31 RQ–7 UAV MODS ............................................................................................................... .................................. 8,250 8,250 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ........................................................................................................ 164,987 164,987 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4477 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
3 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... ........................ 37,260 37,260 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY ........................................................................................................... 37,260 37,260 
PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY 
WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 
16 MORTAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. ............................... 7,030 7,030 
21 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ................................................................................... 1 9,000 19,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ....................................................................................................... 26,030 26,030 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................. 4,000 4,000 
MORTAR AMMUNITION 
8 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ....................... 11,700 11,700 
9 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ....................... 4,000 4,000 
10 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ........................ 7,000 7,000 
ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 
12 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................... .... 5,000 5,000 
13 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ........... 10,000 10,000 
15 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ............................................................................... . 2,000 2,000 
ROCKETS 
17 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ...................... 136,340 136,340 
OTHER AMMUNITION 
19 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. ................ 4,000 4,000 
21 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... ............................... 8,000 8,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ............................................................................................ 192,040 192,040 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY 
TACTICAL VEHICLES 
5 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ......................................................................................... ......... 243,998 243,998 
9 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV .................................................................................. 223,276 223,276 
11 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ................................................................................................ .................... 130,000 130,000 
12 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS ................................................................................. 393,100 393,100 
COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 
21 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ......................................................................... 5,724 5,724 
COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 
51 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM .............................................................................. 29 ,500 29,500 
ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 
57 DCGS-A (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ..................................... 54,140 54,140 
59 TROJAN (MIP) ................................................................................................................ .................................... 6,542 6,542 
61 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) .................................................................................... ...... 3,860 3,860 
ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 
68 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE ............................................................................... .. 14,847 14,847 
69 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................. 19, 535 19,535 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 
84 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................. ............... 2,601 2,601 
ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
87 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ...................................................................................................... .......................... 48 48 
94 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) ............................................................................................... ............... 252 252 
ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 
101 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ .............. 652 652 
CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 
111 BASE DEFENSE SYSTEMS (BDS) ................................................................................................. ....................... 4,035 4,035 
COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
131 FORCE PROVIDER ............................................................................................................. ................................ 53,800 53,800 
133 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ............................................................................. 7 00 700 
MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
159 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ ............................ 10,486 10,486 
OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
169 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. ..... 8,500 8,500 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................. 1,205,596 1,205,596 
JOINT IMPR EXPLOSIVE DEV DEFEAT FUND 
FORCE TRAINING 
3 TRAIN THE FORCE .............................................................................................................. ............................... 7,850 7,850 
JIEDDO DEVICE DEFEAT 
2 DEFEAT THE DEVICE ............................................................................................................ ............................ 77,600 77,600 
NETWORK ATTACK 
1 ATTACK THE NETWORK ........................................................................................................... ......................... 219,550 215,086 
Adjustment due to low execution in prior years ................................................................................. .................. [–4,464] 
STAFF AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
4 OPERATIONS ................................................................................................................... ................................... 188,271 144,464 
Maintain prior year funding level .............................................................................................. ........................ [–43,807] 
TOTAL JOINT IMPR EXPLOSIVE DEV DEFEAT FUND ...................................................................................... 493,271 445,000 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4478 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
26 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................. .................................... 55,000 55,000 
MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 
30 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ...................................... 41,365 41,365 
32 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ....................................... 8,000 8,000 
37 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ...................................... 6,300 6,300 
47 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT .................................................................................................... ....................... 14,198 14,198 
51 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ...................... 72,700 72,700 
52 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES ..................................................................................................... ..................... 13,988 13,988 
59 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY ............................................................................................... ..................... 4,900 4,900 
AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 
65 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. .................. 943 943 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ........................................................................................................ 217,394 217,394 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
TACTICAL MISSILES 
10 LASER MAVERICK .............................................................................................................. ............................... 3,344 3,344 
TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ......................................................................................................... 3,344 3,344 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC 
NAVY AMMUNITION 
1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ...................... 9,715 9,715 
2 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ................... 11,108 11,108 
3 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... .................... 3,603 3,603 
6 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ........... 11,982 11,982 
11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... .................... 4,674 4,674 
12 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................. ............ 3,456 3,456 
13 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION .................................................................................................. .................. 1,989 1,989 
14 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................. ................ 4,674 4,674 
MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 
20 120MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................ ................................. 10,719 10,719 
23 ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... ............................. 3,993 3,993 
24 ARTILLERY, ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ............................ 67,200 67,200 
26 FUZE, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................................. ................................. 3,299 3,299 
25 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. ................ 518 518 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ............................................................................................... 136,930 136,930 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY 
CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
135 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ .................... 186 186 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
160 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... .......................... 12,000 12,000 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................. 12,186 12,186 
PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS 
GUIDED MISSILES 
10 JAVELIN ..................................................................................................................... ........................................ 7,679 7,679 
OTHER SUPPORT 
13 MODIFICATION KITS ........................................................................................................... .............................. 10,311 10,311 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 
14 UNIT OPERATIONS CENTER ...................................................................................................... ........................ 8,221 8,221 
OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 
18 MODIFICATION KITS ........................................................................................................... .............................. 3,600 3,600 
COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 
19 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ........................................................................................ ............. 8,693 8,693 
INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 
27 RQ–11 UAV ................................................................................................................... ....................................... 3,430 3,430 
MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 
52 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .................. 7,000 7,000 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ......................................................................................................... 48,934 48,934 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
15 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 13,500 13,500 
OTHER AIRCRAFT 
44 C–130 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................ 1,410 1,410 
56 H–60 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................. 39,300 39,300 
58 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... ......................... 5,690 5,690 
61 MQ–9 MODS ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 69,000 69,000 
TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ............................................................................................... 128,900 128,900 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
TACTICAL 
6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................... .................... 280,902 280,902 
7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .......................................................................................................... ........................ 2,520 2,520 
CLASS IV 
10 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................................................................ .............................. 5,720 5,720 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4479 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................. 289,142 289,142 
PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
CARTRIDGES 
2 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................... ................................... 8,371 8,371 
BOMBS 
4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ...................... 17,031 17,031 
6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ................................................................................................. .................. 184,412 184,412 
FLARES 
12 FLARES ...................................................................................................................... ........................................ 11,064 11,064 
FUZES 
13 FUZES ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 7,996 7,996 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ................................................................................... 228,874 228,874 
OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 
25 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ............ 3,953 3,953 
27 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ................................................................................................ .............. 2,000 2,000 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 
42 USCENTCOM ................................................................................................................... .................................... 10,000 10,000 
ORGANIZATION AND BASE 
52 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ......................... 4,065 4,065 
56 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE .................................................................................................... ................... 15,400 15,400 
PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 
58 NIGHT VISION GOGGLES ........................................................................................................ ........................... 3,580 3,580 
59 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ........................ 3,407 3,407 
BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
62 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............... 46,790 46,790 
64 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................... ........................... 400 400 
65 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ........................ 9,800 9,800 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 
71 DEFENSE SPACE RECONNAISSANCE PROG. .......................................................................................... ............ 28,070 28,070 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
71 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... .......................... 3,732,499 3,732,499 
TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................... 3,859,964 3,859,964 
PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 
8 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. ........................... 1,940 1,940 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 
40 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... .......................... 35,482 35,482 
AVIATION PROGRAMS 
41 MC–12 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................... 5,000 5,000 
AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
56 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ......................................................................................................... ........................... 35,299 35,299 
OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 
61 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................. 15,160 15,160 
63 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ .......................... 15,000 15,000 
68 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .................................................................................................... .................. 104,537 104,537 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ......................................................................................................... 212,418 212,418 
TOTAL PROCUREMENT ............................................................................................................................... ...... 7,257,270 7,208,999 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION. 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
1 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ................................................................ 13,018 13,01 8 
2 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ...... 239,118 279,118 
Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .. [40,000] 
3 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... .. 72,603 72,603 
4 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS .................................................................. 100,340 10 0,340 
SUBTOTAL, BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................... 425,079 465,079 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
5 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ......... 28,314 28,314 
6 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY ........................................................................... 38,37 4 38,374 
7 0602122A TRACTOR HIP ......................................................................................................... ..................... 6,879 6,879 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4480 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
8 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ........... 56,884 56,884 
9 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... 19 ,243 19,243 
10 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. .............. 45,053 45,053 
11 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ 29,428 29,428 
12 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION ................................................................................. 27 ,862 27,862 
13 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. 68,839 68,839  
14 0602618A BALLISTIAG TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. .......... 92,801 92,801 
15 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY .......................................... 3,866 3,866 16 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .................................................................................. 5 ,487 5,487 
17 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 48,3 40 48,340 
18 0602705A ELECTRONIAG AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES .............................................................................. 55, 301 55,301 
19 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ......... 33,807 33,807 
20 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ ........... 25,068 25,068 
21 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 23,681 2 3,681 
22 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. 20,85 0 20,850 
23 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................... 36,160 36,160 24 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. 12,65 6 12,656 
25 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 6 3,409 63,409 
26 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY .................................................................. 24,735 24,7 35 
27 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ........ 35,795 35,795 
28 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............ 76,853 76,853 
SUBTOTAL, APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................... 879,685 879,685 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
29 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. 46, 973 46,973 
30 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ . 69,584 69,584 
31 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... . 89,736 89,736 
32 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................ 57,663 57,663 33 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................... 113,071 113,071 34 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 5,554 5, 554 
35 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................... 12,636 12,636 37 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ....................................................................................................... .................... 7,502 7,502 
38 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ........................................................ 17,425 17,425 39 0603020A TRACTOR ROSE ....................................................................................................... .................... 11,912 11,912 
40 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...................................................... 27,520 27,520 41 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ....................................................................................................... ..................... 2,381 2,381 
42 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ....................................................................................................... .................... 2,431 2,431 
43 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... 2 6,874 26,874 
44 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................................................... 49,449 49 ,449 
45 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... .................... 10,999 10,999 
46 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ........................................... 177,159 167,159 
Encourage use of commercial technology ...................................................................................... [–1 0,000] 
47 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................ 13,993 13,993 48 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM .................................................................................. 5 ,105 5,105 
49 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 40 ,929 40,929 
50 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS .............................................. 10,727 10,727 51 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................... 20,145 20,14 5 
52 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY .............................. 38,163 38,163 53 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ........ 37,816 37,816 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 895,747 885,747 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
54 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................... 10,347 1 0,347 
55 0603308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... . 25,061 25,061 
56 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV ...................................................................... 49,636 49 ,636 
57 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS-ADV DEV ............................................... 13,426 13,426 58 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ............................................................................ 46,74 9 46,749 
60 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................. 6 ,258 6,258 
61 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV .................................................. 13,472 13,472 62 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 7,292 7,292 63 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL ............................................................ 8,813 8,813 65 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 6 ,075 6,075 
67 0603804A LOGISTIAG AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV ................................................................ 21,233 21,2 33 
68 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ............................................................................................ ....... 31,962 31,962 
69 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................... 22,194 22, 194 
71 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES ........................................................................................... ......... 9,805 9,805 
72 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................................................ 40 ,917 40,917 
73 0604120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) ....................................................... 30,058 30,05 8 
74 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT (IFPC2) ..................... 155,361 155,361 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................. 498,659 498,659 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
76 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONIAG .................................................................................................. ................ 12,939 12,939 
78 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 18 ,843 18,843 
79 0604280A JOINT TACTICAL RADIO ............................................................................................... .............. 9,861 9,861 
80 0604290A MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) .............................................................. 8,763 8,763  
81 0604321A ALL SOURCE ANALYSIS SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ...... 4,309 4,309 
82 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... .................... 15,138 15,138 
83 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS ........................................................................................... ...... 74,128 76,628 
Transfer from WTCV ............................................................................................................. ...... [2,500] 
85 0604611A JAVELIN ............................................................................................................ ........................... 3,945 3,945 
87 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ................................................................................................ .............. 10,076 10,076 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4481 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
88 0604641A TACTICAL UNMANNED GROUND VEHICLE (TUGV) ................................................................... 40,374 40 ,374 
89 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ....................................................................................... .... 67,582 67,582 
90 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT .................................................................... 1,763 1, 763 
91 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ............................................................................ 27,1 55 27,155 
92 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV ..................................... 24,569 24,569 93 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 23,364 23,364 94 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... 8,960 8,9 60 
95 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ................................................. 9,138 9,138 96 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE ............................................................... 21,622 21, 622 
97 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION ........................................................... 99,242 99,24 2 
98 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ...................................................................................... 21,379 21,379 
99 0604804A LOGISTIAG AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ................................................................. 48,339 48, 339 
100 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ............................................. 2,726 2,726 101 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ................... 45,412 45,412 102 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV ............................................................................... 55, 215 55,215 
104 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ..................................... 163,643 163,643 105 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ............. 12,309 12,309 
106 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ...................................................... 15,700 15,700  
107 0604823A FIREFINDER ........................................................................................................ ........................ 6,243 6,243 
108 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL .................................................................................. 1 8,776 18,776 
109 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ............................................................................................. ......... 1,953 1,953 
110 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 67,358 67,358 
111 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ................................................. 136,011 86,011 
Restructure program ............................................................................................................ ....... [–50,000] 
112 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ......................................................................... 230,2 10 230,210 
113 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) ............................................................................. 1 3,357 13,357 
114 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...................................................................................... ....... 18,055 18,055 
115 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ...................... 5,677 5,677 
116 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ................................................................. 77,570 101 ,570 
Army UPL for AH–64 ASE development ........................................................................................ [24,0 00] 
117 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................. 18, 112 78,112 
Army UPL for AH–64 ASE development ........................................................................................ [60,0 00] 
118 0605350A WIN-T INCREMENT 3—FULL NETWORKING ............................................................................... 39 ,700 39,700 
119 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) ........................................................................... 1 2,987 6,155 
Only for SALT program .......................................................................................................... .... [–6,832] 
120 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ... 88,866 88,866 
121 0605456A PAC–3/MSE MISSILE ................................................................................................. ................... 2,272 2,272 
122 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ...................................................... 214,099 214,0 99 
123 0605625A MANNED GROUND VEHICLE ............................................................................................. .......... 49,247 49,247 
124 0605626A AERIAL COMMON SENSOR .............................................................................................. ........... 2 2 
125 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) ........................................................................ 10, 599 10,599 
126 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOP-
MENT PH ........................................................................................................................ .......... 32,486 32,486 
127 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................. 8,8 80 8,880 
128 0210609A PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) ........................................................................... 152, 288 152,288 
129 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ...................... 5,022 5,022 
130 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 1 2,686 12,686 
SUBTOTAL, SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ...................................................... 2,068,950 2,098,618 
RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
131 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... . 20,035 20,035 
132 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .... 16,684 16,684 
133 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............ 62,580 62,580 
134 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................................................................................ ............. 20,853 20,853 
135 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .............................................................................................. ............ 205,145 205,145 
136 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM ............................................................................... 19, 430 19,430 
138 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ................................................................................... .... 277,646 277,646 
139 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS .................................................. 51,550 51,550 140 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS .................................................................................. .. 33,246 33,246 
141 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................................................................................
............ 4,760 4,760 
142 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES ............................................................. 8,303 8,303  
143 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ......................................................................................... ........ 20,403 20,403 
144 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ..................................................................................... .... 10,396 10,396 
145 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING .................................................................................... .. 49,337 49,337 
146 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................................................ ......... 52,694 52,694 
147 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG ................................................... 938 938 148 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................ .......... 60,319 60,319 
149 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES .................................................................................. .. 28,478 28,478 
150 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ............................................ 32,604 24,604 
Under execution of prior year funds ............................................................................................ . [–8,000] 
151 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT .................................................. 3,186 3,186 152 0605898A MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ........... 48,955 48,955 
SUBTOTAL, RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................... 1,027,542 1,019,542 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
154 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................. 18,39 7 18,397 
155 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ...................................................................................................... ..................... 9,461 9,461 
156 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................ 4,945 4,945 157 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... ................... 7,569 7,569 
158 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ......................................................................... 69,862 69,862 
159 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................. 66,653 66,65 3 
160 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ....................................................................... 37,407 3 7,407 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4482 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
161 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................. 1,151 1,15 1 
162 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM .................................................................................. 5 1,164 51,164 
163 0607140A EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES FROM NIE .................................................................................... . 2,481 2,481 
164 0607141A LOGISTIAG AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. ............ 1,673 1,673 
166 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRIAG .............................................................................................. ............. 13,237 13,237 
167 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................................... ... 105,816 105,816 
169 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE ....................................................................... 40,565  40,565 
171 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOAG) .......................... 35,719 35,719 172 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........................................................................ 257,167  297,167 
Stryker modification and improvement ......................................................................................... [4 0,000] 
173 0203740A MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ....... 15,445 15,445 
175 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................... 364 364 176 0203758A DIGITIZATION ...................................................................................................... ....................... 4,361 4,361 
177 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................. 3,154 3,154 178 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS .......................................................... 35,951 35,951 179 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................................... .................... 34,686 34,686 
180 0205402A INTEGRATED BASE DEFENSE—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV ................................................... 10,750 10,750 181 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... ... 402 402 
183 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ....................................................... 64,159 64,15 9 
184 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ......................................................... 17,527 17,527  
185 0208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ...................................................................................... ..... 20,515 20,515 
187 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................. 1 2,368 12,368 
188 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 31,154  31,154 
189 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .. 12,274 12,274 
190 0303142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) ............................................................................... 9, 355 9,355 
191 0303150A WWMCAG/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................... 7,053 7,053 193 0305179A INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ . 750 750 
194 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................ 1 3,225 13,225 
195 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 22,870 22,870 
196 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 25,592 25,59 2 
199 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 7,297 7,297 
201 0310349A WIN-T INCREMENT 2—INITIAL NETWORKING ........................................................................... 3,8 00 3,800 
202 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 48,442 48 ,442 
9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ............ 4,536 4,536 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 1,129,297 1,169,297 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ....................................................... 6,924,959 7,016,627 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
BASIC RESEARCH 
1 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... .. 116,196 116,196 
2 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ................................................................ 19,126 19,12 6 
3 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ...... 451,606 506,606 
Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .. [55,000] 
SUBTOTAL, BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................... 586,928 641,928 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
4 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................... 68,7 23 68,723 
5 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................................ 154 ,963 154,963 
6 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 49,001 49 ,001 
7 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................................. 42, 551 42,551 
8 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................. 45,056 45,0 56 
9 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................ 115,051 115, 051 
10 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................... 42,252 42,252 11 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................ 6,119 6,11 9 
12 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................................. 123, 750 142,350 
Accelerate undersea warfare research .......................................................................................... [ 18,600] 
13 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................... 179,686 17 9,686 
14 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................. 37,418 37,418 
SUBTOTAL, APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................... 864,570 883,170 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
15 0603114N POWER PROJECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 37,093 37 ,093 
16 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 38,044 38 ,044 
17 0603271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................... 34,899 34,899 18 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ...................................................... 137,562 137,562 19 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................... 12,745 12,745 20 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................... 258,860 248,860 
Capable manpower, enablers, and sea basing ............................................................................... [–10,0 00] 
21 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................ 57,074 57,074 
22 0603729N WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................... 4,807 4,807 23 0603747N UNDERSEA WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................... 13,748 13, 748 
24 0603758N NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS ................................................ 66,041 66,041 25 0603782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ......................................... 1,991 1,991 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 662,864 652,864 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
26 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... .. 41,832 41,832 
27 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................................. ........... 5,404 5,404 
28 0603237N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL ....................................................................... 3,086 3, 086 
29 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ................ 11,643 11,643 
30 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ...... 5,555 5,555 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4483 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
31 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE .................................................................................. 3 ,087 3,087 
32 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 1,636 1 ,636 
33 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ................................................. 118,588 118,588 34 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ....................................................................................... .... 77,385 77,385 
35 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ... 8,348 8,348 
36 0603525N PILOT FISH ......................................................................................................... ......................... 123,246 123,246 
37 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ...................................................................................................... .................. 28,819 28,819 
38 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER .................................................................................................... .................. 112,678 112,678 
39 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL ............................................................................................... .......... 710 710 
40 0603553N SURFACE ASW ........................................................................................................ ..................... 1,096 1,096 
41 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... 87,160 98,1 60 
Accelerate unmanned underwater vehicle development ................................................................. [11,000] 
42 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ............................................................................ 10,37 1 10,371 
43 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ....................................................................................... .... 11,888 11,888 
44 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ............................................................. 4,332 4,3 32 
45 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 48 2,040 482,040 
46 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ............................................................................ 25,90 4 25,904 
47 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ..................... 511,802 511,802 
48 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LAG) ......................................................................................... ........ 118,416 118,416 
49 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION .......................................................................................... ..... 35,901 35,901 
50 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT ................................................................................................... ............... 971,393 971,393 
51 0603596N LAG MISSION MODULES ................................................................................................ ............. 206,149 206,149 
52 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND RE-TEST (ATRT) .................................................................................. 8,000 8,000 
53 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................. ......... 7,678 7,678 
54 0603611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES ...................................................................................... ... 219,082 219,082 
55 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................. 623 623 56 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 18,260 18,260 57 0603658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT ............................................................................................. ....... 76,247 76,247 
58 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 4,520 4,520 59 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ........................................................................................... ..... 20,711 20,711 
60 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ................................................................................................ ........... 47,761 47,761 
61 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................................. .......... 5,226 5,226 
62 0603734N CHALK CORAL ........................................................................................................ ..................... 182,771 182,771 
63 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ......................................................................................... ....... 3,866 3,866 
64 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ...................................................................................................... .................. 360,065 360,065 
65 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ...................................................................................................... ................... 237,416 237,416 
66 0603751N RETRACT ELM ........................................................................................................ ..................... 37,944 37,944 
67 0603764N LINK EVERGREEN ..................................................................................................... .................. 47,312 47,312 
68 0603787N SPECIAL PROCESSES .................................................................................................. ................ 17,408 17,408 
69 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 9 ,359 9,359 
70 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ....... 887 887 
71 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING ................................................................................... 29,448 29,448 
72 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL ......................................... 91,479 91,479 73 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS ........................................................... 67,360 67,360  
74 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) ..................................... 48,105 127,205 
Full ship shock trials for CVN–78 .............................................................................................. ... [79,100] 
75 0604122N REMOTE MINEHUNTING SYSTEM (RMS) .................................................................................... 20,089 20,089 
76 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) ........................... 18,969 18,969 77 0604279N ASE SELF-PROTECTION OPTIMIZATION ................................................................................... 7,874 7,874 
78 0604292N MH-XX .............................................................................................................. ........................... 5,298 5,298 
79 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................. ............................. 46,486 75,486 
Accelerate LX (R) .............................................................................................................. ......... [29,000] 
80 0604653N JOINT COUNTER RADIO CONTROLLED IED ELECTRONIC WARFARE (JCREW) ....................... 3,817 3,817 81 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ....................................................... 9,595 9,595 82 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT ........... 29,581 29,581 83 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT ........................................... 285,849 285,849 84 0605812M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOP-
MENT PH ........................................................................................................................ .......... 36,656 36,656 
85 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ........................................................................................ . 9,835 9,835 
86 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ......................................................................... 580 580 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................. 5,024,626 5,143,726 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
87 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT ...........................................................................................
......... 21,708 21,708 
88 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. ....... 11,101 11,101 
89 0604214N AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ............................................................................................. .......... 39,878 39,878 
90 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................................. ........ 53,059 53,059 
91 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 21,358 21,358 92 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING .................................................................................... . 4,515 4,515 
93 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM .......................................................................................... ..... 1,514 1,514 
94 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................. ........ 5,875 5,875 
95 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ...... 81,553 81,553 
96 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE ................................................................................................... ............. 272,149 272,149 
97 0604245N H–1 UPGRADES ....................................................................................................... ..................... 27,235 27,235 
98 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ............................................................................................ ......... 35,763 35,763 
99 0604262N V–22A .............................................................................................................. .............................. 87,918 87,918 
100 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... ... 12,679 12,679 
101 0604269N EA–18 ............................................................................................................. ............................... 56,921 56,921 
102 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 2 3,685 23,685 
103 0604273N EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .... 507,093 507,093 
104 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ...................................................................................... ..... 411,767 411,767 
105 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ............................................................ 25,071 25, 071 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4484 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
106 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING ........................................................ 443,433 443,433  
107 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................. ... 747 747 
108 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ......................................................................................... ........ 97,002 97,002 
109 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ..................................................................................... .. 129,649 129,649 
110 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ...................................................................................................... .................... 11,647 11,647 
111 0604376M MARINE AIR GROUND TASK FORCE (MAGTF) ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) FOR AVIATION 2,778 2,778 112 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ..................... 23,695 23,695 113 0604404N UNMANNED CARRIER LAUNCHED AIRBORNE SURVEILLANCE AND STRIKE (UCLASS) SYS-
TEM ............................................................................................................................ .............. 134,708 0 
Excess FY15 funds buy down FY16 requirements .......................................................................... [–134,708 ] 
114 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ...................................................................................... .. 43,914 43,914 
115 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. . 109,908 109,908 
116 0604504N AIR CONTROL ....................................................................................................... ....................... 57,928 57,928 
117 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ....... 120,217 120,217 
118 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM .............................................................. 241,754 2 41,754 
119 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN .................................................................................................... ..................... 122,556 122,556 
120 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM .............................................................................. 48, 213 60,213 
Accelerate submarine combat and weapon system modernization ................................................... [12,000] 
121 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E ............................................................................... .. 49,712 49,712 
122 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES ................................................................................ 4, 096 4,096 
123 0604580N VIRGINIA PAYLOAD MODULE (VPM) ..................................................................................... .... 167,719 167,719 
124 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. ............... 15,122 15,122 
125 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 33, 738 33,738 
126 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 8,123 8,123 127 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS ............................................... 7,686 7,686 128 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... ... 405 405 
129 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) .............................................................................. 153,836 153,836 
130 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ............................................................................. 99,619 99,619 
131 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) ........................................................................ 11 6,798 116,798 
132 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .......................................................................................... ......... 4,353 4,353 
133 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ........... 9,443 9,443 
134 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .............................................................................................. .............. 32,469 32,469 
135 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ...... 537,901 525,401 
F–35B Block 4 development early to need ..................................................................................... [–1 2,500] 
136 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ...... 504,736 492,236 
F–35C Block 4 development early to need ...................................................................................... [– 12,500] 
137 0604810M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—MARINE CORPS ................................ 59,265 59,265 138 0604810N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON DEVELOPMENT—NAVY ................................................. 47,579 47,579 139 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 5,914 5 ,914 
140 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 89,711 89,711 
141 0605212N CH–53K RDTE ....................................................................................................... ........................ 632,092 632,092 
142 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..................................................................................... ....... 7,778 7,778 
143 0605450N JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ ... 25,898 25,898 
144 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ......................................................................... 247, 929 247,929 
145 0204202N DDG–1000 .......................................................................................................... ............................ 103,199 103,199 
146 0304231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM—MIP ....................................................................................... .. 998 998 
147 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... .... 17,785 17,785 
148 0305124N SPECIAL APPLICATIONS PROGRAM ...................................................................................... .... 35,905 35,905 
SUBTOTAL, SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ...................................................... 6,308,800 6,161,092 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
149 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... . 30,769 30,769 
150 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .... 112,606 112,606 
151 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ............ 61,234 61,234 
152 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION ................................................ 6,995 6,995 153 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ............................................................................... 4, 011 4,011 
154 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ......................................................................................... ....... 48,563 48,563 
155 0605285N NEXT GENERATION FIGHTER ........................................................................................... ......... 5,000 5,000 
157 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES .................................................................................... ... 925 925 
158 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................... 78,143 78,143 
159 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ...... 3,258 3,258 
160 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT ................................................................ 76,948 76,9 48 
161 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ................................................................................... .. 132,122 132,122 
162 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ..... 351,912 351,912 
163 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY .............................................................. 17,985 17, 985 
164 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT .................................................... 5,316 5,316 165 0605867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT ................................................................... 6,519 6, 519 
166 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT .............................................................................. 13, 649 13,649 
SUBTOTAL, MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 955,955 955,955 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
174 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ...................................................................... 107,03 9 107,039 
175 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ................................................................................ 46 ,506 46,506 
176 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................. 3,900 4,70 0 
Accelerate combat rapid attack weapon ........................................................................................ [8 00] 
177 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ..................................................................................... .. 16,569 16,569 
178 0203761N RAPID TECHNOLOGY TRANSITION (RTT) ................................................................................. . 18,632 18,632 
179 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................. ................... 133,265 133,265 
181 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) ............................................................................ 62, 867 62,867 
182 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ................. 36,045 36,045 
183 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) ...................................... 25,228 25,228 184 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................... . 54,218 54,218 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4485 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
185 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) ....................................... 11,335 11,335 
186 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ...................................................................... 80,12 9 80,129 
187 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 39,087 39,08 7 
188 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ ...... 1,915 1,915 
189 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ................................................................ 46,609 46 ,609 
190 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT .................................................................................................. .............. 52,708 52,708 
191 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................................... ............... 149,997 149,997 
192 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ...................................................................... 24,460 24,460 
193 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ....................................................................................................... ....................... 42,206 47,706 
Accelerate torpedo upgrades .................................................................................................... .... [5,500] 
194 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ............................................................................................. ........... 117,759 117,759 
195 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS .............................................................................. 101 ,323 101,323 
196 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS .......................................................................... 67,76 3 67,763 
197 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) ........................................... 13,431 13,431 198 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS ........................................... 56,769 56,769 199 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT .......................................................................... 20,7 29 20,729 
200 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) ............................................... 13,152 13,152 201 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................................................................................ ....... 48,535 48,535 
202 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............... 76,016 76,016 
203 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................ 32,172 32,172 208 0303109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) .................................................................................. . 53,239 53,239 
209 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) .................................... 21,677 21,677 210 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 28,102  28,102 
211 0303150M WWMCAG/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................... 294 294 213 0305160N NAVY METEOROLOGICAL AND OCEAN SENSORS-SPACE (METOC) .......................................... 599 599 214 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES ......................................................... 6,207 6,207  
215 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ................................................................................ 8 ,550 8,550 
216 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ........................................................................... 41, 831 41,831 
217 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 1,105 1,105 218 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 33,149 33,14 9 
219 0305220N RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 227,188 227,188 
220 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 52,770 52,770 
221 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... .......................... 635 635 
222 0305233N RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 688 688 
223 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) ............................................................................ . 4,647 4,647 
224 0305239M RQ–21A ............................................................................................................ ............................. 6,435 6,435 
225 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... 49,145 49,145 
226 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) ............................................................ 9,246 9,24 6 
227 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ............... 150,854 150,854 
228 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ................................................................................... 4,757 4,757 
229 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ........ 24,185 24,185 
231 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) .................................................................................... . 4,321 4,321 
231 A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................... .............. 1,252,185 1,252,185 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 3,482,173 3,488,473 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ........................................................ 17,885,916 17,927,208 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 
BASIC RESEARCH 
1 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ...... 329,721 374,721 
Basic research program increase ................................................................................................ .. [45,000] 
2 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... .. 141,754 141,754 
3 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES ......................................................................... 13,77 8 13,778 
SUBTOTAL, BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................... 485,253 530,253 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
4 0602102F MATERIALS ........................................................................................................... ...................... 125,234 115,234 
Nanostructured and biological materials ...................................................................................... [– 10,000] 
5 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES ..................................................................................... 1 23,438 123,438 
6 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ......................................................................... 100,530  100,530 
7 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION ................................................................................................ .......... 182,326 182,326 
8 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ...................................................................................................
.............. 147,291 147,291 
9 0602601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................... .............. 116,122 116,122 
10 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................. ......... 99,851 99,851 
11 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................................... ... 115,604 115,604 
12 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS .............................................................. 164,909 164, 909 
13 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ......................................................................................... ...... 42,037 42,037 
SUBTOTAL, APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................... 1,217,342 1,207,342 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
14 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................... 37,665 37 ,665 
15 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) ................................................................... 18,378 1 8,378 
16 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ......................................................................................... .... 42,183 42,183 
17 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO ..................................................................................... 1 00,733 100,733 
18 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY ............................................................ 168,821 168,82 1 
19 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... 47,032 47,032 
20 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 54 ,897 54,897 
21 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) .......................................................................... 12,8 53 12,853 
22 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..................................... 25,448 25,448 23 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ 48,5 36 48,536 
24 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ 30,195 30,195 
25 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................ 42,630 42,630 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4486 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
26 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .................................... 46,414 46,414 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 675,785 675,785 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
27 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................. 5,032  5,032 
29 0603438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... ...... 4,070 4,070 
30 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 21 ,790 21,790 
31 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 4 ,736 4,736 
33 0603830F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................................. 30,7 71 30,771 
34 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL .............................................................. 39,765 39,7 65 
36 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE .................................................................................................. ............... 1,246,228 786,228 
Delayed EMD contract award ..................................................................................................... [–460,000] 
37 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ................................................................................................ ........... 3,512 3,512 
38 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM ....................... 54,637 54,637 40 0604422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON ........................................................................................... ..... 76,108 76,108 
44 0604857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE ..................................................................................... . 6,457 19,957 
Increase to match previous year funding level .............................................................................. [13, 500] 
45 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ............................................................................................ ........ 246,514 246,514 
46 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT ................................................................................. 75 ,166 75,166 
49 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ...................................................................................... .. 8,830 8,830 
50 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) ............................................................ 14,939 14,93 9 
51 0305164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) ................................. 142,288 142,288 52 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 81,732 96,732  
Increase USCC Cyber Operations Technology Development ........................................................... [15,000] 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................. 2,062,575 1,631,075 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 
55 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 92 9 929 
56 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE ............................................................................... 60, 256 60,256 
57 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ .... 5,973 5,973 
58 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD ...................................................................................... 32,624 32,624 
59 0604421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ........... 24,208 24,208 
60 0604425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................. 3 2,374 32,374 
61 0604426F SPACE FENCE ........................................................................................................ ...................... 243,909 243,909 
62 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ......................................................................................... ..... 8,358 8,358 
63 0604441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ............................................................. 292,235 29 2,235 
64 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................... 40, 154 40,154 
65 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ....................................................................................................... .................... 2,506 2,506 
66 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ........... 57,678 57,678 
67 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ............. 8,187 8,187 
68 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................................................................................. ......... 15,795 15,795 
69 0604800F F–35—EMD ........................................................................................................... ........................ 589,441 564,441 
F–35A Block 4 development early to need ..................................................................................... [–2 5,000] 
71 0604853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD ................................... 84,438 84,438 
72 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ......................................................................................... ... 36,643 36,643 
73 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................ ........ 142,551 142,551 
74 0605213F F–22 MODERNIZATION INCREMENT 3.2B .................................................................................. . 140,640 140,640 
75 0605214F GROUND ATTACK WEAPONS FUZE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................. 3,598 3,598 76 0605221F KC–46 .............................................................................................................. .............................. 602,364 402,364 
Schedule delay and availability of unobligated prior year funds ................................................... [–200,000] 
77 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ............................................................................................ ......... 11,395 11,395 
78 0605229F AGAR HH–60 RECAPITALIZATION ........................................................................................ ...... 156,085 156,085 
80 0605431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) ..................................................................................... . 228,230 228,230 
81 0605432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ............................................................................................ ......... 72,084 72,084 
82 0605433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) ..................................................................................... . 56,343 56,343 
83 0605458F AIR & SPACE OPS CENTER 10.2 RDT&E .................................................................................. .... 47,629 47,629 
84 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM .................................................................................... 271,961 271,961 
85 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ..................................................................................... 2
12,121 212,121 
86 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ........................................................................................................ ........................ 186,481 215,981 
NRE for ADCPII upgrade ......................................................................................................... ... [28,000] 
Flight test support ............................................................................................................ .......... [1,500] 
87 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ....................................................................................... .... 18,082 18,082 
88 0305176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR .................................................................................... 9 93 993 
89 0307581F NEXTGEN JSTARS ..................................................................................................... ................... 44,343 44,343 
91 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT (PAR) ..................................................................... 102,620  102,620 
92 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ........ 14,563 14,563 
SUBTOTAL, SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ...................................................... 3,847,791 3,652,291 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
93 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... 23,844 23,844 
94 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT ............................................................................................... ........... 68,302 68,302 
95 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................................................................................. ........... 34,918 34,918 
97 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION .......................................................................... 10,4 76 10,476 
98 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ........................................................................................ .... 673,908 673,908 
99 0605860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ....................................................................... 21,858 21,858 
100 0605864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) .......................................................................................... ........... 28,228 28,228 
101 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....... 40,518 40,518 102 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ............................................. 27,895 27,895 103 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION ........................................................................ 16,507  16,507 
104 0606116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 18,997 18, 997 
106 0606392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE ................................................... 185,305 185,30 5 
107 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) .............................................................................. 4,841 4,841 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4487 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
108 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............................................................................ 15,3 57 15,357 
109 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............ 1,315 1,315 
111 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... ........... 2,315 2,315 
SUBTOTAL, MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 1,174,584 1,174,584 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
112 0603423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT .............................. 350,232 350,232 113 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................... 10,465 10, 465 
114 0604445F WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................ ........... 24,577 24,577 
117 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) ..................................................... 69,694 24,294  
Restructure program ............................................................................................................ ....... [–45,400] 
118 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY ................................................................. 26,718 26, 718 
119 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ............................................................................................. .............. 10,807 10,807 
121 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 74,520 74,520 
122 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ................................................................................ .. 451 451 
123 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 2,245 2,245 
124 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ..................................................................................................... ..................... 108,183 108,183 
125 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ............................................................................................... ........... 178,929 178,929 
126 0101313F STRAT WAR PLANNING SYSTEM—USSTRATCOM ...................................................................... 28,481 2 8,481 
127 0101314F NIGHT FIST—USSTRATCOM ............................................................................................. ........... 87 87 
128 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................ 5,315 5,31 5 
131 0105921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES .......................................................... 8,090 8,090 132 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 123,439 123,439 
134 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 0 16,200 
Sustain avionics software development ......................................................................................... [ 16,200] 
135 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 148,297 148,297 
136 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ................... 179,283 192,079 
Transfer from procurement ...................................................................................................... .... [12,796] 
137 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION .................................................................................... . 14,860 14,860 
138 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... ................... 262,552 262,552 
139 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 115,395 115,395 
140 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. ............... 43,360 43,360 
141 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ................................................ 46,160 46,160 143 0207224F COMBAT RESCUE AND RECOVERY ........................................................................................ .... 412 412 
144 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................................................... ..... 657 657 
145 0207247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ......................... 31,428 31,428 
146 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT ........................................................................ 1,105 1,105 
147 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................................... ..................... 14,249 14,249 
148 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................... 103,942 103,942 149 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ............................................................. 12,793 1 2,793 
150 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................................................... . 21,193 21,193 
151 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) ............................................................................... 5 59 559 
152 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWAAG) .......................................................... 161,812 161,8 12 
153 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 6 ,001 6,001 
155 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES .................................................................. 7,793 7 ,793 
156 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD .................................................................................... .. 12,465 12,465 
157 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK .......................................................................................... ............ 1,681 1,681 
159 0207452F DCAPES ............................................................................................................ ............................ 16,796 16,796 
161 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ........................ 21,564 21,564 
162 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ...................................................................................... .... 24,994 24,994 
163 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS ................................................................................ 6, 035 6,035 
164 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ................................................................................ 4,358 4,358 
165 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... .......... 55,835 55,835 
167 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS .............................................................................. 12 ,874 12,874 
168 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS .............................................................................. 7, 681 7,681 
171 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ............................................................... 5,974 5,9
74 
177 0301400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... .... 13,815 13,815 
178 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) ...................................................... 80,360 80,360  
179 0303001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) .................................................................. 3,907 3 ,907 
180 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................ 75,062 75,062 181 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 46,599  46,599 
183 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE ................................................................. 2,470 2,47 0 
186 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ......... 112,775 112,775 
189 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) ......................................................................... 4,235  4,235 
192 0305110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ................................................................................. 7,879 7,879 
193 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... .................. 29,955 29,955 
194 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) ................................. 21,485 21,485 195 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................................... .................... 2,515 2,515 
198 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................ 4 72 472 
199 0305145F ARMS CONTROL IMPLEMENTATION ....................................................................................... ... 12,137 12,137 
200 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 361 361 203 0305173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................ 3,162 3,16 2 
204 0305174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................... 1,543 1,543 205 0305179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ . 7,860 7,860 
206 0305182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ..... 6,902 6,902 
207 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ........................ 34,471 34,471 
209 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 50,154 50,154 
210 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... . 13,245 13,245 
211 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 22,784 22,78 4 
212 0305219F MQ–1 PREDATOR A UAV ............................................................................................... .............. 716 716 
213 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... ........................... 208,053 208,053 
214 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING ................................................................. 21,587 21, 587 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4488 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
215 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) ................................................................. 43,986 4 3,986 
216 0305238F NATO AGS .......................................................................................................... .......................... 197,486 138,400 
Transfer from procurement for NATO AWACS .............................................................................. [?59,086]  
217 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ....... 28,434 28,434 
218 0305265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ............................................................................................. ................ 180,902 180,902 
220 0305614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............... 81,911 81,911 
221 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................... ........... 3,149 3,149 
222 0305913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... .... 14,447 14,447 
223 0305940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS .......................................................................... 20,0 77 20,077 
225 0308699F SHARED EARLY WARNING (SEW) ........................................................................................ ....... 853 853 
226 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................................................................................ .............. 33,962 33,962 
227 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ........................................................................................ ............ 42,864 42,864 
228 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ................................................................................................ ..................... 54,807 54,807 
229 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................................... ..................... 31,010 31,010 
230 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) .............................................................. 6,802 6,80 2 
231 0401219F KC–10S ............................................................................................................ .............................. 1,799 1,799 
232 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ....................................................................................... ...... 48,453 48,453 
233 0401318F CV–22 ............................................................................................................. ............................... 36,576 36,576 
235 0408011F SPECIAL TACTIAG / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................................................. .. 7,963 7,963 
236 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ........ 1,525 1,525 
237 0708610F LOGISTIAG INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) ................................................................... 112,676  81,676 
Program growth ................................................................................................................. ......... [–31,000] 
238 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... ... 12,657 12,657 
239 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................. ............. 1,836 1,836 
240 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ........ 121 121 
241 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................... . 5,911 5,911 
242 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ..................................................................................... .. 3,604 3,604 
243 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................... ........ 4,598 4,598 
244 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY .......................................................................... 1,1 03 1,103 
246 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .................................... 101,840 101,840 246 A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................... .............. 12,780,142 12,945,142 
Three program increases ........................................................................................................ ...... [165,000] 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 17,010,339 17,068,849 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ............................................................ 26,473,669 25,940,179 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW 
BASIC RESEARCH 
1 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVE ..................................................................................... .... 38,436 38,436 
2 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ...... 333,119 333,119 
3 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ........................................................................................ .......... 42,022 42,022 
4 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE .............................................................. 56,544 56,54 4 
5 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ............................................................................ 49,4 53 49,453 
6 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS ................ 25,834 25,834 
7 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .................................................................. 46,261 46, 261 
SUBTOTAL, BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................... 591,669 591,669 
APPLIED RESEARCH 
8 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ...... 19,352 19,352 
9 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ........ 114,262 114,262 
10 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM ........................................................................ 51,026  51,026 
11 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES ...................................... 48,226 33,226 
General program decrease ....................................................................................................... ..... [–15,000] 
12 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................ 356,358 356, 358 
14 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ......................................................................................... .... 29,265 29,265 
15 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .................................................................. 208,111 2 08,111 
16 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH .......................................................................................... ........... 13,727 13,727 
18 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ............ 314,582 309,582 
Multi-azimuth defense fast intercept round engagement system ..................................................... [–5,000] 
19 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 220,11 5 210,115 
Decrease in program growth ..................................................................................................... ... [–10,000] 
20 0602716E ELECTRONIAG TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ....... 174,798 174,798 
21 0602718BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT TECHNOLOGIES .................................................. 155,415 155,415 22 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................... 8,824 8,824 23 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ... 37,517 37,517 
SUBTOTAL, APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................... 1,751,578 1,721,578 
ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 
24 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 25,9 15 25,915 
26 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT .................................................................. 71,171 71 ,171 
27 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING ...................................................................................... ...... 21,782 21,782 
28 0603160BR COUNTERPROLIFERATION INITIATIVES—PROLIFERATION PREVENTION AND DEFEAT ...... 290,654 290,654 30 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ...................................................... 12,139 12,139 31 0603177C DISCRIMINATION SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 28 ,200 28,200 
32 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ........... 45,389 75,389 
Fiber laser prototype development .............................................................................................. .. [20,000] 
Divert attitude control tech to support MOKV .............................................................................. [10,0 00] 
33 0603179C ADVANCED C4ISR ..................................................................................................... ................... 9,876 9,876 
34 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH .................................................................................................. ............. 17,364 17,364 
35 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................. 18,802 18,802 36 0603264S AGILE TRANSPORTATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY (AT21)—THEATER CAPABILITY .............. 2,679 2,679 37 0603274C SPECIAL PROGRAM—MDA TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 64,7 08 64,708 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4489 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
38 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................... .... 185,043 185,043 
39 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... 126,692 126,692 
40 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ............................................................................................. .............. 14,645 9,645 
General program decrease ....................................................................................................... ..... [–5,000] 
41 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ............................................................... 59,830 59 ,830 
42 0603294C COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... 4 6,753 66,753 
Increase for Multiple Object Kill Vehicle ...................................................................................... [20,000] 
43 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................. 140,094 140,094 44 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH .................................................................................................... .................... 118,666 118,666 
45 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................ 43,96 6 43,966 
46 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ............................................................ 141,540 131 ,540 
General program decrease ....................................................................................................... ..... [–10,000] 
47 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ..................................................................... 6,980 6 ,980 
50 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .......................... 157,056 157,056 51 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 33,515 33,515 52 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTIAG R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ................................................. 16,543 16,543 53 0603713S DEPLOYMENT AND DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE TECHNOLOGY ............................................. 29,888 29,888 54 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM .............................................................. 65,836 65,8 36 
55 0603720S MICROELECTRONIAG TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ..................................... 79,037 79,037 56 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM ........................................................................................ ........ 9,626 9,626 
57 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONIAG TECHNOLOGIES .............................................................................. 79,0 21 79,021 
58 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ....................................................... 201,335 201,335 59 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 452,861  432,861 
Decrease to reduce inefficiency ................................................................................................ .... [–20,000] 
60 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................. ............. 257,127 257,127 
61 0603769SE DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................... 10,771 10,771 62 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE ................................................................................... .... 15,202 15,202 
63 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS .................................................................................. .... 90,500 70,500 
Program decrease ............................................................................................................... ......... [–20,000] 
66 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. . 18,377 18,377 
67 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 82,5 89 82,589 
68 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ............................................................. 37,420 37,4 20 
69 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... ..................... 42,488 42,488 
70 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 57,741 5 7,741 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 3,229,821 3,224,821 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 
71 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P .............. 31,710 31,710 73 0603600D8Z WALKOFF .......................................................................................................... .......................... 90,567 90,567 
74 0603714D8Z ADVANCED SENSORS APPLICATION PROGRAM ........................................................................ 15,90 0 19,900 
Increase to match previous year funding level .............................................................................. [4,0 00] 
75 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM ................................... 52,758 52,758 76 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT ............................................... 228,021 228,021 77 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ............................................. 1,284,891 1,284,891  
78 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL ............................................... 172,754 172,754 79 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS .................................................................................. .. 233,588 233,588 
80 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ......... 409,088 409,088 
81 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA ............................................................................................... ......... 400,387 400,387 
82 0603892C AEGIS BMD .......................................................................................................... ........................ 843,355 843,355 
83 0603893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ........................................................................... 31,6 32 31,632 
84 0603895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ..................................................... 23,289 23,289 85 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND 
COMMUNICATI .................................................................................................................... ..... 450,085 450,085 
86 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT ................................................ 49,570 49,570 87 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ...................................... 49,211 49,211 88 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH ................................................................................................... ............... 9,583 9,583 
89 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ....................................................................................... ...... 72,866 72,866 
90 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS ....................................................................................... ... 102,795 268,795 
Increase for Arrow/David’s Sling ............................................................................................... .. [166,000] 
91 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST ..................................................................................... ..... 274,323 274,323 
92 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS .................................................................................. . 513,256 513,256 
93 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ............................................................................................ ........... 10,129 10,129 
94 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE ................................................................................................ ................ 10,350 10,350 
95 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM ................................................................ 1,518 11,5 18 
Program Increase ............................................................................................................... ......... [10,000] 
96 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ................................................................................ 96 ,300 96,300 
97 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................ 4 69,798 469,798 
98 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS) COMMON DEVEL-
OPMENT ......................................................................................................................... .......... 3,129 3,129 
103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESS-
MENTS .......................................................................................................................... ............ 25,200 25,200 
105 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) ....................................................................... 137,5 64 137,564 
106 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS .................................................................. 278,944 29 8,944 
Redesigned kill vehicle development ............................................................................................ . [20,000] 
107 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ...................................... 26,225 26,225 108 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................................... .................... 55,148 55,148 
109 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ............................................................................ 8 6,764 86,764 
110 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ........................................................................................... ............. 34,970 34,970 
111 0604881C AEGIS SM–3 BLOCK IIA CO-DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. 1 72,645 172,645 
112 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST .................................................... 64,618 64,618 114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM ..................................................... 2,660 2,660 115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ........... 963 963 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4490 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................. 6,816,554 7,016,554 
SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 
116 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD ................... 8,800 8,800 117 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 78,817 88,81 7 
CPGS development and flight test ............................................................................................... . [10,000] 
118 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD ....................................................... 303,647 303,647  
119 0604764K ADVANCED IT SERVICES JOINT PROGRAM OFFICE (AITS-JPO) ............................................... 23,424 23,424 120 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) .......................................... 14,285 14,285 121 0605000BR WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT CAPABILITIES .................................................... 7,156 7,156 122 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................................... 12,542  12,542 
123 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ...................................................................... 191 1 91 
124 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ................................................................................... ... 3,273 3,273 
125 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES .............................................................................. .... 5,962 5,962 
126 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ..................................... 13,412 13,412 127 0605075D8Z DCMO POLICY AND INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... ....... 2,223 2,223 
128 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INTIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM .................................................... 31,660 31,660 129 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ..................................................... 13,085 13,085 130 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES ................................................. 7,209 7,209 131 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .. 15,158 5,158 
Early to need .................................................................................................................. ............ [–10,000] 
132 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ......................................... 4,414 4,414 
SUBTOTAL, SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ...................................................... 545,258 545,258 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
133 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) .................................................................. 5,581  5,581 
134 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................... 3,081 3,081 
135 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) ............................. 229,125 229,125 136 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ..................................................................................... ....... 28,674 28,674 
138 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) .................................................... 45,235 45,2 35 
139 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ...................................................................... 24, 936 24,936 
141 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) .......................... 35,471 35,471 144 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................................................. ................ 37,655 32,655 
Reducing reporting and inefficiencies .......................................................................................... [–5,000] 
145 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD ................................................................................ .. 3,015 3,015 
146 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ............................................................................... . 5,287 5,287 
147 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ................................................. 5,289 5,289 148 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) .......................................................................... 2 ,120 2,120 
149 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .................................................................. 102,264 102,264 
158 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANS-
FER ............................................................................................................................ ............... 2,169 2,169 
159 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS ..................................................................................... ...... 13,960 13,960 
160 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ............................................................. 51,775 51 ,775 
161 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION ................................... 9,533 9,533 162 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. . 17,371 17,371 
163 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. ........... 71,571 71,571 
164 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS .................................................................................. .. 4,123 4,123 
165 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) ............................................................. 1,946 1,946 
166 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... .... 7,673 7,673 
169 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES ............................................... 10,413 10,413 170 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) ............................................... 971 971 171 0305193D8Z CYBER INTELLIGENCE .............................................................................................. ................. 6,579 6,579 
173 0804767D8Z COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—MHA ............ 43,811 43,811 174 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ................................................................................................. ........... 35,871 35,871 
176 0903230D8W WHS—MISSION OPERATIONS SUPPORT - IT ............................................................................. . 1,072 1,072 
176 A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................... .............. 49,500 49,500 
SUBTOTAL, MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 856,071 851,071 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
178 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) .................................................................................. .... 7,929 7,929 
179 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMA-
TION MANA ...................................................................................................................... ........ 1,750 1,750 
180 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) ........... 294 294 181 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT .................................................. 22,576 22,576 182 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .................................................... 1,901 1,901 183 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (G- 
TSCMIS) ........................................................................................................................ ............ 8,474 8,474 
184 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ............. 33,561 33,561 186 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) ........................................................................ 3,0 61 3,061 
187 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................................. ............... 64,921 64,921 
189 0301144K JOINT/ALLIED COALITION INFORMATION SHARING ................................................................ 3,645 3, 645 
193 0302016K NATIONAL MILITARY COMMAND SYSTEM-WIDE SUPPORT ..................................................... 963 963 194 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION ................................... 10,186 10,186 195 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DAG ...................................................................................... 36,883 36,883 
196 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................ 13,735 13,735 197 0303135G PUBLIC KEY INFRASTRUCTURE (PKI) ................................................................................... .... 6,101 6,101 
198 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) .......................................................................... 43,86 7 43,867 
199 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 8,95 7 8,957 
200 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ........................................................................ 146,89 0 146,890 
201 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ............................................................................ 21,50 3 21,503 
202 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION ..................................................................................... .. 20,342 20,342 
203 0303170K NET-CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ........................................................................... 4 44 444 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4491 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
205 0303610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. ............... 1,736 1,736 
206 0304210BB SPECIAL APPLICATIONS FOR CONTINGENCIES ........................................................................ 65, 060 65,060 
210 0305103K CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... ........... 2,976 2,976 
215 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............... 4,182 4,182 
216 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY .................................................................................................. ...................... 18,130 18,130 
218 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 5,302 5,302  
221 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................. 3,239 3,239 225 0305327V INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... .................... 11,733 11,733 
226 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM .................................................... 2,119 2,119 234 0708011S INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ........................................................................................... ......... 24,605 24,605 
235 0708012S LOGISTIAG SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................... ....... 1,770 1,770 
236 0902298J MANAGEMENT HQ—OJAG ................................................................................................ ........... 2,978 2,978 
237 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV ......................................................................................................... ........................... 18,151 23,151 
MQ–9 capability enhancements ................................................................................................... . [5,000] 
238 1105232BB RQ–11 UAV ........................................................................................................ ........................... 758 758 
240 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ................... 173,934 191,141 
ISR payload technology improvements ......................................................................................... [2, 000] 
C–130 TF/TA Program Adjustment ............................................................................................... [1 5,207] 
241 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................. 6,866 6,866 
242 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ....... 63,008 63,008 
243 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. .................. 25,342 25,342 
244 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. .................. 3,401 3,401 
245 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ ............... 3,212 3,212 
246 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. .................. 63,597 63,597 
247 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................ 3 ,933 3,933 
248 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ...................................................................... 10,623  10,623 
248 A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................... .............. 3,564,272 3,564,272 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 4,538,910 4,561,117 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xx xxxxx DEFENSE WIDE CYBER VULNERABILITY ASSESSMENT ........................................................... 0 200,000 
Assess all major weapon systems for cyber vulnerability ................................................................ [200,000 ] 
xxx xxxxxx UCAS-D DEVELOPMENT AND FOLLOW ON PROTOTYPING ...................................................... 0 725,000 
Supports continued efforts on UCAS-D and follow on prototyping ................................................ [725,000] 
x xxxxx TECHNOLOGY OFFSET INITIATIVE ........................................................................................... 0 400,000 
Supports innovative technology development ................................................................................ [400, 000] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED .................................................................................................... 0 1,325,000 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ........................................................... 18,329,861 19,837,068 
OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE 
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 
1 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................... 76,838 76,838 
2 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ..................................................................................... ...... 46,882 46,882 
3 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES .................................................................... 46,838  46,838 
SUBTOTAL, MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 170,558 170,558 
TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE ....................................................................... 170,558 170,558 
TOTAL RDT&E ............................................................................................................................. 69,784,963 70,891,640 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND 
EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY 
ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 
60 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................ 1, 500 1,500 
SUBTOTAL, ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................ 1,500 1,500 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ...................................................... 1,500 1,500 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
231 A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................... ............. 35,747 35,747 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 35,747 35,747 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ...................................................... 35,747 35,747 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 
133 0205671F JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE .................................................................... 300 300 246 A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................... ............. 16,800 16,800 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 17,100 17,100 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4492 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Program 
Element Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ........................................................... 17,100 17,100 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW 
OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 
248 A 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................... ............. 137,087 137,087 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 137,087 137,087 
TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW .......................................................... 137,087 137,087 
TOTAL RDT&E ........................................................................................................................... 191,434 191,434 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND 
MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................ 1,094,429 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–1,094,429 ] 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................ 68,873 68,873 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................... 508,008 508,008 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ....................... 763,300 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–763,300 ] 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ........... 1,054,322 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–1,054,322 ] 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ............................. 1,546,129 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–1,546,129 ] 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ....... 3,158,606 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–3,158,606 ] 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ............. 438,909 438,909 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ........... 1,214,116 1,291,316 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [77,200 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................... 7,616,008 7,626,508 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [10,500 ] 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................... 2,617,169  2,651,169 
Kwajalein facilities restoration ............................................................................................... ....................... [34,000 ] 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ................................................................................ 421, 269 421,269 
130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... 164,743 164,743 
170 COMBATANT COMMANDS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ............................................................................... 448 ,633 436,276 
Streamlining of Army Combatant Commands Direct Mission Support ............................................................... [– 12,357 ] 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................. 21,114,514 13,607,071 
MOBILIZATION 
180 STRATEGIC MOBILITY ......................................................................................................... ......................... 401,638 401,638 
190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ................ 261,683 261,683 
200 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................... ................... 6,532 6,532 
SUBTOTAL, MOBILIZATION .......................................................................................................................... 669,853 669,853 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
210 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ......................... 131,536 131,536 
220 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................ 47,843 47,843 
230 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING .................................................................................................. .................... 42,565 42,565 
240 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ..................................................................................... ...... 490,378 490,378 
250 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................... 981,000 1,014,200 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [33,200 ] 
260 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ............................. 940,872 940,872 
270 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ..... 230,324 230,324 
280 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ........................... 603,519 603,519 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 491,922 491,922 
300 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. .................................. 194,079 194,079 
310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ....... 227,951 227,951 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............. 161,048 161,048 
330 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS ...................................................................................... ....... 170,118 170,118 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................... 4,713,155 4,746,355 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 485,778 485,778 
360 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. ................... 813,881 813,881 
370 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ .................. 714,781 714,781 
380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... ................. 322,127 322,127 
390 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................ 384,813 384,813 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .............. 1,781,350 1,781,350 
410 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ .................. 292,532 292,532 
420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 375,122 375,122 
430 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ..................... 1,119,848 1,115,348 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4493 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Army outreach reduction ........................................................................................................ ....................... [–4,500 ] 
440 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 225,358 225,358 
450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .................. 239,755 239,755 
460 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS ................................................................................... 223,319 223,319 
470 INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS ........................................................................................ .... 469,865 469,865 
480 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ............................................................................................. .............. 40,521 40,521 
480 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ..................... 1,120,974 1,146,474 
Additional SOUTHCOM ISR and intel support ...................................................................................... ......... [20,000 ] 
Readiness increase ............................................................................................................. ............................ [5,500 ] 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... ............................ 0 –238,451 
Streamlining of Army Management Headquarters ................................................................................... ........ [–238,451 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 8,610,024 8,392,573 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN CURRENCY ADJUSTMENT ................................................................................ 0 – 281,500 
Foreign currency adjustment .................................................................................................... ..................... [–281,500 ] 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –260,100 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................ [–260,100 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................................... 0 –541,600 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY .............................................................................................. 35,107,546 26,874,252 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................ 16,612 16,612 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................... 486,531 486,531 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ....................... 105,446 105,446 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ........... 516,791 516,791 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ............................. 87,587 87,587 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ....... 348,601 348,601 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ............. 81,350 81,350 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ........... 59,574 91,974 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [32,400 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................... 570,852 570,852 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................... 245,686 2 45,686 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ................................................................................ 40,9 62 40,962 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................. 2,559,992 2,592,392 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 10,665 10,665 
140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................ 18,390 18,390 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .............. 14,976 14,976 
160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ .................. 8,841 8,841 
170 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 52,928 52,928 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... ............................ 0 –6,011 
Streamlining of Army Reserve Management Headquarters ........................................................................... .... [–6,011 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 105,800 99,790 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –7,600 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................ [–7,600 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................................... 0 –7,600 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ...................................................................................... 2,665,792 2,684,581 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................ 709,433 709,433 
020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ................ 167,324 167,324 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................... 741,327 741,327 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ....................... 88,775 96,475 
ARNG border security enhancement ............................................................................................... ................ [7,700 ] 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ........... 32,130 32,130 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ............................. 943,609 996,209 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [39,600 ] 
ARNG border security enhancement ............................................................................................... ................ [13,000 ] 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ....... 703,137 703,137 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ............. 84,066 84,066 
090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ........... 166,848 189,348 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [22,500 ] 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................... 1,022,970 1,022,970 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................... 673,680 6 73,680 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ................................................................................ 954, 574 954,574 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................. 6,287,873 6,370,673 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 6,570 6,570 
140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................ 59,629 59,379 
Reduction to National Guard Heritage Paintings ................................................................................. ........... [–250 ] 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .............. 68,452 68,452 
160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ .................. 8,841 8,841 
170 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 283,670 272,170 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4494 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Reduction to Army Marketing Program ............................................................................................ .............. [–11,500 ] 
180 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... .................. 2,942 2,942 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... ............................ 0 –26,631 
Streamlining of Army National Guard Management Headquarters ................................................................... [ –26,631 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 430,104 391,723 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –25,300 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................ [–25,300 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................................... 0 –25,300 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG .............................................................................................. 6,717,977 6,737,096 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ........ 4,940,365 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........ [–4,940,365 ] 
020 FLEET AIR TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ........................... 1,830,611 1,830,611 
030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ........................................................................... 37 ,225 37,225 
040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ......... 103,456 103,456 
050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ........................ 376,844 390,744 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [13,900 ] 
060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............... 897,536 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–897,536 ] 
070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ........ 33,201 33,201 
080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ........................... 544,056 549,356 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [5,300 ] 
090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... .......... 4,287,658 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–4,287,658 ] 
100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... .......... 787,446 787,446 
110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... .................... 5,960,951 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–5,960,951 ] 
120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ............. 1,554,863 1,554,863 
130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... .................. 704,415 704,415 
140 ELECTRONIC WARFARE ......................................................................................................... ....................... 96,916 96,916 
150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................. ............ 192,198 192,198 
160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ........................... 453,942 453,942 
170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY .............................................................................. 351,8 71 351,871 
180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .................... 1,186,847 1,186,847 
190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... ................... 123,948 123,948 
200 DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ................. 2,443 2,443 
210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... 98,914 98,914 
220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ........................................................................... 73,11 0 67,628 
Streamlining of Navy Combatant Commanders Direct Mission Support ............................................................. [– 5,483 ] 
230 CRUISE MISSILE ............................................................................................................. ............................... 110,734 110,734 
240 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE .................................................................................................... ....................... 1,206,736 1,206,736 
250 IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ........ 141,664 141,664 
260 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ..................... 523,122 523,122 
270 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ............ 371,872 371,872 
280 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... .................... 896,061 896,061 
290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................................................... 2, 220,423 2,220,423 
300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................... 4,472,468 4,486,468 
Funding increase for Behavioral Counseling ..................................................................................... .............. [14,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................. 34,581,896 18,523,103 
MOBILIZATION 
310 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE .............................................................................................. ............... 422,846 422,846 
320 AIRCRAFT ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ......................................................................................... .......... 6,464 6,964 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ....................... [500 ] 
330 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ............................................................................................. ............... 361,764 361,764 
340 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... .... 69,530 69,530 
350 INDUSTRIAL READINESS ....................................................................................................... ....................... 2,237 2,237 
360 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ...................... 21,823 21,823 
SUBTOTAL, MOBILIZATION .......................................................................................................................... 884,664 885,164 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
370 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ......................... 149,375 149,375 
380 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................ 9,035 9,035 
390 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ............................................................................................ ............ 156,290 156,290 
400 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................... 653,728 653,728 
410 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ............................. 8,171 8,171 
420 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ..... 168,471 168,471 
430 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ........................... 196,048 196,048 
440 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 234,233 234,233 
450 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ....... 137,855 137,855 
460 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............. 77,257 77,257 
470 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ................................. 47,653 47,653 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................... 1,838,116 1,838,116 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................ 923,771 923,771 
490 EXTERNAL RELATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................ 13,967 13,967 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4495 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
500 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ............................................................................ 120,8 12 120,812 
510 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT .......................................................................... 350,983  350,983 
520 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................. 265,948 265,948 
530 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .............. 335,482 335,482 
550 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 197,724 197,724 
570 PLANNING, ENGINEERING AND DESIGN ........................................................................................... ............ 274,936 274,936 
580 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... .... 1,122,178 1,122,178 
590 HULL, MECHANICAL AND ELECTRICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... .. 48,587 48,587 
600 COMBAT/WEAPONS SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... .................. 25,599 25,599 
610 SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... ..... 72,768 72,768 
620 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE ................................................................................................ ................. 577,803 577,803 
680 INTERNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS AND AGENCIES .................................................................................... 4,768 4,768 
680 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ..................... 560,754 560,754 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... ............................ 0 –209,823 
Streamlining of Navy Management Headquarters ................................................................................... ......... [–209,823 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 4,896,080 4,686,257 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN CURRENCY ADJUSTMENT ................................................................................ 0 – 59,900 
Foreign currency adjustment .................................................................................................... ..................... [–59,900 ] 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –482,300 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................ [–482,300 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................................... 0 –542,200 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY .............................................................................................. 42,200,756 25,390,440 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ........................ 931,079 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–931,079 ] 
020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ .............................. 931,757 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–931,757 ] 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................ 227,583 227,583 
040 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING .................................................................................................... ................... 86,259 86,259 
050 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ................................................................................... 746,237 746,237 
060 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................... 2,057,362 2,058,562 
Readiness funding increase for Criminal Investigative Equipment ................................................................ .... [1,200 ] 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................. 4,980,277 3,118,641 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
070 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................ 16,460 16,460 
080 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ......................... 977 977 
090 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................... 97,325 97,325 
100 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ..... 40,786 40,786 
110 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ........................... 347,476 347,476 
120 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 164,806 164,806 
130 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ....... 39,963 39,963 
140 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ................................. 23,397 23,397 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................... 731,190 731,190 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 37,386 37,386 
160 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................ 358,395 358,395 
180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... .... 76,105 76,105 
180 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ..................... 45,429 45,429 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... ............................ 0 –32,588 
Streamlining of Marine Corps Management Headquarters ........................................................................... .... [–32,588 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 517,315 484,727 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN CURRENCY ADJUSTMENT ................................................................................ 0 – 19,800 
Foreign currency adjustment .................................................................................................... ..................... [–19,800 ] 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –17,000 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................ [–17,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................................... 0 –36,800 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................. 6,228,782 4,297,758 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ........ 563,722 563,722 
020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... ................ 6,218 6,218 
030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............... 82,712 82,712 
040 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ........ 326 326 
050 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ........................... 13,436 13,436 
070 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... .......... 557 557 
090 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... .................. 14,499 14,499 
100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .................... 117,601 117,601 
120 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... .................... 29,382 29,382 
130 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................................................... 48 ,513 48,513 
140 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................... 102,858 102,858 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................. 979,824 979,824 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4496 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................ 1,505 1,505 
160 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT .......................................................................... 13,782 13,782 
170 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .............. 3,437 3,437 
180 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... .... 3,210 3,210 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... ............................ 0 –1,386 
Streamlining of Navy Reserve Management Headquarters ........................................................................... .... [–1,386 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 21,934 20,548 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –39,700 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................ [–39,700 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................................... 0 –39,700 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ...................................................................................... 1,001,758 960,672 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... .......................... 97,631 97,631 
020 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................ 18,254 18,254 
030 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................................................... 28 ,653 28,653 
040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... .................... 111,923 111,923 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................. 256,461 256,461 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
050 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............... 924 924 
060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................ 10,866 10,866 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 8,785 8,785 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... ............................ 0 –1,473 
Streamlining of Marine Corps Reserve Management Headquarters ................................................................... [–1,473 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 20,575 19,102 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –1,000 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................ [–1,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................................... 0 –1,000 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ................................................................................. 277,036 274,563 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................... 3,336,868 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–3,336,868 ] 
020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. .............. 1,897,315 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–1,897,315 ] 
030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. .. 1,797,549 1,757,249 
Cancel transition of A–10 to F–15E training .................................................................................... ................ [–78,000 ] 
Readiness increase ............................................................................................................. ............................ [37,700 ] 
040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................ 6,537,127 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–6,537,127 ] 
050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................... 1,997,712  1,997,712 
060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ............................... 2,841,948 2,841,948 
070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ............... 930,341 930,341 
080 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ........... 924,845 924,845 
100 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ........................... 271,177 271,177 
110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 382,824 382,824 
120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ........................................................................... 900,9 65 885,586 
Streamlining of Air Force Combatant Commanders Direct Mission Support ...................................................... [–15 ,380 ] 
130 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ....................................................................................... 205,078 164,078 
Cutting Joint Enabling Capabilities Command .................................................................................... ............ [–41,000 ] 
xxx CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ....................... 907,496 924,296 
Increase One Program ........................................................................................................... ........................ [20,000 ] 
Unjustified increase ........................................................................................................... ............................ [–3,200 ] 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................. 22,931,245 11,080,055 
MOBILIZATION 
140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 2,229,196 2,229,196 
150 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ................ 148,318 148,318 
160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................ 1,617,571 0 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ........... [–1,617,571 ] 
170 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................... 259,956 2 59,956 
180 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ............................... 708,799 708,799 
SUBTOTAL, MOBILIZATION .......................................................................................................................... 4,963,840 3,346,269 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
190 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ......................... 92,191 92,191 
200 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ............................ 21,871 21,871 
210 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ..................................................................................... ....... 77,527 77,527 
220 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................... 228,500 2 28,500 
230 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ............................... 772,870 772,870 
240 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................... 359,304 402,404 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4497 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Readiness increase for RPA training ............................................................................................ .................. [43,100 ] 
250 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ............................. 710,553 710,553 
260 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... ..... 228,252 228,252 
270 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ........................... 76,464 76,464 
280 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................ 375,513 375,513 
290 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 79,690 79,690 
300 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. .................................. 3,803 3,803 
310 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ....... 180,807 180,807 
320 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ ............. 167,478 167,478 
330 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ ................................. 59,263 59,263 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................... 3,434,086 3,477,186 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
340 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ........................ 1,141,491 1,141,491 
350 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ................ 862,022 852,022 
Acquisition Management Adjustment .............................................................................................. ............... [–10,000 ] 
360 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................ 61,745 61,745 
370 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................... 298,759 2 98,759 
380 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ............................... 1,108,220 1,096,220 
Reduce IT procurement .......................................................................................................... ........................ [–12,000 ] 
390 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................ 689,797 669,097 
DEAMS reduction-Funding ahead of need .......................................................................................... ............ [–20,700 ] 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. .............. 498,053 498,053 
410 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ................ 900,253 900,253 
420 CIVIL AIR PATROL ........................................................................................................... ............................. 25,411 25,411 
450 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ..................... 89,148 89,148 
450 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ..................... 1,187,859 1,182,959 
Unjustified increase ........................................................................................................... ............................ [–4,900 ] 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... ............................ 0 –276,203 
Streamlining of Air Force Management Headquarters .............................................................................. ....... [–276,203 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 6,862,758 6,538,955 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xx Restore EC–130 Compass Call ................................................................................................. ........................... 0 27,300 
Costs associated with preventing divestiture of EC–130 ......................................................................... ........... [27,300 ] 
x Restore A–10 ................................................................................................................. .................................... 0 235,300 
Costs associated with preventing divestiture of A–10 fleet ..................................................................... ........... [235,300 ] 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –618,300 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................ [–618,300 ] 
UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN CURRENCY ADJUSTMENT ................................................................................ 0 –137 ,800 
Foreign currency adjustment .................................................................................................... ..................... [–137,800 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................................... 0 –493,500 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ..................................................................................... 38,191,929 23,948,965 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................... 1,779,378 1,779,378 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ................ 226,243 226,243 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................ 487,036 487,036 
040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................... 109,342 1 09,342 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ............................... 373,707 373,707 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................. 2,975,706 2,975,706 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................ 53,921 53,921 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 14,359 14,359 
080 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) ..................................................................................... .. 13,665 13,665 
090 OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) ....................................................................................... ........ 6,606 6,606 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... ............................ 0 –2,116 
Costs associated with preventing divestiture of A–10 fleet ..................................................................... ........... [2,500 ] 
Streamlining of Air Force Reserve Management Headquarters ...................................................................... ... [–4,616 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................... 88,551 86,435 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xxxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ........................................................................................... ............ 0 –101,100 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................ [–101,100 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................................... 0 –101,100 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE .................................................................................. 3,064,257 2,961,041 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................ ....................... 3,526,471 3,526,471 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ................ 740,779 743,379 
ARNG border security enhancement ............................................................................................... ................ [2,600 ] 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ........................ 1,763,859 1,763,859 
040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................... 288,786 2 88,786 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ............................... 582,037 582,037 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................. 6,901,932 6,904,532 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4498 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ............................ 23,626 23,626 
070 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. ................. 30,652 30,652 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... ............................ 0 –3,015 
Streamlining of Air National Guard Management Headquarters ..................................................................... . [–3,015 ] 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ............................. 0 42,200 
Costs associated with preventing divestiture of A–10 fleet ..................................................................... ........... [42,200 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................... 54,278 93,463 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xxxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ........................................................................................... ............ 0 –162,600 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................ [–162,600 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................................... 0 –162,600 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ................................................................................................ 6,956,210 6,835,395 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ......................... 485,888 505,888 
Middle East Assurance Initiative ............................................................................................... ..................... [20,000 ] 
020 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ......... 534,795 530,795 
DOD Rewards reduction-funding ahead of need .................................................................................... ......... [–4,000 ] 
030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................ 4,86 2,368 4,862,368 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES ................................................................................................................. 5,883,051 5,899,051 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
040 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY ............................................................................................. .............. 142,659 142,659 
050 NATIONAL DEFENSE UNIVERSITY ................................................................................................ ............... 78,416 78,416 
060 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................... 354,372 35 4,372 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................... 575,447 575,447 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
070 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... .................... 160,320 160,320 
090 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............ 570,177 570,177 
100 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... ... 1,374,536 1,374,536 
110 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ........................................................................................... ......... 642,551 642,551 
120 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ...... 1,282,755 1,292,755 
Sharkseer increase ............................................................................................................. ............................ [10,000 ] 
140 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. .............. 26,073 26,073 
150 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ................................................................................................... ................... 366,429 366,429 
160 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ..................... 192,625 192,625 
180 DEFENSE PERSONNEL ACCOUNTING AGENCY ........................................................................................ ..... 115,372 115,372 
190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ ...... 524,723 517,723 
Reduction to Combating Terrorism Fellowship .................................................................................... ............ [–7,000 ] 
200 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE ................................................................................................... ................... 508,396 508,396 
230 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................... 33 ,577 33,577 
240 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ......... 415,696 415,696 
260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................... 2,753,771 2,784,021 
Impact Aid ..................................................................................................................... ............................... [30,000 ] 
School lunches for territories ................................................................................................. ......................... [250 ] 
270 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ..................................................................................................... ..................... 432,068 432,068 
290 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................................. ............ 110,612 57,512 
Guam outside the fence infastructure ........................................................................................... .................. [–20,000 ] 
Defense industry adjustment .................................................................................................... ...................... [–33,100 ] 
300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ......... 1,388,285 1,378,785 
BRAC 2017 Planning and Support ................................................................................................. ................. [–10,500 ] 
OSD fleet architecture study ................................................................................................... ....................... [1,000 ] 
310 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/ADMIN & SVC-WIDE ACTIVITIES ......................................................... 83,263 83,26 3 
320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... ....... 621,688 621,688 
320 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ..................... 14,379,428 14,379,428 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................................... ............................ 0 –897,552 
Streamlining of Department of Defense Management Headquarters .................................................................. [–897,552 ] 
SUBTOTAL, ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................... 25,982,345 25,055,443 
UNDISTRIBUTED 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN CURRENCY ADJUSTMENT ................................................................................ 0 – 51,900 
Foreign currency adjustment .................................................................................................... ..................... [–51,900 ] 
xxx UNDISTRIBUTED BULK FUEL SAVINGS ............................................................................................ ........... 0 –36,000 
Bulk fuel savings .............................................................................................................. ............................ [–36,000 ] 
SUBTOTAL, UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................................... 0 –87,900 
TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ......................................................................... 32,440,843 31,442,041 
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS 
US COURT OF APPEALS FOR ARMED FORCES, DEF 
010 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE ................................................................... 14,078 14,078 
SUBTOTAL, US COURT OF APPEALS FOR ARMED FORCES, DEF ................................................................ 14,078 14,078 
OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID 
010 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID ............................................................................. 1 00,266 100,266 
SUBTOTAL, OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID ........................................................ 100,266 100,266 
COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4499 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
010 FORMER SOVIET UNION (FSU) THREAT REDUCTION ................................................................................. 358,496 358,496 
SUBTOTAL, COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT ..................................................................... 358,496 358,496 
DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND 
010 ACQ WORKFORCE DEV FD ....................................................................................................... ..................... 84,140 84,140 
SUBTOTAL, DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND ........................................................ 84,140 84,140 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY 
040 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................................ ........ 234,829 234,829 
SUBTOTAL, ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ................................................................................. 234,829 234,829 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY 
050 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................................ ......... 292,453 292,453 
SUBTOTAL, ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ................................................................................. 292,453 292,453 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE 
060 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................... ..... 368,131 368,131 
SUBTOTAL, ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ........................................................................ 368,131 368,131 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE 
070 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ...... 8,232 8,232 
SUBTOTAL, ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE .......................................................................... 8,232 8,232 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES 
080 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ........................................................................ 203,71 7 203,717 
SUBTOTAL, ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ................................................... 203,717 203,717 
TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................... 1,664,342 1,664,342 
TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... 176,517,228 134,071,146 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR 
OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................. 257,900 1,352,329 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [1,094,429 ] 
040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... ........................ 1,110,836 1,874,136 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [763,300 ] 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ............ 261,943 1,316,265 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [1,054,322 ] 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ............................... 22,160 1,568,289 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [1,546,129 ] 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ......... 1,119,201 4,277,807 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [3,158,606 ] 
080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ............... 117,881 117,881 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................... 50,000 50,000 
140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ......................... 4,500,666 4,500,666 
150 COMMANDERS EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM ...................................................................................... 10,000 10,000 
160 RESET ...................................................................................................................... ........................................ 1,834,777 1,834,777 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES .................................................................................................................. 9,285,364 16,902,150 
MOBILIZATION 
190 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. .................. 40,000 40,000 
SUBTOTAL, MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................... 40,000 40,000 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 
350 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ................ 529,891 529,891 
380 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... .................. 5,033 5,033 
420 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................... 100,480 100,480 
450 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ................... 154,350 154,350 
480 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 1,267,632 1,267,632 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 2,057,386 2,057,386 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ............................................................................................... 11,382,750 18,999,536 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................... 2,442 2,442 
050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ............ 813 813 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ......... 779 779 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................... 20,525 20,525 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES .................................................................................................................. 24,559 24,559 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4500 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ....................................................................................... 24,559 24,559 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ............................. 1,984 1,984 
030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .................... 4,671 4,671 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ............................... 15,980 15,980 
070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ......... 12,867 12,867 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .................... 23,134 23,134 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .................................................................................. 1, 426 1,426 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES .................................................................................................................. 60,062 60,062 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 783 783 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 783 783 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ............................................................................................... 60,845 60,845 
AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND 
MINISTRY OF DEFENSE 
010 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ................................ 2,214,899 2,214,899 
030 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... ............. 182,751 182,751 
040 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ..................... 281,555 281,555 
SUBTOTAL, MINISTRY OF DEFENSE ............................................................................................................. 2,679,205 2,679,205 
MINISTRY OF INTERIOR 
060 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ ................................ 901,137 901,137 
080 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... ............. 116,573 116,573 
090 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ..................... 65,342 65,342 
SUBTOTAL, MINISTRY OF INTERIOR ............................................................................................................ 1,083,052 1,083,052 
TOTAL AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND ......................................................................................... 3,762,257 3,762,257 
IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
010 IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .................................................................................................. .................... 715,000 715,000 
SUBTOTAL, IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .................................................................................................. 715,000 715,000 
TOTAL IRAQ TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND .......................................................................................................... 715,000 715,000 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 
010 SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ................................................................................................. ................... 600,000 600,000 
SUBTOTAL, SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ................................................................................................ 600,000 600,000 
TOTAL SYRIA TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND ........................................................................................................ 600,000 600,000 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ......... 358,417 5,302,082 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [4,940,365 ] 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ........................ [3,300 ] 
030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ............................................................................ 1 10 110 
040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ........... 4,513 4,513 
050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ .......................... 126,501 126,501 
060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ................ 75,897 990,433 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [897,536 ] 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ........................ [17,000 ] 
070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ......... 2,770 2,770 
080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ............................ 34,101 34,101 
090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ............ 1,184,878 5,472,536 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [4,287,658 ] 
100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ........... 16,663 16,663 
110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ..................... 1,922,829 7,883,780 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [5,960,951 ] 
130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ................... 33,577 33,577 
160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ............................. 26,454 26,454 
170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ............................................................................... 22,3 05 22,305 
180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ..................... 513,969 513,969 
190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... .................... 10,007 10,007 
250 IN-SERVICE WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .......... 60,865 60,865 
260 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ...................... 275,231 275,231 
290 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ................................................................................ 7 ,819 7,819 
300 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ..................... 61,422 61,422 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES .................................................................................................................. 4,738,328 20,845,138 
MOBILIZATION 
340 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ...... 5,307 5,307 
360 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ........................ 160,002 160,002 
SUBTOTAL, MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................... 165,309 165,309 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4501 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
400 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. .................... 44,845 44,845 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING ..................................................................................................... 44,845 44,845 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
480 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .............................. 2,513 2,513 
490 EXTERNAL RELATIONS ......................................................................................................... ......................... 500 500 
510 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ............................................................................ 5,309  5,309 
520 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................... 1,469 1,469 
550 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ................ 156,671 156,671 
580 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... ..... 8,834 8,834 
620 NAVAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICE ................................................................................................ .................. 1,490 1,490 
680 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 6,320 6,320 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 183,106 183,106 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ............................................................................................... 5,131,588 21,238,398 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ......................... 353,133 1,284,212 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [931,079 ] 
020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ............................... 259,676 1,191,433 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [931,757 ] 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 240,000 240,000 
060 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ..................... 16,026 16,026 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES .................................................................................................................. 868,835 2,731,671 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
110 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ............................ 37,862 37,862 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING ..................................................................................................... 37,862 37,862 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
150 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ................ 43,767 43,767 
180 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 2,070 2,070 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 45,837 45,837 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ............................................................................... 952,534 2,815,370 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ......... 4,033 4,033 
020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... .................. 60 60 
030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ................ 20,300 20,300 
100 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ..................... 7,250 7,250 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES .................................................................................................................. 31,643 31,643 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ........................................................................................ 31,643 31,643 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ............................ 2,500 2,500 
040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ..................... 955 955 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES .................................................................................................................. 3,455 3,455 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ................................................................................... 3,455 3,455 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ..................... 1,505,738 4,839,106 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [3,336,868 ] 
Retain Current A–10 Fleet ...................................................................................................... ......................... [–1,400 ] 
Unjustified Increase ........................................................................................................... ............................. [–2,100 ] 
020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. ............... 914,973 2,802,588 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [1,897,315 ] 
Unjustified Increase ........................................................................................................... ............................. [–14,000 ] 
Readiness funding increase ..................................................................................................... ........................ [4,300 ] 
030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. ... 31,978 31,978 
040 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 1,192,765 7,729,892 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [6,537,127 ] 
050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ................................................................ 85,625 8 5,625 
060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 917,269 917,269 
070 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ................ 30,219 30,219 
080 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ............. 174,734 174,734 
100 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ............................ 869 869 
110 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ...................... 5,008 5,008 
120 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ............................................................................ 100, 190 100,190 
xxx CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ......................... 22,893 22,893 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES .................................................................................................................. 4,982,261 16,740,371 
MOBILIZATION 
140 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ........................... 2,995,703 2,995,703 
150 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ................. 108,163 108,163 
160 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 511,059 2,128,630 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4502 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Transfer base requirement to OCO due to BCA .................................................................................... ............. [1,617,571 ] 
180 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 4,642 4,642 
SUBTOTAL, MOBILIZATION ........................................................................................................................... 3,619,567 5,237,138 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
190 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ .......................... 92 92 
240 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. .................... 11,986 11,986 
SUBTOTAL, TRAINING AND RECRUITING ..................................................................................................... 12,078 12,078 
ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 
340 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 86,716 86,716 
380 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 3,836 3,836 
400 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............... 165,348 165,348 
410 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ................. 204,683 141,683 
Reduction to the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq ........................................................................ ............ [–63,000 ] 
450 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ...................... 61 61 
450 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 15,463 15,463 
SUBTOTAL, ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 476,107 413,107 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ...................................................................................... 9,090,013 22,402,694 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE 
OPERATING FORCES 
030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ......................... 51,086 51,086 
050 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ................................ 7,020 7,020 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES .................................................................................................................. 58,106 58,106 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ................................................................................... 58,106 58,106 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG 
OPERATING FORCES 
020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. .................. 19,900 19,900 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES .................................................................................................................. 19,900 19,900 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ................................................................................................. 19,900 19,900 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE 
OPERATING FORCES 
010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... .......................... 9,900 9,900 
030 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES .............................................................................. 2, 345,835 2,345,835 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATING FORCES .................................................................................................................. 2,355,735 2,355,735 
ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
090 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............. 18,474 18,474 
120 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... ........ 29,579 29,579 
140 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ............... 110,000 110,000 
160 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ...................... 5,960 5,960 
190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ ....... 1,677,000 1,577,000 
Reduction from Coalition Support Funds ......................................................................................... ................ [–100,000 ] 
260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................... .. 73,000 73,000 
300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... .......... 106,709 106,709 
320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... ......... 2,102 2,102 
320 A CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS .......................................................................................................... ....................... 1,427,074 1,427,074 
SUBTOTAL, ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ................................................................. 3,449,898 3,349,898 
TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE .......................................................................... 5,805,633 5,705,633 
TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... 37,638,283 76,437,396 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL 
MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................................. ................ 130,491,227 129,236,727 
Military Personnel Underexecution .............................................................................................. ..................... [–987,200 ] 
Additional support for the National Guard’s Operation Phalanx .................................................................. ...... [21,700 ] 
Reduction for anticipated cost of TRICARE consolidation ........................................................................ ......... [–85,000 ] 
TRICARE program improvement initiatives ........................................................................................ ............... [15,000 ] 
Financial literacy improvement ................................................................................................. ....................... [85,000 ] 
Reduction from Foreign Currency Gains, Army .................................................................................... ............. [–65,200 ] 
Reduction from Foreign Currency Gains, Navy .................................................................................... .............. [–81,400 ] 
Reduction from Foreign Currency Gains, Marine Corps ............................................................................ ......... [–27,000 ] 
Reduction from Foreign Currency Gains, Air Force ............................................................................... ............ [–130,400 ] 
SUBTOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ......................................................................................... 130,491,227 129,236,727 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4503 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS 
MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS ......................................................................... 6,2 43,449 6,243,449 
SUBTOTAL, MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS ..................................................... 6,243,449 6,243,449 
TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL ............................................................................................................................... 136,734,676 135,480,176 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS 
CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL 
MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................................. ................ 3,204,758 3,204,758 
SUBTOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ......................................................................................... 3,204,758 3,204,758 
TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL ............................................................................................................................... 3,204,758 3,204,758 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 
020 SUPPLY MANAGEMENT—ARMY ..................................................................................................... ................... 50,432 50,432 
SUBTOTAL, WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY .................................................................................................. 50,432 50,432 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 
010 SUPPLIES AND MATERIALS ..................................................................................................... ......................... 62,898 62,898 
SUBTOTAL, WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ......................................................................................... 62,898 62,898 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 
030 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY (DLA) ............................................................................................. ................... 45,084 45,084 
SUBTOTAL, WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ................................................................................. 45,084 45,084 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 
020 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA ................................................................................................. ..................... 1,154,154 1,154,154 
SUBTOTAL, WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA .................................................................................................. 1,154,154 1,154,154 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND ..................................................................................................................... 1,312,568 1,312,568 
NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND 
040 POST DELIVERY AND OUTFITTING ............................................................................................... ................... 15,456 15,456 
060 LG MED SPD RO/RO MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................... .................. 124,493 124,493 
070 DOD MOBILIZATION ALTERATIONS ............................................................................................... .................. 8,243 8,243 
080 TAH MAINTENANCE ............................................................................................................ ............................... 27,784 27,784 
090 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................... .................... 25,197 25,197 
100 READY RESERVE FORCE ........................................................................................................ ........................... 272,991 272,991 
SUBTOTAL, NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND ........................................................................................... 474,164 474,164 
TOTAL NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND ................................................................................................... 474,164 474,164 
CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 
01 CHEM DEMILITARIZATION—O&M ................................................................................................... ................. 139,098 139,098 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... 139,098 139,098 
RDT&E 
02 CHEM DEMILITARIZATION—RDT&E ................................................................................................. ............... 579,342 579,342 
SUBTOTAL, RDT&E ............................................................................................................................... ............. 579,342 579,342 
PROCUREMENT 
03 CHEM DEMILITARIZATION—PROC .................................................................................................. ................. 2,281 2,281 
SUBTOTAL, PROCUREMENT ............................................................................................................................. 2,281 2,281 
TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION ..................................................................................... 720,721 720,721 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES 
010 DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE .............................................................. 739,009  761,009 
SOUTHCOM Operational support ................................................................................................... ................... [30,000] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4504 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Transfer to Demand Reduction Program ........................................................................................... .................. [–8,000] 
SUBTOTAL, DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES .......................................................... 739,009 761,009 
DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM 
020 DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM .............................................................................................. ............. 111,589 119,589 
Expanded drug testing .......................................................................................................... ............................. [8,000] 
SUBTOTAL, DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM ....................................................................................... 111,589 119,589 
TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ........................................................................ 850,598 880,598 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
010 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................ ................ 310,459 310,459 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. 310,459 310,459 
RDT&E 
020 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................ ................ 4,700 2,100 
Funding ahead of need .......................................................................................................... ............................ [–2,600] 
SUBTOTAL, RDT&E ............................................................................................................................... ............. 4,700 2,100 
PROCUREMENT 
030 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................ ................ 1,000 0 
Funding ahead of need .......................................................................................................... ............................ [–1,000] 
SUBTOTAL, PROCUREMENT ............................................................................................................................. 1,000 0 
TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................... 316,159 312,559 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 
010 IN-HOUSE CARE .............................................................................................................. ................................... 9,082,298 9,082,298 
020 PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ........................................................................................................ ............................ 14,892,683 14,892,683 
030 CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT ................................................................................................ ................. 2,415,658 2,405,368 
Reduction of funds related to Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria (CARB) project ......................................... [– 10,290] 
040 INFORMATION MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ..................... 1,677,827 1,677,827 
050 MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... ......................... 327,967 327,967 
060 EDUCATION AND TRAINING ..................................................................................................... ......................... 750,614 750,614 
070 BASE OPERATIONS/COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................................................. ............... 1,742,893 1,742,893 
xx UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN CURRENCY ADJUSTMENT ................................................................................... . 0 –36,400 
Foreign currency adjustment .................................................................................................... .......................... [–36,400] 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... 30,889,940 30,843,250 
RDT&E 
090 R&D RESEARCH ............................................................................................................... .................................. 10,996 10,996 
100 R&D EXPLORATRY DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ................ 59,473 56,323 
Reduction of funds related to Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria (CARB) project ......................................... [– 3,150] 
110 R&D ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................... ................... 231,356 228,256 
Reduction of funds related to Combating Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria (CARB) project ......................................... [– 3,100] 
120 R&D DEMONSTRATION/VALIDATION ............................................................................................... ................ 103,443 103,443 
130 R&D ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................ ................. 515,910 515,910 
140 R&D MANAGEMENT AND SUPPORT ................................................................................................. ................. 41,567 41,567 
150 R&D CAPABILITIES ENHANCEMENT ............................................................................................... .................. 17,356 17,356 
SUBTOTAL, RDT&E ............................................................................................................................... ............. 980,101 973,851 
PROCUREMENT 
160 PROC INITIAL OUTFITTING .................................................................................................... .......................... 33,392 33,392 
170 PROC REPLACEMENT & MODERNIZATION ........................................................................................... ........... 330,504 330,504 
180 PROC THEATER MEDICAL INFORMATION PROGRAM ................................................................................... .. 1,494 1,494 
190 PROC IEHR .................................................................................................................. ....................................... 7,897 7,897 
SUBTOTAL, PROCUREMENT ............................................................................................................................. 373,287 373,287 
TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM ............................................................................................................... 32,243,328 32,190,388 
TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS .................................................................................................................... 35,917,538 35,890,998 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVER-
SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 
020 TRANSPORTATION OF FALLEN HEROES ............................................................................................ .............. 2,500 2,500 
SUBTOTAL, WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ......................................................................................... 2,500 2,500 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 
030 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY (DLA) ............................................................................................. ................... 86,350 86,350 
SUBTOTAL, WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE ................................................................................. 86,350 86,350 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4505 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Line Item FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND ..................................................................................................................... 88,850 88,850 
DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES 
010 DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE .............................................................. 186,000  186,000 
SUBTOTAL, DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES .......................................................... 186,000 186,000 
TOTAL, DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ....................................................................... 186,000 186,000 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
010 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................ ................ 10,262 10,262 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. 10,262 10,262 
TOTAL, OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL .............................................................................................. 10,262 10,262 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 
010 IN-HOUSE CARE .............................................................................................................. ................................... 65,149 65,149 
020 PRIVATE SECTOR CARE ........................................................................................................ ............................ 192,210 192,210 
030 CONSOLIDATED HEALTH SUPPORT ................................................................................................ ................. 9,460 9,460 
060 EDUCATION AND TRAINING ..................................................................................................... ......................... 5,885 5,885 
SUBTOTAL, OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... 272,704 272,704 
TOTAL, DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM .............................................................................................................. 272,704 272,704 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND 
COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND 
090 COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ......................................................................................... ......... 2,100,000 1,000,000 
Request excess to need ......................................................................................................... .............................. [–1,100,000] 
SUBTOTAL, COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND ............................................................................. 2,100,000 1,000,000 
TOTAL, COUNTERTERRORISM PARTNERSHIPS FUND .................................................................................... 2,100,000 1,000,000 
UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE 
UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE 
xxx UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE ..................................................................................... ............ 0 300,000 
Provides assistance to Ukraine ................................................................................................. .......................... [300,000] 
SUBTOTAL, UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE ............................................................................ 0 300,000 
TOTAL, UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE ................................................................................... 0 300,000 
TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATION ...................................................................................................................... 2,657,816 1,857,816 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
MILCON, ARMY 
Alaska 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Greely Physical Readiness Training Facility ................................................ 7,800 7,800 
California 
MILCON, 
ARMY Concord Pier ................................................................................................. 98,000 98,000 
Colorado 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Carson, Colorado Rotary Wing Taxiway ...................................................................... 5,800 5,800 
Georgia 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Gordon Command and Control Facility ......................................................... 90,000 90,000 
Germany 
MILCON, 
ARMY Grafenwoehr Vehicle Maintenance Shop ............................................................... 51,000 51,000 
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba 
MILCON, 
ARMY Guantanamo Bay Unaccompanied Personnel Housing ................................................... 0 76,000 
Maryland 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Meade Access Control Point-Reece Road ...................................................... 0 19,500 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Meade Access Control Point-Mapes Road ..................................................... 0 15,000 
New York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4506 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Drum, New York NCO Academy Complex .................................................................... 19,000 19,000 
MILCON, 
ARMY U.S. Military Academy Waste Water Treatment Plant ........................................................... 70,000 70,000 
Oklahoma 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Sill Reception Barracks Complex Ph2 ...................................................... 56,000 56,000 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Sill Training Support Facility ................................................................. 13,400 13,400 
Texas 
MILCON, 
ARMY Corpus Christi Powertrain Facility (Infrastructure/Metal) ........................................ 85,000 85,000 
MILCON, 
ARMY Joint Base San Antonio Homeland Defense Operations Center ................................................ 43,000 0 
Virginia 
MILCON, 
ARMY Fort Lee Training Support Facility ................................................................. 33,000 33,000 
MILCON, 
ARMY Joint Base Myer-Henderson Instruction Building ......................................................................... 37,000 0  
Worldwide Unspecified 
MILCON, 
ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Host Nation Support ........................................................................ 36,000 36,000 
MILCON, 
ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Minor Construction .......................................................................... 25,000 25,000 
MILCON, 
ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 73,245 73,245 
MILCON, 
ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Prior Year Unobligated Amounts ...................................................... 0 –52,000 
SUBTOTAL, MILCON, ARMY ............................................................................................................................... . 743,245 721,745 
MIL CON, NAVY 
Arizona 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Yuma Aircraft Maint. Facilities & Apron (So. CALA) .................................. 50,635 50,635 
Bahrain Island 
MIL CON, 
NAVY SW Asia Mina Salman Pier Replacement ........................................................ 37,700 37,700 
MIL CON, 
NAVY SW Asia Ship Maintenance Support Facility ................................................... 52,091 52,091 
California 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Camp Pendleton, California Raw Water Pipeline Pendleton to Fallbrook ...................................... 44,540 0 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Camp Pendleton, California Pendleton Ops Center ....................................................................... 0 25,000 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Coronado Coastal Campus Utilities .................................................................. 4,856 4,856 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Lemoore F–35C Hangar Modernization and Addition ....................................... 56,497 56,497 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Lemoore F–35C Training Facilities .................................................................. 8,187 8,187 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Lemoore RTO and Mission Debrief Facility ..................................................... 7,146 7,146 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Miramar KC–130J Enlisted Air Crew Trainer ................................................... 0 11,200 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Point Mugu E–2C/D Hangar Additions and Renovations ....................................... 19,453 19,453 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Point Mugu Triton Avionics and Fuel Systems Trainer ......................................... 2,974 2,974 
MIL CON, 
NAVY San Diego LCS Support Facility ....................................................................... 37,366 37,366 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Twentynine Palms, California Microgrid Expansion ........................................................................ 9,160 9 ,160 
Florida 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Jacksonville Fleet Support Facility Addition ........................................................ 8,455 8,455 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Jacksonville Triton Mission Control Facility ......................................................... 8,296 8,296 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Mayport LCS Mission Module Readiness Center .............................................. 16,159 16,159 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Pensacola A-School Unaccopanied Housing (Corry Station) ............................... 18,347 18,347 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Whiting Field T–6B JPATS Training Operations Facility ......................................... 10,421 10,421 
Georgia 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Albany Ground Source Heat Pumps .............................................................. 7,851 7,851 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Kings Bay Industrial Control System Infrastructure ........................................... 8,099 8,099 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Townsend Townsend Bombing Range Expansion Phase 2 ................................... 48,279 43,279 
Guam 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4507 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Joint Region Marianas Live-Fire Training Range Complex (NW Field) .................................. 125,677 125,677 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Joint Region Marianas Municipal Solid Waste Landfill Closure ............................................ 10,777 10,777 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Joint Region Marianas Sanitary Sewer System Recapitalization ............................................ 45,314 45,314 
Hawaii 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Barking Sands PMRF Power Grid Consolidation ...................................................... 30,623 30,623 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam UEM Interconnect Sta C to Hickam .................................................. 6,335 6,335 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Welding School Shop Consolidation .................................................. 8,546 8,546 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Kaneohe Bay Airfield Lighting Modernization ....................................................... 26,097 26,097 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Kaneohe Bay Bachelor Enlisted Quarters ............................................................... 68,092 68,092 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Kaneohe Bay P–8A Detachment Support Facilities ................................................. 12,429 12,429 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Mcb Hawaii LHD Pad Conversions MV22 Landing Pads ....................................... 0 12,800 
Italy 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Sigonella P–8A Hangar and Fleet Support Facility ........................................... 62,302 62,302 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Sigonella Triton Hangar and Operation Facility .............................................. 40,641 40,641 
Japan 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Camp Butler Military Working Dog Facilities (Camp Hansen) ................................ 11,697 11,697 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Iwakuni E–2D Operational Trainer Complex ................................................... 8,716 8,716 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Iwakuni Security Modifications—CVW5/MAG12 HQ ........................................ 9,207 9,207 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Kadena AB Aircraft Maint. Shelters & Apron ...................................................... 23,310 23,310 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Yokosuka Child Development Center ................................................................ 13,846 13,846 
Maryland 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Patuxent River Unaccompanied Housing .................................................................. 40,935 40,935 
North Carolina 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Camp Lejeune Range Safety Improvements .............................................................. 0 19,400 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Camp Lejeune, North Carolina Simulator Integration/Range Control Facility .................................... 54,849 54,849 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air 
Station Air Field Security Improvements ....................................................... 0 23,300 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air 
Station KC130J Enlsited Air Crew Trainer Facility ........................................ 4,769 4,769 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air 
Station Unmanned Aircraft System Facilities ................................................ 29,657 29,657 
MIL CON, 
NAVY New River Operational Trainer Facility ............................................................ 3,312 3,312 
MIL CON, 
NAVY New River Radar Air Traffic Control Facility Addition ...................................... 4,918 4,918 
Poland 
MIL CON, 
NAVY RedziKowo Base AEGIS Ashore Missile Defense Complex ............................................. 51,270 51,270 
South Carolina 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Parris Island Range Safety Improvements & Modernization .................................... 27,075 27,075 
Virginia 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Dam Neck Maritime Surveillance System Facility ............................................... 23,066 23,066 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Norfolk Communications Center .................................................................... 75,289 75,289 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Norfolk Electrical Repairs to Piers 2,6,7, and 11 ............................................. 44,254 44,254 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Norfolk MH60 Helicopter Training Facility .................................................... 7,134 7,134 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Portsmouth Waterfront Utilities .......................................................................... 45,513 45,513 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Quantico ATFP Gate ...................................................................................... 5,840 5,840 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Quantico Electrical Distribution Upgrade ........................................................ 8,418 8,418 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Quantico Embassy Security Guard BEQ & Ops Facility .................................... 43,941 43,941 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Quantico TBS Fire Station Replacement .......................................................... 0 17,200 
Washington 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4508 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Bangor WRA Land/Water Interface .............................................................. 34,177 34,177 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Bremerton Dry Dock 6 Modernization & Utility Improve. ................................... 22,680 22,680 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Indian Island Shore Power to Ammunition Pier ...................................................... 4,472 4,472 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions MCON Design Funds ........................................................................ 91,649 91,649 
MIL CON, 
NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 22,590 22,590 
SUBTOTAL, MIL CON, NAVY ............................................................................................................................... 1,605,929 1,665,289 
MILCON, AIR FORCE 
Alaska 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A Flight Sim/Alter Squad Ops/AMU Facility ............................... 37,000 37,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Eielson AFB Rpr Central Heat & Power Plant Boiler Ph3 ...................................... 34,400 34,400 
Arizona 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Davis-Monthan AFB HC–130J Age Covered Storage ........................................................... 4,700 4,700 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Davis-Monthan AFB HC–130J Wash Rack ......................................................................... 12,200 12,200 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Luke AFB Communications Facility .................................................................. 0 21,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A ADAL Fuel Offload Facility ................................................... 5,000 5,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A Aircraft Maintenance Hangar/Sq 3 .......................................... 13,200 13,200 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A Bomb Build-Up Facility ......................................................... 5,500 5,500 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Luke AFB F–35A Sq Ops/AMU/Hangar/Sq 4 ....................................................... 33,000 33,000 
Colorado 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE U.S. Air Force Academy Front Gates Force Protection Enhancements ..................................... 10,000 10,000 
Florida 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Cape Canaveral AFS Range Communications Facility ........................................................ 21,000 21,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Eglin AFB F–35A Consolidated HQ Facility ....................................................... 8,700 8,700 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Hurlburt Field ADAL 39 Information Operations Squad Facility ............................... 14,200 14,200 
Greenland 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Thule AB Thule Consolidation Ph 1 ................................................................. 41,965 41,965 
Guam 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Region Marianas APR—Dispersed Maint Spares & SE Storage Fac ............................... 19,000 19,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Region Marianas APR—Installation Control Center ..................................................... 22,200 22,200 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Region Marianas APR—South Ramp Utilities Phase 2 .................................................. 7,100 7,100 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Region Marianas PRTC Roads .................................................................................... 2,500 2,500  
Hawaii 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam F–22 Fighter Alert Facility ............................................................... 46,000  46,000 
Japan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4509 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Yokota AB C–130J Flight Simulator Facility ....................................................... 8,461 8,461 
Kansas 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE McConnell AFB Air Traffic Control Tower ................................................................. 0 11,200 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE McConnell AFB KC–46A ADAL Deicing Pads ............................................................. 4,300 4,300 
Louisiana 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Barksdale AFB Consolidated Communications Facility .............................................. 0 20,000 
Maryland 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Fort Meade CYBERCOM Joint Operations Center, Increment 3 ............................ 86,000 86,000 
Missouri 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Whiteman AFB Consolidated Stealth Ops & Nuclear Alert Fac ................................... 29,500 29,500 
Montana 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Malmstrom AFB Tactical Response Force Alert Facility .............................................. 19,700 19,700 
Nebraska 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Offutt AFB Dormitory (144 RM) .......................................................................... 21,000 21,000 
Nevada 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Nellis AFB F–35A Airfield Pavements ................................................................. 31,000 31,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Nellis AFB F–35A Live Ordnance Loading Area .................................................. 34,500 34,500 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Nellis AFB F–35A Munitions Maintenance Facilities ........................................... 3,450 3,450 
New Mexico 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Cannon AFB Construct AT/FP Gate—Portales ....................................................... 7,800 7,800 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Holloman AFB Marshalling Area ARM/DE-ARM Pad D ........................................... 3,000 3,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Holloman AFB Fixed Ground Control ...................................................................... 0 3,200 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Kirtland AFB Space Vehicles Component Development Lab ..................................... 12,800 12,800 
New York 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Fort Drum, New York ASOS Expansion .............................................................................. 0 6,000 
Niger 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Agadez Construct Airfield and Base Camp .................................................... 50,000 50,000 
North Carolina 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Seymour Johnson AFB Air Traffic Control Tower/Base Ops Facility ...................................... 17,100 17,100 
Oklahoma 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Altus AFB Dormitory (120 RM) .......................................................................... 18,000 18,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Altus AFB KC–46A FTU ADAL Fuel Cell Maint Hangar ..................................... 10,400 10,400 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Tinker AFB Air Traffic Control Tower ................................................................. 12,900 12,900 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Tinker AFB KC–46A Depot Maintenance Dock ..................................................... 37,000 37,000 
Oman 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE AL Musannah AB Airlift Apron .................................................................................... 25,000 25,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4510 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
South Dakota 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Ellsworth AFB Dormitory (168 RM) .......................................................................... 23,000 23,000 
Texas 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Base San Antonio BMT Classrooms/Dining Facility 3 .................................................... 35,000 35,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Joint Base San Antonio BMT Recruit Dormitory 5 ................................................................. 71,000 71,000 
United Kingdom 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Croughton Raf Consolidated SATCOM/Tech Control Facility .................................... 36,424 36,424 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Croughton Raf JIAC Consolidation—Ph 2 ................................................................ 94,191 94,191 
Utah 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Hill AFB F–35A Flight Simulator Addition Phase 2 .......................................... 5,900 5,900 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Hill AFB F–35A Hangar 40/42 Additions and AMU ........................................... 21,000 21,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Hill AFB Hayman Igloos ................................................................................. 11,500 11,500 
Worldwide Classified 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Classified Location Long Range Strike Bomber ............................................................... 77,130 77,130 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Classified Location Munitions Storage ............................................................................ 3,000 3,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Prior Year Unobligated Amounts ...................................................... 0 –50,000 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ........................................................................ 89,164 8 9,164 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction .......................................... 22,900 22,900 
Wyoming 
MILCON, 
AIR FORCE F. E. Warren AFB Weapon Storage Facility .................................................................. 95,000 95,000 
SUBTOTAL, MILCON, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................................................... 1,354,785 1,366,185 
MIL CON, DEF-WIDE 
Alabama 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Rucker Fort Rucker ES/PS Consolidation/Replacement .................................. 46,787 46,787 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Maxwell AFB Maxwell ES/MS Replacement/Renovation .......................................... 32,968 32,968 
Arizona 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Huachuca JITC Buildings 52101/52111 Renovations ............................................ 3,884 3,884 
California 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Camp Pendleton, California SOF Combat Service Support Facility ................................................ 10,181 10,181 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Camp Pendleton, California SOF Performance Resiliency Center-West .......................................... 10,371 10,371 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Coronado SOF Logistics Support Unit One Ops Fac. #2 .................................... 47,218 47,218 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fresno Yosemite IAP ANG Replace Fuel Storage and Distrib. Facilities ...................................... 10,700 10,700 
Colorado 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Carson, Colorado SOF Language Training Facility ...................................................... 8,243 8,243 
Conus Classified 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Classified Location Operations Support Facility ............................................................. 20,065 20,065 
Delaware 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Dover AFB Construct Hydrant Fuel System ........................................................ 21,600 21,600 
Djibouti 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Camp Lemonier, Djibouti Construct Fuel Storage & Distrib. Facilities ....................................... 43,700 43,700 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4511 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Florida 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Hurlburt Field SOF Fuel Cell Maintenance Hangar ................................................. 17,989 17,989 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE MacDill AFB SOF Operational Support Facility .................................................... 39,142 39,142 
Georgia 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Moody AFB Replace Pumphouse and Truck Fillstands ......................................... 10,900 10,900 
Germany 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Garmisch Garmisch E/MS-Addition/Modernization ............................................ 14,676 14,676 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Grafenwoehr Grafenwoehr Elementary School Replacement ................................... 38,138 38,138 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Rhine Ordnance Barracks Medical Center Replacement Incr 5 ................................................... 85,034 85,034 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Spangdahlem AB Construct Fuel Pipeline .................................................................... 5,500 5,500 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Spangdahlem AB Medical/Dental Clinic Addition ......................................................... 34,071 34,071 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Stuttgart-Patch Barracks Patch Elementary School Replacement .............................................. 49,413 49,413 
Hawaii 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Kaneohe Bay Medical/Dental Clinic Replacement ................................................... 122,071 122,071 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Schofield Barracks Behavioral Health/Dental Clinic Addition ......................................... 123,838 123,838 
Japan 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Kadena AB Airfield Pavements ........................................................................... 37,485 37,485 
Kentucky 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Campbell, Kentucky SOF Company HQ/Classrooms .......................................................... 12,553 12,553 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Knox Fort Knox HS Renovation/MS Addition ............................................. 23,279 23,279 
Maryland 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Meade NSAW Campus Feeders Phase 2 ........................................................ 33,745 33,745 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #2 Incr 1 .............................................. 34,897 34,897 
Nevada 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Nellis AFB Replace Hydrant Fuel System ........................................................... 39,900 39,900 
New Mexico 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Cannon AFB Construct Pumphouse and Fuel Storage ............................................ 20,400 20,400 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Cannon AFB SOF Squadron Operations Facility ................................................... 11,565 11,565 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Cannon AFB SOF ST Operational Training Facilities ............................................ 13,146 13,146 
New York 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE West Point West Point Elementary School Replacement ....................................... 55,778 55,778 
North Carolina 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Camp Lejeune, North Carolina SOF Combat Service Support Facility ................................................ 14,036 14,036 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Camp Lejeune, North Carolina SOF Marine Battalion Company/Team Facilities ............................... 54,970 54,970 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Bragg Butner Elementary School Replacement ............................................ 32,944 32,944 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF 21 STS Operations Facility ........................................................ 16,863 16,863 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Battalion Operations Facility .................................................... 38,549 38,549 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Indoor Range ........................................................................... 8,303 8,303 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Intelligence Training Center ..................................................... 28,265 28,265 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Special Tactics Facility (PH 2) .................................................. 43,887 43,887 
Ohio 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Wright-Patterson AFB Satellite Pharmacy Replacement ....................................................... 6,623 6,623 
Oregon 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Klamath Falls IAP Replace Fuel Facilities ..................................................................... 2,500 2,500 
Pennsylvania 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Philadelphia Replace Headquarters ....................................................................... 49,700 0 
Poland 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE RedziKowo Base Aegis Ashore Missile Defense System Complex .................................... 169,153 169,153 
South Carolina 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4512 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Jackson Pierce Terrace Elementary School Replacement ................................. 26,157 26,157 
Spain 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Rota Rota ES and HS Additions ................................................................ 13,737 13,737 
Texas 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Bliss Hospital Replacement Incr 7 ............................................................. 239,884 239,884 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Joint Base San Antonio Ambulatory Care Center Phase 4 ....................................................... 61,776 61,776 
Virginia 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Belvoir Construct Visitor Control Center ....................................................... 5,000 5,000 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Fort Belvoir Replace Ground Vehicle Fueling Facility .......................................... 4,500 4,500 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Joint Base Langley-Eustis Replace Fuel Pier and Distribution Facility ....................................... 28,000 28,000 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Joint Expeditionary Base Little 
Creek—Story SOF Applied Instruction Facility ...................................................... 23,916 23,916 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Contingency Construction ................................................................ 10,000 10,000 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions ECIP Design .................................................................................... 10,000 10,000 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Energy Conservation Investment Program ......................................... 150,000 150,000 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Exercise Related Minor Construction ................................................. 8,687 8,687 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 118,632 118,632 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 23,676 23,676 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Prior year savings, including rescoped medical facility at Fort Knox .. 0 –120,000 
MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Various Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ........................................................................... 31,772 31,772 
SUBTOTAL, MIL CON, DEF-WIDE ........................................................................................................................ 2,300,767 2,131,067 
MILCON, ARNG 
Alabama 
MILCON, 
ARNG Camp Foley Vehicle Maintenance Shop ............................................................... 0 4,500 
Connecticut 
MILCON, 
ARNG Camp Hartell Ready Building (CST-WMD) ............................................................ 11,000 11,000 
Delaware 
MILCON, 
ARNG Dagsboro National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop ....................................... 10,800 10,800 
Florida 
MILCON, 
ARNG Palm Coast National Guard Readiness Center ..................................................... 18,000 18,000 
Georgia 
MILCON, 
ARNG Fort Stewart Tactical Aerial Unmanned Systems ................................................... 0 6,800 
Illinois 
MILCON, 
ARNG Sparta Basic 10M–25M Firing Range (Zero) .................................................. 1,900 1,900 
Kansas 
MILCON, 
ARNG Salina Automated Combat Pistol/MP Firearms Qual Cour ............................. 2,400 2,400 
MILCON, 
ARNG Salina Modified Record Fire Range ............................................................. 4,300 4,300 
Maryland 
MILCON, 
ARNG Easton National Guard Readiness Center ..................................................... 13,800 13,800 
Mississippi 
MILCON, 
ARNG Gulfport Aviation Classification and Repair .................................................... 0 40,000 
Nevada 
MILCON, 
ARNG Reno National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop Add/A ............................. 8,000 8,000 
Ohio 
MILCON, 
ARNG Camp Ravenna Modified Record Fire Range ............................................................. 3,300 3,300 
Oregon 
MILCON, 
ARNG Salem National Guard/Reserve Center Bldg Add/Alt (J ................................. 16,500 16,500 
Pennsylvania 
MILCON, 
ARNG Fort Indiantown Gap Training Aids Center ........................................................................ 16,000 16,000 
Vermont 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4513 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
MILCON, 
ARNG North Hyde Park National Guard Vehicle Maintenance Shop Addit .............................. 7,900 7,900 
Virginia 
MILCON, 
ARNG Richmond National Guard/Reserve Center Building (JFHQ) ............................... 29,000 29,000 
Washington 
MILCON, 
ARNG Yakima Enlisted Barracks, Transient Training .............................................. 19,000 19,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MILCON, 
ARNG Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 20,337 20,337 
MILCON, 
ARNG Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 15,000 15,000 
SUBTOTAL, MILCON, ARNG ............................................................................................................................... . 197,237 248,537 
MILCON, ANG 
Alabama 
MILCON, 
ANG Dannelly Field TFI—Replace Squadron Operations Facility ...................................... 7,600 7,600 
California 
MILCON, 
ANG Moffett Field Replace Vehicle Maintenance Facility ............................................... 6,500 6,500 
Colorado 
MILCON, 
ANG Buckley Air Force Base ASE Maintenance and Storage Facility ............................................. 5,100 5,100 
Connecticut 
MILCON, 
ANG Bradley Ops and Deployment Facility ........................................................... 0 6,300 
Florida 
MILCON, 
ANG Cape Canaveral AFS Space Control Facility ...................................................................... 0 6,100 
Georgia 
MILCON, 
ANG Savannah/Hilton Head IAP C–130 Squadron Operations Facility .................................................. 9,000 9,000 
Hawaii 
MILCON, 
ANG Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam F–22 Composite Repair Facility ......................................................... 0 9,700 
Iowa 
MILCON, 
ANG Des Moines Map Air Operations Grp/CYBER Beddown-Reno Blg 430 ........................... 6,700 6,700 
Kansas 
MILCON, 
ANG Smokey Hill ANG Range Range Training Support Facilities .................................................... 2,900 2,900 
Louisiana 
MILCON, 
ANG New Orleans Replace Squadron Operations Facility .............................................. 10,000 10,000 
Maine 
MILCON, 
ANG Bangor IAP Add to and Alter Fire Crash/Rescue Station ...................................... 7,200 7,200 
New Hampshire 
MILCON, 
ANG Pease International Trade Port Bidg Mo KC–46 Fuselage Trainer ...................................................... 0 1,500 
MILCON, 
ANG Pease International Trade Port KC–46A ADAL Flight Simulator Bldg 156 .......................................... 2,800 2,800 
New Jersey 
MILCON, 
ANG Atlantic City IAP Fuel Cell and Corrosion Control Hangar ........................................... 10,200 10,200 
New York 
MILCON, 
ANG Niagara Falls IAP Remotely Piloted Aircraft Beddown Bldg 912 ..................................... 7,700 7,700 
North Carolina 
MILCON, 
ANG Charlotte/Douglas IAP Replace C–130 Squadron Operations Facility ..................................... 9,000 9,000 
North Dakota 
MILCON, 
ANG Hector IAP Intel Targeting Facilities .................................................................. 7,300 7,300 
Oklahoma 
MILCON, 
ANG Will Rogers World Airport Medium Altitude Manned ISR Beddown ............................................ 7,600 7,600 
Oregon 
MILCON, 
ANG Klamath Falls IAP Replace Fire Crash/Rescue Station .................................................... 7,200 7,200 
West Virginia 
MILCON, 
ANG Yeager Airport Force Protection—Relocate Coonskin Road ....................................... 3,900 3,900 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MILCON, 
ANG Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ........................................................................ 5,104 5, 104 
MILCON, 
ANG Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 7,734 7,734 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4514 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
SUBTOTAL, MILCON, ANG ............................................................................................................................... ... 123,538 147,138 
MILCON, ARMY R 
California 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Miramar Army Reserve Center ........................................................................ 24,000 24,000 
Florida 
MILCON, 
ARMY R MacDill AFB AR Center/AS Facility ...................................................................... 55,000 55,000 
Mississippi 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Starkville Army Reserve Center ........................................................................ 9,300 9,300 
New York 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Orangeburg Organizational Maintenance Shop .................................................... 4,200 4,200 
Pennsylvania 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Conneaut Lake DAR Highway Improvement ............................................................. 5,000 5,000 
Puerto Rico 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Fort Buchanan Access Control Point ........................................................................ 0 10,200 
Virginia 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Fort AP Hill Equipment Concentration ................................................................. 0 24,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 9,318 9,318 
MILCON, 
ARMY R Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Unspecified Minor Construction ........................................................ 6,777 6,777 
SUBTOTAL, MILCON, ARMY R ............................................................................................................................. 113,595 147,795 
MIL CON, NAVY RES 
Nevada 
MIL CON, 
NAVY RES Fallon NAVOPSPTCEN Fallon .................................................................... 11,480 11,480 
New York 
MIL CON, 
NAVY RES Brooklyn Reserve Center Storage Facility ........................................................ 2,479 2,479 
Virginia 
MIL CON, 
NAVY RES Dam Neck Reserve Training Center Complex ...................................................... 18,443 18,443 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MIL CON, 
NAVY RES Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions MCNR Planning & Design ................................................................ 2,208 2,208 
MIL CON, 
NAVY RES Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions MCNR Unspecified Minor Construction ............................................. 1,468 1,468 
SUBTOTAL, MIL CON, NAVY RES ........................................................................................................................ 36,078 36,078 
MILCON, AF RES 
California 
MILCON, AF 
RES March AFB Satellite Fire Station ........................................................................ 4,600 4,600 
Florida 
MILCON, AF 
RES Patrick AFB Aircrew Life Support Facility ........................................................... 3,400 3,400 
Georgia 
MILCON, AF 
RES Dobbins Fire Station/Security Complex ........................................................... 0 10,400 
Ohio 
MILCON, AF 
RES Youngstown Indoor Firing Range ......................................................................... 9,400 9,400 
Texas 
MILCON, AF 
RES Joint Base San Antonio Consolidate 433 Medical Facility ....................................................... 9,900 9,900 
Worldwide Unspecified 
MILCON, AF 
RES Various Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ........................................................................ 13,400 1 3,400 
MILCON, AF 
RES Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Military Construction .......................................... 6,121 6,121 
SUBTOTAL, MILCON, AF RES .............................................................................................................................. 46,821 57,221 
NATO SEC INV PRGM 
Worldwide Unspecified 
NATO SEC 
INV PRGM NATO Security Investment Pro-
gram NATO Security Investment Program .................................................. 120,000 120,000 
SUBTOTAL, NATO SEC INV PRGM ...................................................................................................................... 120,000 120,000 
TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION .................................................................................................................... 6,641,995 6,641,055 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4515 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
FAMILY HOUSING 
FAM HSG CON, ARMY 
Florida 
FAM HSG 
CON, ARMY Camp Rudder Family Housing Replacement Construction ........................................ 8,000 8,000 
Germany 
FAM HSG 
CON, ARMY Wiesbaden Army Airfield Family Housing Improvements .......................................................... 3,500 3,500 
Illinois 
FAM HSG 
CON, ARMY Rock Island Family Housing Replacement Construction ........................................ 20,000 20,000 
Korea 
FAM HSG 
CON, ARMY Camp Walker Family Housing New Construction .................................................... 61,000 61,000 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
CON, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Family Housing P & D ..................................................................... 7,195 7,195 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG CON, ARMY ...................................................................................................................... 99,695 99,695 
FAM HSG O&M, ARMY 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings ..................................................................................... 25,552 25,552 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leased Housing ................................................................................ 144,879 144,879 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance of Real Property Facilities ............................................ 75,197 75,197 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account ....................................................................... 48,515 48,515 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Military Housing Privitization Initiative ........................................... 22,000 22,000 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Miscellaneous .................................................................................. 840 840 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Services ........................................................................................... 10,928 10,928 
FAM HSG 
O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities ........................................................................................... 65,600 65,600 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG O&M, ARMY ..................................................................................................................... 393,511 393,511 
FAM HSG CON, N/MC 
Virginia 
FAM HSG 
CON, N/MC Wallops Island Construct Housing Welcome Center ................................................... 438 438 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
CON, N/MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Design ............................................................................................. 4,588 4,588 
FAM HSG 
CON, N/MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Improvements ................................................................................... 11,515 11,515 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG CON, N/MC ....................................................................................................................... 16,541 16,541 
FAM HSG O&M, N/MC 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings Account ........................................................................ 17,534 17,534 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 64,108 64,108 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance of Real Property .......................................................... 99,323 99,323 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account ....................................................................... 56,189 56,189 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4516 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Miscellaneous Account ..................................................................... 373 373 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Privatization Support Costs .............................................................. 28,668 28,668 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Services Account .............................................................................. 19,149 19,149 
FAM HSG 
O&M, N/ MC Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities Account .............................................................................. 67,692 67,692 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG O&M, N/MC ...................................................................................................................... 353,036 353,036 
FAM HSG CON, AF 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
CON, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Improvements ................................................................................... 150,649 150,649 
FAM HSG 
CON, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Planning and Design ........................................................................ 9,849 9,849 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG CON, AF ........................................................................................................................... 160,498 160,498 
FAM HSG O&M, AF 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings Account ........................................................................ 38,746 38,746 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Housing Privatization ...................................................................... 41,554 41,554 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 28,867 28,867 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance .................................................................................... 114,129 114,129 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account ....................................................................... 52,153 52,153 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Miscellaneous Account ..................................................................... 2,032 2,032 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Services Account .............................................................................. 12,940 12,940 
FAM HSG 
O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities Account .............................................................................. 40,811 40,811 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG O&M, AF ........................................................................................................................... 331,232 331,232 
FAM HSG O&M, DW 
Worldwide Unspecified 
FAM HSG 
O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Furnishings Account ........................................................................ 4,203 4,203 
FAM HSG 
O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Leasing ........................................................................................... 51,952 51,952 
FAM HSG 
O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Maintenance of Real Property .......................................................... 1,448 1,448 
FAM HSG 
O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Management Account ....................................................................... 388 388 
FAM HSG 
O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Services Account .............................................................................. 31 31 
FAM HSG 
O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions Utilities Account .............................................................................. 646 646 
SUBTOTAL, FAM HSG O&M, DW .......................................................................................................................... 58,668 58,668 
TOTAL FAMILY HOUSING ............................................................................................................................... .... 1,413,181 1,413,181 
DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE 
DOD BRAC—ARMY 
Worldwide Unspecified 
DOD 
BRAC— ARMY Base Realignment & Closure, 
Army Base Realignment and Closure .......................................................... 29,691 29,691 
SUBTOTAL, DOD BRAC—ARMY ........................................................................................................................... 29,691 29,691 
DOD BRAC—NAVY 
Worldwide Unspecified 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Base Realignment & Closure, 
Navy Base Realignment & Closure ............................................................. 118,906 118,906 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–100: Planing, Design and Management ..................................... 7,787 7,787 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4517 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Account State or Country and Installa-
tion Project Title Budget 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–101: Various Locations ............................................................. 20,871 20,871 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–138: NAS Brunswick, ME ......................................................... 803 803 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–157: MCSA Kansas City, MO .................................................... 41 41 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–172: NWS Seal Beach, Concord, CA .......................................... 4,872 4,872 
DOD 
BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DON–84: JRB Willow Grove & Cambria Reg AP ................................. 3,808 3,808 
SUBTOTAL, DOD BRAC—NAVY ........................................................................................................................... 157,088 157,088 
DOD BRAC—AIR FORCE 
Worldwide Unspecified 
DOD 
BRAC— AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Loca-
tions DoD BRAC Activities—Air Force ...................................................... 64,555 64,555 
SUBTOTAL, DOD BRAC—AIR FORCE .................................................................................................................. 64,555 64,555 
TOTAL DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE .................................................................................... 251,334 251,334 
TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, FAMILY HOUSING, AND BRAC ................................................................. 8,306,510 8,305,570 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL 
SECURITY PROGRAMS. 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Discretionary Summary By Appropriation 
Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: 
Energy Programs 
Nuclear Energy ................................................................................................................. ............................. 135,161 135,161 
Atomic Energy Defense Activities 
National nuclear security administration: 
Weapons activities ............................................................................................................. ....................... 8,846,948 9,026,948 
Defense nuclear nonproliferation ............................................................................................... ............... 1,940,302 1,945,302 
Naval reactors ................................................................................................................. ......................... 1,375,496 1,375,496 
Federal salaries and expenses .................................................................................................. ................. 402,654 402,654 
Total, National nuclear security administration ....................................................................................................... 12,565,400 12,750,400 
Environmental and other defense activities: 
Defense environmental cleanup .................................................................................................. ............... 5,527,347 5,075,550 
Other defense activities ....................................................................................................... ...................... 774,425 774,425 
Total, Environmental & other defense activities ........................................................................................................ 6,301,772 5,849,975 
Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities .................................................................................................................... 18,867,172 18,600,375 
Total, Discretionary Funding ............................................................................................................................... ..... 19,002,333 18,735,536 
Nuclear Energy 
Idaho sitewide safeguards and security ......................................................................................... .............................. 126,161 126,161 
Used nuclear fuel disposition .................................................................................................. .................................... 9,000 9,000 
Total, Nuclear Energy ............................................................................................................................... ................ 135,161 135,161 
Weapons Activities 
Directed stockpile work 
Life extension programs 
B61 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ........................ 643,300 643,300 
W76 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ....................... 244,019 244,019 
W88 Alt 370 .................................................................................................................... ................................ 220,176 220,176 
W80–4 Life extension program ................................................................................................... ...................... 195,037 195,037 
Total, Life extension programs ............................................................................................................................... ... 1,302,532 1,302,532 
Stockpile systems 
B61 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 52,247 52,247 
W76 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 50,921 50,921 
W78 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 64,092 64,092 
W80 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 68,005 68,005 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4518 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
B83 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ............................ 42,177 42,177 
W87 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 89,299 89,299 
W88 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................... 115,685 115,685 
Total, Stockpile systems ............................................................................................................................... ............. 482,426 482,426 
Weapons dismantlement and disposition 
Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ...................... 48,049 48,049 
Stockpile services 
Production support ............................................................................................................. ............................ 447,527 447,527 
Research and development support ............................................................................................... ................... 34,159 34,159 
R&D certification and safety ................................................................................................... ....................... 192,613 192,613 
Management, technology, and production ......................................................................................... .............. 264,994 264,994 
Total, Stockpile services ............................................................................................................................... ............. 939,293 939,293 
Nuclear material commodities 
Uranium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ......................... 32,916 32,916 
Plutonium sustainment .......................................................................................................... ......................... 174,698 174,698 
Tritium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ........................... 107,345 107,345 
Domestic uranium enrichment .................................................................................................... ..................... 100,000 100,000 
Total, Nuclear material commodities ........................................................................................................................ 414,959 414,959 
Total, Directed stockpile work ............................................................................................................................... .... 3,187,259 3,187,259 
Research, development, test and evaluation (RDT&E) 
Science 
Advanced certification ......................................................................................................... ........................... 50,714 50,714 
Primary assessment technologies ................................................................................................ ..................... 98,500 98,500 
Dynamic materials properties ................................................................................................... ....................... 109,000 109,000 
Advanced radiography ........................................................................................................... ........................ 47,000 47,000 
Secondary assessment technologies .............................................................................................. .................... 84,400 84,400 
Total, Science ............................................................................................................................... ............................. 389,614 389,614 
Engineering 
Enhanced surety ................................................................................................................ ............................ 50,821 50,821 
Weapon systems engineering assessment technology ............................................................................... .......... 17,371 17,371 
Nuclear survivability .......................................................................................................... ............................ 24,461 24,461 
Enhanced surveillance .......................................................................................................... .......................... 38,724 48,724 
Program increase ............................................................................................................... ....................... [10,000 ] 
Total, Engineering ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 131,377 141,377 
Inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield 
Ignition ....................................................................................................................... .................................. 73,334 73,334 
Support of other stockpile programs ............................................................................................ .................... 22,843 22,843 
Diagnostics, cryogenics and experimental support ............................................................................... ............. 58,587 58,587 
Pulsed power inertial confinement fusion ....................................................................................... ................. 4,963 4,963 
Joint program in high energy density laboratory plasmas ........................................................................ ......... 8,900 8,900 
Facility operations and target production ...................................................................................... .................. 333,823 333,823 
Total, Inertial confinement fusion and high yield ..................................................................................................... 502,450 502,450 
Advanced simulation and computing .............................................................................................. ....................... 623,006 623,006 
Response Capabilities Program .................................................................................................. ............................ 0 20,000 
Supports flexible design capability for national labs .......................................................................... ............... [20,000 ] 
Advanced manufacturing 
Component manufacturing development ............................................................................................ .............. 112,256 112,256 
Processing technology development .............................................................................................. ................... 17,800 17,800 
Total, Advanced manufacturing ............................................................................................................................... 130,056 130,056 
Total, RDT&E ............................................................................................................................... ............................ 1,776,503 1,806,503 
Readiness in technical base and facilities (RTBF) 
Operating 
Program readiness .............................................................................................................. ............................ 75,185 75,185 
Material recycle and recovery .................................................................................................. ....................... 173,859 173,859 
Storage ........................................................................................................................ .................................. 40,920 40,920 
Recapitalization ............................................................................................................... .............................. 104,327 104,327 
Total, Operating ............................................................................................................................... ........................ 394,291 394,291 
Construction: 
15–D–302, TA–55 Reinvestment project, Phase 3, LANL ............................................................................ ......... 18,195 18,195 
11–D–801 TA–55 Reinvestment project Phase 2, LANL .............................................................................. ......... 3,903 3,903 
07–D–220 Radioactive liquid waste treatment facility upgrade project, LANL ..................................................... 11,533 11,533 
07–D–220-04 Transuranic liquid waste facility, LANL ............................................................................ ........... 40,949 40,949 
06–D–141 PED/Construction, Uranium Capabilities Replacement Project Y–12 .................................................... 430 ,000 430,000 
04–D–125 Chemistry and metallurgy replacement project, LANL .................................................................... .... 155,610 155,610 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .................... 660,190 660,190 
Total, Readiness in technical base and facilities ...................................................................................................... 1,054,481 1,054,481 
Secure transportation asset 
Operations and equipment ....................................................................................................... ............................. 146,272 146,272 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................... 105,338 105,338 
Total, Secure transportation asset ............................................................................................................................ 251,610 251,610 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4519 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Infrastructure and safety 
Operations of facilities 
Kansas City Plant .............................................................................................................. ............................ 100,250 100,250 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... ............... 70,671 70,671 
Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. .................... 196,460 196,460 
Nevada National Security Site .................................................................................................. ....................... 89,000 89,000 
Pantex ......................................................................................................................... .................................. 58,021 58,021 
Sandia National Laboratory ..................................................................................................... ...................... 115,300 115,300 
Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ ........................... 80,463 80,463 
Y–12 National security complex ................................................................................................. ...................... 120,625 120,625 
Total, Operations of facilities ............................................................................................................................... .... 830,790 830,790 
Safety operations .............................................................................................................. .................................... 107,701 107,701 
Maintenance .................................................................................................................... .................................... 227,000 227,000 
Recapitalization ............................................................................................................... .................................... 257,724 407,724 
Increase to support deferred maintenance ....................................................................................... ................. [150,000 ] 
Construction: 
16–D–621 Substation replacement at TA–3, LANL .................................................................................. ........... 25,000 25,000 
15–D–613 Emergency Operations Center, Y–12 ..................................................................................... ............. 17,919 17,919 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .................... 42,919 42,919 
Total, Infrastructure and safety ............................................................................................................................... .1,466,134 1,616,134 
Site stewardship 
Nuclear materials integration .................................................................................................. .............................. 17,510 17,510 
Minority serving institution partnerships program .............................................................................. ................... 19,085 19,085 
Total, Site stewardship ............................................................................................................................... .............. 36,595 36,595 
Defense nuclear security 
Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ............................ 619,891 619,891 
Construction: 
14–D–710 Device assembly facility argus installation project, NV ............................................................... ........ 13,000 13,000 
Total, Defense nuclear security ............................................................................................................................... .. 632,891 632,891 
Information technology and cybersecurity ....................................................................................... ............................ 157,588 157,588 
Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... .................................... 283,887 283,887 
Total, Weapons Activities ............................................................................................................................... ........... 8,846,948 9,026,948 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D 
Global material security ....................................................................................................... ........................... 426,751 426,751 
Material management and minimization ........................................................................................... ............... 311,584 311,584 
Nonproliferation and arms control .............................................................................................. ..................... 126,703 126,703 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation R&D ........................................................................................... ................ 419,333 419,333 
Nonproliferation Construction: 
99–D–143 Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility, SRS ..................................................................... 3 45,000 345,000 
Analysis of Alternatives ....................................................................................................... ..................... 0 5,000 
Assess alternatives to MOX ..................................................................................................... ............ [5,000 ] 
Total, Nonproliferation construction ........................................................................................................................ 345,000 350,000 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs .................................................................................................. 1,629,371 1,634,371 
Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... .................................... 94,617 94,617 
Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program ......................................................................... ..................... 234,390 234,390 
Use of prior-year balances ..................................................................................................... ..................................... –18,076 –18,076 
Subtotal, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation .............................................................................................................. 1,940,302 1,945,302 
Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ................................................................................................................... 1,940,302 1,945,302 
Naval Reactors 
Naval reactors operations and infrastructure ................................................................................... ............................ 445,196 445,196 
Naval reactors development ..................................................................................................... .................................... 444,400 444,400 
Ohio replacement reactor systems development ................................................................................... .......................... 186,800 186,800 
S8G Prototype refueling ........................................................................................................ ...................................... 133,000 133,000 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ......................................... 45,000 45,000 
Construction: 
15–D–904 NRF Overpack Storage Expansion 3 ...................................................................................... .................. 900 900 
15–D–903 KL Fire System Upgrade ................................................................................................ ......................... 600 600 
15–D–902 KS Engineroom team trainer facility ................................................................................... ..................... 3,100 3,100 
14–D–902 KL Materials characterization laboratory expansion, KAPL .............................................................. ....... 30,000 30,000 
14–D–901 Spent fuel handling recapitalization project, NRF ..................................................................... ............... 86,000 86,000 
10-D–903, Security upgrades, KAPL .............................................................................................. ......................... 500 500 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .................... 121,100 121,100 
Total, Naval Reactors ............................................................................................................................... ................ 1,375,496 1,375,496 
Federal Salaries And Expenses 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ......................................... 402,654 402,654 
Total, Office Of The Administrator ........................................................................................................................... 402,654 402,654 
Defense Environmental Cleanup 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4520 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Closure sites: 
Closure sites administration ................................................................................................... ............................... 4,889 4,889 
Hanford site: 
River corridor and other cleanup operations: 
River corridor and other cleanup operations .................................................................................... ................ 196,957 196,957 
Central plateau remediation: 
Central plateau remediation .................................................................................................... ........................ 555,163 555,163 
Richland community and regulatory support ...................................................................................... ............. 14,701 14,701 
Construction: 
15–D–401 Containerized sludge removal annex, RL ................................................................................ ........... 77,016 77,016 
Total, Hanford site ............................................................................................................................... ..................... 843,837 843,837 
Idaho National Laboratory: 
Idaho cleanup and waste disposition ............................................................................................ ......................... 357,783 357,783 
Idaho community and regulatory support ......................................................................................... ..................... 3,000 3,000 
Total, Idaho National Laboratory ............................................................................................................................. 360,783 360,783 
NNSA sites 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... ..................... 1,366 1,366 
Nevada ......................................................................................................................... ....................................... 62,385 62,385 
Sandia National Laboratories ................................................................................................... ............................ 2,500 2,500 
Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. .......................... 188,625 208,625 
Accelerate cleanup of transuranic waste ........................................................................................ .................. [20,000 ] 
Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites ..................................................................................................................... 254,876 274,876 
Oak Ridge Reservation: 
OR Nuclear facility D & D 
OR Nuclear facility D & D ...................................................................................................... ........................ 75,958 75,958 
Construction: 
14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility ................................................................................ ....... 6,800 6,800 
Total, OR Nuclear facility D & D .............................................................................................................................. 82,758 82,758 
U233 Disposition Program ....................................................................................................... .............................. 26,895 26,895 
OR cleanup and disposition: 
OR cleanup and disposition ..................................................................................................... ....................... 60,500 60,500 
Total, OR cleanup and disposition ............................................................................................................................ 60,500 60,500 
OR reservation community and regulatory support ................................................................................ ...................... 4,400 4,400 
Solid waste stabilization and disposition 
Oak Ridge technology development ............................................................................................... ........... 2,800 2,800 
Total, Oak Ridge Reservation ............................................................................................................................... .... 177,353 177,353 
Office of River Protection: 
Waste treatment and immobilization plant 
01–D–416 A-D/ORP-0060 / Major construction ..................................................................................... .............. 595,000 595,000 
01–D–16E Pretreatment facility ................................................................................................. ....................... 95,000 95,000 
Total, Waste treatment and immobilization plant ..................................................................................................... 690,000 690,000 
Tank farm activities 
Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ............................................................................ .............. 649,000 649,000 
Construction: 
15–D–409 Low Activity Waste Pretreatment System, Hanford ...................................................................... 7 5,000 75,000 
Total, Tank farm activities ............................................................................................................................... ........ 724,000 724,000 
Total, Office of River protection ............................................................................................................................... .1,414,000 1,414,000 
Savannah River sites: 
Savannah River risk management operations ...................................................................................... ................... 386,652 386,652 
SR community and regulatory support ............................................................................................ ....................... 11,249 11,249 
Radioactive liquid tank waste: 
Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... .......... 581,878 581,878 
Construction: 
15–D–402—Saltstone Disposal Unit #6 ............................................................................................ ............ 34,642 34,642 
05–D–405 Salt waste processing facility, Savannah River ........................................................................ .... 194,000 194,000 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .................... 228,642 228,642 
Total, Radioactive liquid tank waste ........................................................................................................................ 810,520 810,520 
Total, Savannah River site ............................................................................................................................... ......... 1,208,421 1,208,421 
Waste Isolation Pilot Plant 
Waste isolation pilot plant .................................................................................................... ................................ 212,600 212,600 
Construction: 
15–D–411 Safety significant confinement ventilation system, WIPP ....................................................... 23,218 2 3,218 
15–D–412 Exhaust shaft, WIPP ................................................................................................... ......... 7,500 7,500 
Total, Construction ............................................................................................................................... .................... 30,718 30,718 
Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant ............................................................................................................................. 243,318 243,318 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ......................................... 281,951 281,951 
Program support ................................................................................................................ ......................................... 14,979 14,979 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4521 June 22, 2015 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
(In Thousands of Dollars) 
Program FY 2016 
Request Senate 
Authorized 
Safeguards and Security: 
Oak Ridge Reservation .......................................................................................................... ............................... 17,228 17,228 
Paducah ........................................................................................................................ ...................................... 8,216 8,216 
Portsmouth ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 8,492 8,492 
Richland/Hanford Site .......................................................................................................... ................................ 67,601 67,601 
Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ ................................. 128,345 128,345 
Waste Isolation Pilot Project .................................................................................................. ............................... 4,860 4,860 
West Valley .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 1,891 1,891 
Technology development ......................................................................................................... .................................... 14,510 14,510 
Subtotal, Defense environmental cleanup ................................................................................................................. 5,055,550 5,075,550 
Uranium enrichment D&D fund contribution ....................................................................................... ........................ 471,797 0 
Requires industry match authorization that will not be forthcoming ............................................................. .......... [–471,797 ] 
Total, Defense Environmental Cleanup ..................................................................................................................... 5,527,347 5,075,550 
Other Defense Activities 
Specialized security activities ................................................................................................ ...................................... 221,855 221,855 
Environment, health, safety and security 
Environment, health, safety and security ....................................................................................... ....................... 120,693 120,693 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................... 63,105 63,105 
Total, Environment, Health, safety and security ........................................................................................................ 183,798 183,798 
Enterprise assessments 
Enterprise assessments ......................................................................................................... ................................. 24,068 24,068 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................... 49,466 49,466 
Total, Enterprise assessments ............................................................................................................................... .... 73,534 73,534 
Office of Legacy Management 
Legacy management .............................................................................................................. ............................... 154,080 154,080 
Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................... 13,100 13,100 
Total, Office of Legacy Management .......................................................................................................................... 167,180 167,180 
Defense-related activities 
Defense related administrative support 
Chief financial officer ........................................................................................................ ................................... 35,758 35,758 
Chief information officer ...................................................................................................... ................................. 83,800 83,800 
Management ..................................................................................................................... ................................... 3,000 3,000 
Total, Defense related administrative support .......................................................................................................... 122,558 122,558 
Office of hearings and appeals ................................................................................................. ................................... 5,500 5,500 
Subtotal, Other defense activities .............................................................................................................................. 774,425 774,425 
Total, Other Defense Activities ............................................................................................................................... ... 774,425 774,425 
VETERAN’S I.D. CARD ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of H.R. 91 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 91) to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I further ask 
unanimous consent that the Blumenthal substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and the motion to reconsider be made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2076) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute) 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans 
Identification Card Act 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. VETERANS IDENTIFICATION CARD. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) Effective on the day before the date of 
the enactment of this Act, veteran identi-fication cards were issued to veterans who have either completed the statutory time-in- service requirement for retirement from the Armed Forces or who have received a med-ical-related discharge from the Armed Forces. 
(2) Effective on the day before the date of 
the enactment of this Act, a veteran who served a minimum obligated time in service, but who did not meet the criteria described in paragraph (1), did not receive a means of identifying the veteran’s status as a veteran other than using the Department of Defense form DD–214 discharge papers of the veteran. 
(3) Goods, services, and promotional activi-
ties are often offered by public and private institutions to veterans who demonstrate proof of service in the military, but it is im-practical for a veteran to always carry De-partment of Defense form DD–214 discharge papers to demonstrate such proof. 
(4) A general purpose veteran identifica-
tion card made available to veterans would be useful to demonstrate the status of the veterans without having to carry and use of-
ficial Department of Defense form DD–214 discharge papers. 
(5) On the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs had the infrastructure in place across the United States to produce photo-graphic identification cards and accept a small payment to cover the cost of these cards. 
(b) P
ROVISION OF VETERAN IDENTIFICATION  
CARDS .—Chapter 57 of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by adding after section 5705 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 5706. Veterans identification card 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs shall issue an identification card described in subsection (b) to each vet-eran who— 
‘‘(1) requests such card; ‘‘(2) presents a copy of Department of De-
fense form DD–214 or other official document from the official military personnel file of the veteran that describes the service of the veteran; and 
‘‘(3) pays the fee under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(b) I
DENTIFICATION CARD.—An identifica-
tion card described in this subsection is a card issued to a veteran that— 
‘‘(1) displays a photograph of the veteran; ‘‘(2) displays the name of the veteran; ‘‘(3) explains that such card is not proof of 
any benefits to which the veteran is entitled to; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:12 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A22JN6.028 S22JNPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4522 June 22, 2015 
‘‘(4) contains an identification number that 
is not a social security number; and 
‘‘(5) serves as proof that such veteran— ‘‘(A) served in the Armed Forces; and ‘‘(B) has a Department of Defense form 
DD–214 or other official document in the offi-cial military personnel file of the veteran that describes the service of the veteran. 
‘‘(c) C
OSTS OF CARD.—(1) The Secretary 
shall charge a fee to each veteran who re-ceives an identification card issued under this section, including a replacement identi-fication card. 
‘‘(2)(A) The fee charged under paragraph (1) 
shall equal such amount as the Secretary de-termines is necessary to issue an identifica-tion card under this section. 
‘‘(B) In determining the amount of the fee 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that the total amount of fees col-lected under paragraph (1) equals an amount necessary to carry out this section, includ-ing costs related to any additional equip-ment or personnel required to carry out this section. 
‘‘(C) The Secretary shall review and reas-
sess the determination under subparagraph (A) during each five-year period in which the Secretary issues an identification card under this section. 
‘‘(3) Amounts collected under this sub-
section shall be deposited in an account of the Department available to carry out this section. Amounts so deposited shall be— 
‘‘(A) merged with amounts in such ac-
count; 
‘‘(B) available in such amounts as may be 
provided in appropriation Acts; and 
‘‘(C) subject to the same conditions and 
limitations as amounts otherwise in such ac-count. 
‘‘(d) E
FFECT OF CARD ON BENEFITS .—(1) An 
identification card issued under this section shall not serve as proof of any benefits that the veteran may be entitled to under this title. 
‘‘(2) A veteran who is issued an identifica-
tion card under this section shall not be en-titled to any benefits under this title by rea-son of possessing such card. 
‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATIVE MEASURES .—(1) The 
Secretary shall ensure that any information collected or used with respect to an identi-fication card issued under this section is ap-propriately secured. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may determine any ap-
propriate procedures with respect to issuing a replacement identification card. 
‘‘(3) In carrying out this section, the Sec-
retary shall coordinate with the National Personnel Records Center. 
‘‘(4) The Secretary may conduct such out-
reach to advertise the identification card under this section as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(f) C
ONSTRUCTION .—This section shall not 
be construed to affect identification cards otherwise provided by the Secretary to vet-erans enrolled in the health care system es-tablished under section 1705(a) of this title.’’. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5705 the following new item: 
‘‘5706. Veterans identification card.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this Act shall take effect on the date that is 60 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 91), as amended, was 
passed. MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—H.R. 160 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 160) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask for a second reading and, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to my own request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will re-ceive its second reading on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, June 23; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:38 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, June 23, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JULIE FURUTA–TOY, OF WYOMING, A CAREER MEMBER 
OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF EQUATORIAL GUINEA. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DAVID J. BUCK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. TOD D. WOLTERS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. RUSSELL J. HANDY THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. FRANK H. STOKES 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. THOMAS K. WARK 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. HOWARD P. PURCELL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOHN W. RAYMOND 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JAMES E. PORTER, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ROBERT P. ASHLEY, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF 
THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DANIEL R. HOKANSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. KEVIN D. SCOTT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. KEVIN M. DONEGAN 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
ROBERT B. A. MACGREGOR 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
ROBERT H. MCCARTHY III 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate June 22, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
DANIEL R. ELLIOTT III, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE SURFACE TRANSPORTATION BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2018. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
PETER V. NEFFENGER, OF OHIO, TO BE AN ASSISTANT 
SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Feb 19, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\JUN 15\S22JN5.REC S22JN5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E939 June 22, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, 
June 23, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JUNE 24 
Time to be announced 
Committee on the Budget 
Business meeting to markup S. 1495, to 
curtail the use of changes in manda-tory programs affecting the Crime Vic-tims Fund to inflate spending. 
TBA 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Business meeting to consider an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Developing a Reliable and Innovative Vision for the Economy Act’’. 
SD–406 
United States Senate Caucus on Inter-
national Narcotics Control 
To hold hearings to examine cannabidiol, 
focusing on barriers to research and po-tential medical benefits. 
SD–226 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine assessing 
and improving flood insurance manage-ment and accountability in the wake of Superstorm Sandy. 
SD–538 
Committee on Finance 
Business meeting to consider S. 607, to 
amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for a five-year ex-tension of the rural community hos-pital demonstration program, S. 1349, to amend title XVIII of the Social Se-curity Act to require hospitals to pro-vide certain notifications to individ-uals classified by such hospitals under observation status rather than admit-ted as inpatients of such hospitals, S. 1461, to provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient thera-peutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015, S. 
313, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers allowed to uti-lize locum tenens arrangements under Medicare, S. 1253, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide coverage of certain disposable medical technologies under the Medicare pro-gram, S. 1347, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of patient encounters in ambulatory surgical centers in deter-mining meaningful EHR use, S. 704, to establish a Community-Based Institu-tional Special Needs Plan demonstra-tion program to target home and com-munity-based care to eligible Medicare beneficiaries, S. 1362, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs), S. 861, to amend ti-tles XVIII and XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act to curb waste, fraud, and abuse in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, S. 349, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to empower in-dividuals with disabilities to establish their own supplemental needs trusts, S. 466, to amend title XI of the Social Se-
curity Act to improve the quality, health outcomes, and value of mater-nity care under the Medicaid and CHIP programs by developing maternity care quality measures and supporting ma-ternity care quality collaboratives, and S. 599, to extend and expand the Med-icaid emergency psychiatric dem-onstration project. 
SD–215 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 742, to 
appropriately limit the authority to award bonuses to employees, S. 1411, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, com-monly known as the ‘‘Former Presi-dents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, S. 1550, to amend title 31, United States Code, to estab-lish entities tasked with improving program and project management in certain Federal agencies, S. 1073, to amend the Improper Payments Elimi-nation and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, including making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased indi-viduals, S. 1580, to allow additional ap-pointing authorities to select individ-uals from competitive service certifi-cates, S. 1090, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act to provide eligi-bility for broadcasting facilities to re-ceive certain disaster assistance, S. 1115, to close out expired, empty grant accounts, S. 779, to provide for Federal agencies to develop public access poli-cies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency, S. 310, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of offi-cers and employees of the Federal Gov-ernment, S. 991, to establish the Com-mission on Evidence-Based Policy-
making, H.R. 1626, to reduce duplica-tion of information technology at the Department of Homeland Security, H.R. 1640, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit to Con-gress a report on the Department of Homeland Security headquarters con-solidation project in the National Cap-ital Region, H.R. 728, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 891, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’, H.R. 1326, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Dan-iel M. Ferguson Post Office’’, H.R. 1350, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘District of Columbia Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘EIN-STEIN Act of 2015’’, an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Representative Payee Fraud Prevention Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Saving Federal Dollars Through Better Use of Government Purchase and Travel Cards Act of 2015’’, and an original to actively re-cruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military serv-ice to serve as Customs and Border Protection Officers, and the nomina-tions of Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Vir-ginia, to be Inspector General, General Services Administration, and Steven M. Wellner, and William Ward Nooter, both to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Co-lumbia. 
SD–342 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine lessons 
learned from past WMD negotiations. 
SD–419 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
demanding results to end Native youth suicides. 
SD–628 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine work in re-
tirement, focusing on career reinven-tions and the new retirement workscape. 
SD–562 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine pending 
health care and benefits legislation. 
SR–418 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M22JN8.000 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E940 June 22, 2015 
JUNE 25 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine federal cy-
bersecurity and the Office of Personnel Management data breach. 
SD–342 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
To hold hearings to examine economic 
opportunity for our veterans and their families through entrepreneurship 
SR–428A 
9:45 a.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 1482, to 
improve and reauthorize provisions re-lating to the application of the anti-trust laws to the award of need-based educational aid, and the nominations of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsyl-vania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Travis Randall McDonough, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee, and Waverly D. Crenshaw, Jr., to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee. 
SD–226 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine country of 
origin labeling and trade retaliation, focusing on what’s at stake for Amer-
ica’s farmers, ranchers, businesses, and consumers. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Appropriations 
Business meeting to markup an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Labor, Health and Human Services, Edu-cation, and Related Agencies Appro-priations Act, 2016’’. 
SD–106 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine the private 
sector, focusing on state innovations in financing transportation infrastruc-
ture. 
SD–215 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
Business meeting to consider S. Res. 204, 
recognizing June 20, 2015 as ‘‘World Refugee Day’’, S. Res. 152, recognizing threats to freedom of the press and ex-pression around the world and re-affirming freedom of the press as a pri-ority in efforts of the United States Government to promote democracy and good governance, and the nomination of Janet L. Yellen, of California, to be United States Alternate Governor of the International Monetary Fund; to be immediately followed by hearings to examine evaluating key components of a joint comprehensive plan of action with Iran. 
SD–419 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Business meeting to consider S. 1626, to 
reauthorize Federal support for pas-senger rail programs, improve safety, streamline rail project delivery, S. 
1611, to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, S. 1573, to establish regional weather forecast offices, S. 1298, to pro-vide nationally consistent measures of performance of the Nation’s ports, S. 1403, to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to promote sustainable conserva-tion and management for the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic fisheries and the communities that rely on them, S. 1551, to provide for certain re-quirements relating to the Internet As-signed Numbers Authority stewardship transition, S. 1182, to exempt applica-tion of JSA attribution rule in case of existing agreements, S. 1250, to encour-age States to require the installation of residential carbon monoxide detec-tors in homes, and the nominations of Andrew J. Read, of North Carolina, to be a Member of the Marine Mammal Commission, and routine lists in the Coast Guard. 
SR–253 1:30 p.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Subcommittee on National Security and 
International Trade and Finance 
To hold hearings to examine economic 
crisis, focusing on the global impact of a Greek default. 
SD–538 
JULY 7 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine highly path-
ogenic avian influenza, focusing on the impact on the United States poultry sector and protecting United States poultry flocks. 
SR–328A 
JULY 8 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism 
To hold hearings to examine cyber crime, 
focusing on modernizing our legal framework for the information age. 
SD–226 
JULY 9 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
mitigation requirements, interagency coordination, and pilot projects related to economic development on Federal lands. 
SD–366 
AUGUST 4 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the back- 
end of the nuclear fuel cycle and re-lated legislation, including S. 854, to establish a new organization to manage nuclear waste, provide a consensual process for siting nuclear waste facili-ties, ensure adequate funding for man-aging nuclear waste. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:39 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M22JN8.000 E22JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D738 Monday, June 22, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4333–S4522 
Measures Introduced: Three bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1640–1642, S. Res. 207, and S. Con. Res. 18.
                  Pages S4345–46 
Measures Reported: 
S. 544, to prohibit the Environmental Protection 
Agency from proposing, finalizing, or disseminating regulations or assessments based upon science that is not transparent or reproducible, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 114–69)
                                            Page S4345 
Measures Passed: 
Veteran’s I.D. Card Act: Committee on Veterans’ 
Affairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 91, to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain vet-erans, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S4521–22 
McConnell (for Blumenthal) Amendment No. 
2076, in the nature of a substitute.                  Page S4521 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
By 81 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. EX. 217), Peter 
V. Neffenger, of Ohio, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security.
                       Pages S4338–41, S4522 
Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a Member of 
the Surface Transportation Board for a term expiring 
December 31, 2018.                            Pages S4338–41, S4522 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: Julie Furuta-Toy, of Wyoming, to be Ambassador 
to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea. 
7 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 3 Army nominations in the rank of general. 2 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force and Army. 
                                                                                            Page S4522 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4343 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S4343, S4522 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S4343–45 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S4345 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4346–47 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4347–48 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4342–43 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4348–58 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S4358 
Text of H.R. 1735 as Previously Passed: 
                                                                             Pages S4358–S4521 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—217)                                                                 Page S4341 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:38 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, June 23, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4522.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JN5.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D739 June 22, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, June 23, 2015. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
JUNE 23, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Transpor-
tation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10 a.m., SD–138. 
Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-
ernment, to hold hearings to examine information tech-nology spending and data security at the Office of Per-sonnel Management, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. 
Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and 
Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 3 p.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold an oversight hearing to examine the National Flood Insurance Program, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on the Budget: with the Committee on Home-
land Security and Governmental Affairs, to hold hearings to examine accounting for the true cost of regulation, fo-cusing on exploring the possibility of a regulatory budg-et, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine an update on the recalls of de-fective Takata air bags and NHTSA’s vehicle safety ef-forts, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, to hold hear-ings to examine the impacts of EPA’s proposed carbon regulations on energy costs for American businesses, rural communities and families, including S. 1324, to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy to fulfill certain requirements before regulating stand-ards of performance for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units, 2 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the nominations of Glyn Townsend Davies, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Thailand, William A. Heidt, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Cambodia, Atul Keshap, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Maldives, Alaina B. Teplitz, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal, and David Hale, of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
Subcommittee on Multilateral International Develop-
ment, Multilateral Institutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy, to hold hear-ings to examine American energy exports, focusing on opportunities for United States allies and national secu-rity, 2:45 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
with the Committee on the Budget, to hold hearings to examine accounting for the true cost of regulation, focus-ing on exploring the possibility of a regulatory budget, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
2042, the ‘‘Ratepayer Protection Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2822, the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations; and the Subcommittee on Inves-tigations, Oversight and Regulations of the House Com-mittee on Small Business, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Manip-ulation and Fraud in Reporting of VA Small Business Goals’’, 4 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of June 23 through June 26, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 11 a.m., Senate will 
vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2146, Defending Public Safety Employees’ Retirement Act. 
Following disposition of the motion to concur in 
the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to H.R. 2146, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill, with McConnell/Hatch Amendment No. 2065. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JN5.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D740 June 22, 2015 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: June 25, 
to hold hearings to examine country of origin labeling and trade retaliation, focusing on what’s at stake for America’s farmers, ranchers, businesses, and consumers, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Appropriations: June 23, Subcommittee on 
Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10 a.m., SD–138. 
June 23, Subcommittee on Financial Services and Gen-
eral Government, to hold hearings to examine informa-tion technology spending and data security at the Office of Personnel Management, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. 
June 23, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill en-titled, ‘‘Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 3 p.m., SD–138. 
June 25, Full Committee, business meeting to markup 
an original bill entitled, ‘‘Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2016’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’, 10 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: June 
23, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the National 
Flood Insurance Program, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
June 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
assessing and improving flood insurance management and accountability in the wake of Superstorm Sandy, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
June 25, Subcommittee on National Security and 
International Trade and Finance, to hold hearings to ex-amine economic crisis, focusing on the global impact of a Greek default, 1:30 p.m., SD–538. 
Committee on the Budget: June 23, with the Committee 
on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, to hold hearings to examine accounting for the true cost of regu-lation, focusing on exploring the possibility of a regu-latory budget, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
June 24, Full Committee, business meeting to markup 
S. 1495, to curtail the use of changes in mandatory pro-grams affecting the Crime Victims Fund to inflate spend-ing, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: June 
23, to hold hearings to examine an update on the recalls of defective Takata air bags and NHTSA’s vehicle safety efforts, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
June 25, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
S. 1626, to reauthorize Federal support for passenger rail programs, improve safety, streamline rail project delivery, S. 1611, to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, S. 1573, to establish re-gional weather forecast offices, S. 1298, to provide na-tionally consistent measures of performance of the Na-tion’s ports, S. 1403, to amend the Magnuson-Stevens 
Fishery Conservation and Management Act to promote sustainable conservation and management for the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic fisheries and the communities that rely on them, S. 1551, to provide for certain require-ments relating to the Internet Assigned Numbers Au-thority stewardship transition, S. 1182, to exempt appli-cation of JSA attribution rule in case of existing agree-ments, S. 1250, to encourage States to require the instal-lation of residential carbon monoxide detectors in homes, and the nominations of Andrew J. Read, of North Caro-
lina, to be a Member of the Marine Mammal Commis-sion, and routine lists in the Coast Guard, 10:30 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: June 23, 
Subcommittee on Clean Air and Nuclear Safety, to hold hearings to examine the impacts of EPA’s proposed car-bon regulations on energy costs for American businesses, rural communities and families, including S. 1324, to re-quire the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to fulfill certain requirements before regulating standards of performance for new, modified, and recon-structed fossil fuel-fired electric utility generating units, 2 p.m., SD–406. 
June 24, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
an original bill entitled, ‘‘Developing a Reliable and In-novative Vision for the Economy Act’’, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: June 24, business meeting to con-
sider S. 607, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a five-year extension of the rural com-munity hospital demonstration program, S. 1349, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observation status rather than admitted as inpatients of such hospitals, S. 1461, to provide for the extension of the enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2015, S. 313, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of pro-viders allowed to utilize locum tenens arrangements under Medicare, S. 1253, to amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to provide coverage of certain disposable medical technologies under the Medicare program, S. 1347, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of patient encounters in ambulatory surgical centers in determining meaningful EHR use, S. 704, to establish a Community-Based Insti-tutional Special Needs Plan demonstration program to target home and community-based care to eligible Medi-care beneficiaries, S. 1362, to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding pro-grams of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE pro-grams), S. 861, to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act to curb waste, fraud, and abuse in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, S. 349, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to empower individuals with disabilities to establish their own supplemental needs trusts, S. 466, to amend title XI of the Social Secu-rity Act to improve the quality, health outcomes, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JN5.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D741 June 22, 2015 
value of maternity care under the Medicaid and CHIP 
programs by developing maternity care quality measures and supporting maternity care quality collaboratives, and S. 599, to extend and expand the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
June 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the private sector, focusing on state innovations in financ-ing transportation infrastructure, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: June 23, to hold hearings 
to examine the nominations of Glyn Townsend Davies, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the King-
dom of Thailand, William A. Heidt, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Cambodia, Atul Keshap, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Maldives, Alaina B. Teplitz, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal, and David Hale, of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
June 23, Subcommittee on Multilateral International 
Development, Multilateral Institutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy, to hold hearings to examine American energy exports, focusing on opportunities for United States allies and national se-curity, 2:45 p.m., SD–419. 
June 24, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
lessons learned from past WMD negotiations, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. 
June 25, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
S. Res. 204, recognizing June 20, 2015 as ‘‘World Ref-ugee Day’’, S. Res. 152, recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and re-affirming freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the United States Government to promote democracy and good governance, and the nomination of Janet L. Yellen, of California, to be United States Alternate Governor of the International Monetary Fund; to be immediately fol-lowed by hearings to examine evaluating key components of a joint comprehensive plan of action with Iran, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
June 23, with the Committee on the Budget, to hold hearings to examine accounting for the true cost of regu-lation, focusing on exploring the possibility of a regu-latory budget, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
June 24, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
S. 742, to appropriately limit the authority to award bo-nuses to employees, S. 1411, to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, S. 1550, to amend title 31, United States Code, to establish entities tasked with im-proving program and project management in certain Fed-eral agencies, S. 1073, to amend the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, in-cluding making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased individuals, S. 1580, to allow addi-tional appointing authorities to select individuals from competitive service certificates, S. 1090, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-
ance Act to provide eligibility for broadcasting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, S. 1115, to close out 
expired, empty grant accounts, S. 779, to provide for Federal agencies to develop public access policies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency, S. 310, to pro-hibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Govern-ment, S. 991, to establish the Commission on Evidence- Based Policymaking, H.R. 1626, to reduce duplication of information technology at the Department of Homeland Security, H.R. 1640, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit to Congress a report on the Depart-ment of Homeland Security headquarters consolidation project in the National Capital Region, H.R. 728, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 891, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Building’’, H.R. 1326, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’, H.R. 1350, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘District of Columbia Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘EINSTEIN Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Representative Payee Fraud Prevention Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Saving Federal Dollars Through Better Use of Government Purchase and Travel Cards Act of 2015’’, and an original to actively recruit members of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protec-tion Officers, and the nominations of Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, General Services Administration, and Steven M. Wellner, and William Ward Nooter, both to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
June 25, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
federal cybersecurity and the Office of Personnel Manage-ment data breach, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: June 24, to hold an over-
sight hearing to examine demanding results to end Na-tive youth suicides, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: June 25, business meeting to 
consider S. 1482, to improve and reauthorize provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid, and the nominations of Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Travis Randall McDonough, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee, and Waverly D. Crenshaw, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, 9:45 a.m., SD–226. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JN5.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D742 June 22, 2015 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: June 
25, to hold hearings to examine economic opportunity for our veterans and their families through entrepreneurship, 9:30 a.m., SR–428A. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: June 24, to hold hearings 
to examine pending health care and benefits legislation, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Special Committee on Aging: June 24, to hold hearings to 
examine work in retirement, focusing on career reinven-tions and the new retirement workscape, 2:15 p.m., SD–562. 
United States Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Con-
trol: June 24, to hold hearings to examine cannabidiol, fo-
cusing on barriers to research and potential medical bene-fits, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture , June 24, Full Committee, 
hearing on review of U.S. international food aid pro-grams, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
June 25, Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horti-
culture, and Research, hearing to review food labeling legislation, 1:30 p.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations , June 24, Full Committee, 
markup on the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Bill for FY 2016, 10:15 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
June 25, Full Committee, markup on the Agriculture 
Appropriations Bill for FY 2016; and Revised Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2016, 9:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services , June 24, Subcommittee on 
Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘The Counterterrorism Strategy Against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL): Are We on the Right Path?’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
June 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Nuclear 
Deterrence in the 21st Century’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
June 25, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-
tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on Findings and Rec-ommendations of the 2014 Department of Defense Nu-clear Enterprise Review’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
June 26, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled 
‘‘Public Shipyards’ Role in Meeting Navy Operational Requirements’’, 8 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
June 26, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Assuring National Security Space: Investing in American Industry to End Reliance on Russian Rocket Engines’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce , June 24, Sub-
committee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education, hearing entitled ‘‘Child Nutrition As-sistance: Looking at the Cost of Compliance for States and Schools’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
June 25, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1767, the 
‘‘Employee Privacy Protection Act’’; and H.R. 1768, the ‘‘Workforce Democracy and Fairness Act’’, 10:30 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , June 24, Sub-
committee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Administration’s Approval of Medicaid Demonstration 
Projects’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
June 25, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled 
‘‘Examining Public Health Legislation: H.R. 2820, H.R. 1344, and H.R. 1462’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
June 25, Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing 
and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Vehicle to Vehicle Commu-nications and Connected Roadways of the Future’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , June 24, Task Force to 
Investigate Terrorism Financing, hearing entitled ‘‘Evalu-
ating the Security of the U.S. Financial Sector’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
June 25, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-
tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Continuing Allega-tions of Discrimination and Retaliation at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , June 24, Subcommittee on 
the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Colombia: Peace with the FARC?’’, 3 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
June 25, Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Department 
of State Operations and Embassy Security Authorization Act of 2016’’; and H.R. 2037, the ‘‘United States Com-mission on International Religious Freedom Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
June 25, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, 
Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Is Academic Freedom Threatened by China’s Influence on U.S. Universities?’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , June 24, Subcommittee 
on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘Admitting Syrian Refugees: The Intelligence Void and the Emerging Homeland Security Threat’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
June 24, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastruc-
ture Protection, and Security Technologies, hearing enti-tled ‘‘DHS’ Efforts to Secure .Gov’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
June 25, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 158, the 
‘‘Visa Waiver Program Improvement Act of 2015’’; H.R. 455, the ‘‘Northern Border Security Review Act’’; H.R. 998, the ‘‘Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1073, the ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Protection Act’’; H.R. 1634, the ‘‘Border Security Technology Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2127, the ‘‘Securing Expedited Screening Act’’; H.R. 2750, the ‘‘Improved Security Vet-ting for Aviation Workers Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2770, the ‘‘Keeping our Travelers Safe and Secure Act’’; H.R. 2786, the ‘‘Cross-Border Rail Security Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2843, the ‘‘TSA PreCheck Expansion Act’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary , June 24, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 1927, the ‘‘Fairness in Class Action Liti-gation Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
June 26, Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil 
Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Property Rights in America Ten Years After Kelo v. City of New London’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , June 24, Subcommittee 
on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘GAO Report Documents BLM’s Chronic Mismanagement of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:17 Jun 24, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\D22JN5.REC D22JN5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D743 June 22, 2015 
Wind and Solar Reclamation Bonds’’, 10:30 a.m., 1324 
Longworth. 
June 24, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska 
Native Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Procedures Regarding Puerto Rico’s Political Status and Economic Outlook’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
June 25, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, 
hearing on H.R. 1107, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act’’; H.R. 1406, the ‘‘New Mexico Navajo Water Settlement Technical Corrections Act’’; H.R. 2273, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir; H.R. 2749, the ‘‘Dam Authoriza-tion, Maintenance, and Safety (DAMS) Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
June 25, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Re-
sources, hearing on H.R. 1937, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015’’, 10:30 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , June 24, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘OPM Data Breach: Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
June 25, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘IRS: 
TIGTA Update Part II’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
June 25, Subcommittee on National Security, hearing 
entitled ‘‘A Review of Veterans Affairs Major Lease Pro-curement’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , June 24, Sub-
committee on Environment; and Subcommittee on En-ergy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Energy Information Ad-ministration Report: Analysis of the Impacts of the EPA’s Clean Power Plan’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
June 25, Subcommittee on Oversight; and Sub-
committee on Research and Technology, joint hearing en-titled ‘‘Is NSF Properly Managing Its Rotating Staff?’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
June 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled 
‘‘Astrobiology and the Search for Life Beyond Earth in the Next Decade’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business , June 25, Subcommittee on 
Contracting and Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘GSA’s Pro-
posed Transactional Data Rule and its Effect on Small Businesses’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , June 24, 
Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Positive Train Control Implementation in the United States’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
June 24, Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Meeting the Transportation Needs of Rural America’’, 2 p.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , June 24, Subcommittee 
on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing on H.R. 2214, the ‘‘Disabled Veterans’ Access to Medical Exams Improvement Act’’; H.R. 1380, to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the eligibility for a medal-lion furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to sig-nify the veteran status of a deceased individual; H.R. 2706, the ‘‘Veterans National Remembrance Act’’; H.R. 2691, the ‘‘Veterans’ Survivors Claims Processing Auto-mation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 303, the ‘‘Retired Pay Res-toration Act’’; H.R. 1338, the ‘‘Dignified Interment of Our Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1302, the ‘‘VA Appeals Backlog Relief Act’’; H.R. 2605, the ‘‘Veterans Fiduciary Reform Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 1384, the ‘‘Honor Amer-ica’s Guard-Reserve Retirees Act’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
June 25, Full Committee, business meeting—Com-
mittee Photo for the 114th Congress; hearing entitled ‘‘The State of VA’s Fiscal Year 2015 Budget’’, 10:15 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
June 25, Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, 
markup on pending legislation, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means , June 24, Subcommittee 
on Oversight, hearing on rising health insurance pre-miums under Obamacare, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
June 24, Subcommittee on Select Revenue Measures, 
hearing on repatriation of foreign earnings as a source of funding for the Highway Trust Fund, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
June 25, Subcommittee on Human Resources; and 
Subcommittee on Nutrition of the House Committee on Agriculture, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Past, Present, and Fu-ture of SNAP: How Our Welfare System Can Discourage Work’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D22JN5.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD744 June 22, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, June 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: At approximately 11 a.m., Senate 
will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to concur in the amendment of the House to the amend-ment of the Senate to H.R. 2146, Defending Public Safe-ty Employees’ Retirement Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 noon, Tuesday, June 23 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Jun 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D22JN5.REC D22JNPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST