Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H585 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2015 No. 13 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
God of the universe, thank You for 
giving us another day. 
It is Your nature to hold us in Your 
living presence always. It is our nature to think of You or of others only mo-mentarily or in passing. 
Be with each of us that we may be 
our very best and prove ourselves wor-thy of Your love and Your grace. 
Bless the Members of the people’s 
House in their work and deliberations today that they might merit the trust of the American people and manifest the strength of our republican democ-racy to the nations of the world. 
Without You, O Lord, we can do 
nothing. With You and in You, we can establish a community of peace, good-ness, and justice now and forever. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. Q UIGLEY ) come for-
ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. QUIGLEY led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
MODERNIZING 529 SAVINGS PLANS 
(Ms. JENKINS of Kansas asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in support of H.R. 529, a bill that Congressman K
INDof Wis-
consin and I introduced to make sen-sible enhancements to 529 college sav-ings plans. 
The 529 plans enjoy growing popu-
larity, primarily with middle class families who are looking for ways to responsibly prepare for the growing cost of college. The 12 million 529 accountholders across the country are able to choose a plan whose funds will then grow and be withdrawn tax free to pay for college expenses such as tuition or room and board. 
H.R. 529 will make several technical 
changes to 529 plans that will allow students to purchase a computer using their 529 funds, remove the unneces-sary distribution aggregation require-ments from the accounts, and allow 529 funds to be redeposited if the student withdraws from college. These mod-ernizations will allow 529 plans to help families get the most out of their sav-ings. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in this 
effort. 
f 
REMEMBERING ERNIE ‘‘MR. CUB’’ 
BANKS 
(Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Madam Speaker, the 
Chicago Cubs, baseball, and all sports has lost a legend. Ernie Banks, ‘‘Mr. 
Cub,’’ passed away last Friday. 
From humble beginnings, Ernie won 
two MVPs as a power-hitting shortstop and became an All-Star and a Hall of Famer. But perhaps more importantly, he overcame the racism he faced to be-come an amazing ambassador for the Cubs, his beloved Wrigley Field, and the game itself. 
You could not have met a more de-
cent, kinder, happier soul on any field of endeavor. It was for these roles that he was honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom. 
Ernie, thanks for reminding us that 
baseball is a game that should be watched and played for fun. Indeed, let’s play two. You will be missed. 
f 
COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
(Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Madam Speaker, 
January is Human Trafficking Aware-ness Month, and I am pleased that the House is taking up a number of bipar-tisan measures this week to help eradi-cate this disturbing crime and assist its victims. 
To most Americans, human traf-
ficking is something that happens in faraway lands. Unfortunately, the re-ality hits much closer to home. Right now, over 300,000 young Americans are in danger of falling victim to this fast- growing criminal enterprise. As both a member of the Human Trafficking Task Force and a representative for anti-trafficking advocates and organi-zations in my district in Pennsylvania, I am well aware of the devastating im-pact of this modern-day slavery here in our Nation and in our communities back home. 
But 2015 can be the year we take sig-
nificant steps to end this scourge. The work on the ground in Bucks and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H586 January 27, 2015 
Montgomery Counties by organizations 
such as Worthwhile Wear, The Well, Network of Victim Assistance, as well as faith-based groups, law enforcement, and concerned citizens is making an impact and increasing awareness and strengthening our response locally. 
The legislation under consideration 
this week on Capitol Hill allows this Congress to work together to ensure that we can support those impacted by this crime and combat and ultimately defeat human trafficking in our Nation and, hopefully, around the world. 
f 
REMEMBERING RONNIE BERLACK 
AND BRYCE ASTLE 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Madam Speaker, today 
I rise to honor the lives of Ronnie Berlack and Bryce Astle, two members of the United States Ski Team who were taken from us far too soon by a tragic avalanche while training in Aus-tria in early January. 
These two young men dedicated 
themselves to representing our country with skill and dignity as members of the national ski team. They were both very talented. But, sadly, we will never know how high their stars may have risen. 
Ronnie and Bryce touched many oth-
ers with their love of life, their drive to compete, and their commitment to their teammates. Ronnie was a native of Franconia, New Hampshire, the same town that produced skiing great Bode Miller. He started skiing at Can-non Mountain before attending Burke Mountain Academy in Vermont and coming into his own as a talented ski racer. Bryce spent most of his child-hood in Utah, where he spent weekends skiing with his family at Alta and Snowbird. They first met while com-peting against each other in FIS races, before training together last summer and becoming great friends. 
In the wake of this horrible tragedy, 
everyone who knew these two young men has spoken to their integrity, their adventurous spirits, and their big, big hearts. They spent their lives working hard at the thing they loved the most. My heart goes out to their family, their many, many friends, and the entire ski racing community. 
f 
COMBATING HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
(Mr. WENSTRUP asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Madam Speaker, it 
is shocking: human trafficking is the fastest growing business of organized crime and the third largest criminal enterprise in the world. In my home State of Ohio, the most common age a child becomes victimized by trafficking is 13 years old. At 13, a child should be looking forward to their first days of high school, not living in fear. In 2014 
alone, in Ohio, 98 arrests were made in human trafficking investigations, in-volving 181 potential victims. 
Today, the House is fighting back. The anti-trafficking bills this week 
will take aim at modern trafficking networks and the criminals who seek to abuse the lives of their victims. These bills encourage States to adopt safe harbor laws, enhance services for homeless youth, and further protect children in our Nation’s foster system. We must help survivors reclaim their lives through heightened public aware-ness and increased collaboration among governments. 
Our Founders declared inherent and 
inalienable the rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Human trafficking violates these core rights. A strong commitment to every human life will help the millions who suffer in the dark shadows of this heinous crime. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS, COACH MIKE 
KRZYZEWSKI! 
(Mr. PRICE of North Carolina asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleague, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , to con-
gratulate Coach Mike Krzyzewski of Duke University on becoming the first coach in the history of Division I NCAA basketball to win 1,000 games. Blue Devils everywhere are proud of this remarkable feat, the crowning achievement of a career that has seen Coach K win four national titles and two Olympic gold medals. 
As fellow Duke fans will note with 
relish, many of these 1,000 wins came against other storied ACC programs such as Carolina, NC State, and Wake Forest. That makes Coach K’s historic achievement all the more impressive. 
I taught at Duke and then rep-
resented the campus for a number of years. I know firsthand of Mike Krzyzewski’s character and integrity. He is not only a world-class coach; he is also a committed educator who has trained and inspired his players to suc-ceed in whatever they undertake in life. 
The Emily Krzyzewski Center in Dur-
ham, behind which Mike was the driv-ing force, stands as a memorial to his mother and as a sign of his dedication to at-risk youth as they aspire to a col-lege education. 
So on behalf of the Duke community, 
whose core values Coach K exemplifies, and on behalf of the House of Rep-resentatives, congratulations! We look forward to watching you build on your winning tradition for many years to come. 
f 
CONSERVATION PROGRAMS 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-
vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, earlier this month the United States Department of Agri-culture announced $370 million for 115 conservation projects in 50 States. These dollars are a result of the Re-gional Conservation Partnership Pro-gram which was recently created in the 2014 farm bill by the consolidation of numerous regional conservation pro-grams previously authorized under the 2008 law. 
This RCPP funding will also leverage 
an additional $400 million through non- Federal matching funds. Roughly 40 percent of these total dollars are going towards national or multistate projects, and about 35 percent towards ‘‘critical conservation areas,’’ which include the Great Lakes region, the Chesapeake Bay watershed, as well as other high priority agricultural re-gions. 
As chairman of the Agriculture Sub-
committee on Conservation and For-estry, the committee will be closely watching how USDA administers this critical program through oversight of the conservation title in the coming year. 
I strongly support commonsense, vol-
untary agriculture conservation. I look forward to working with USDA and the various stakeholders on how to make these programs as effective and results driven as possible. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS, COACH MIKE 
KRZYZEWSKI 
(Mr. BUTTERFIELD asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Madam Speak-
er, I rise with Congressman P
RICE to 
recognize the head coach of Duke Uni-versity men’s basketball team on be-coming the winningest Division I men’s basketball coach in our Nation’s his-tory. 
Coach Mike Krzyzewski’s 1,000th ca-
reer victory came Sunday afternoon in New York City at Madison Square Gar-den against the Red Storm of St. John’s University, a thrilling second 
half game. 
Over his 35 years as their head coach, 
he has led the Blue Devils to four NCAA Division I championships, 13 ACC tournament championships, and 12 ACC regular season championships. People like Grant Hill, Johnny Dawkins, Shane Battier, and even my son-in-law, Dahntay Jones, all honed their skills under the watchful eye of Coach K and went on to successful ca-reers in the NBA. 
Coach K is a four-time Olympic gold 
medal winner—in 1984 and 1992 as Team USA’s assistant coach, and in 2008 and 2012 as its head coach. In his most re-cent book, entitled, ‘‘The Gold Stand-ard: Building a World-Class Team,’’ Coach K has said leading Team USA to gold was one of the ‘‘most gratifying experiences’’ of his life. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H587 January 27, 2015 
Mike Krzyzewski’s accomplishments 
are impressive by any measure. Per-haps most impressive, though, is his work off the basketball court. In addi-tion to supporting countless charities over the years, he and his wife, Mickie, founded the Emily Krzyzewski Center, named in honor of his mother. The cen-ter mentors school-aged children to prepare them with the skills needed for college and beyond. 
When asked what he would like to be 
remembered for, Coach K said: ‘‘Just the fact that I’m an honest man, a truthful person, and somebody who cares about people, not just himself.’’ 
Coach K serves as an inspiration to 
so many around the Nation and the world. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Coach Mike Krzyzewski on his historic 1,000 vic-tories. 
f 
b1215 
INTERNATIONAL HOLOCAUST 
REMEMBRANCE DAY 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
am proud to join my south Florida col-league, Congressman T
EDDEUTCH , in a 
resolution commemorating today, the International Holocaust Remembrance Day and the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Nazi extermination camp at Auschwitz. 
Today serves as a somber and grim 
reminder of the evil mankind is capa-ble of as over 1.3 million people were systematically murdered in Auschwitz alone, including over 1.1 million Jews. As painful as it is to speak about the horrors of Auschwitz, we have a moral obligation to honor the memories of those who were murdered during mod-ern humanity’s darkest period. 
As anti-Semitism grows throughout 
Europe, we must take a solemn vow that these deaths were not in vain and that we will never forget, that we will never allow such atrocities to occur again. 
f 
BORDER SECURITY BILL IS 
DANGEROUS 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Madam Speaker, it is 
now week 4 in the new Republican Con-gress. There is still no jobs bill any-where in sight. Instead of taking up an infrastructure bill or a minimum wage bill to give working families bigger paychecks, we are seeing a dangerous immigration bill that will actually hurt our Nation’s security. 
Next week, Republican leadership is 
abandoning a bipartisan border secu-rity bill from the last Congress and in-stead trying to pass an irresponsible and unworkable $10 billion bill that simply appeases the extreme voices within their caucus. Border security experts say this bill 
would be ineffective. They call it unserious and dangerous for our Na-tion’s security. Secretary Jeh Johnson says that if enacted, it would actually leave the border less secure. 
This does not combat threats or se-
cure our border. It simply requires the Federal Government to spend billions of dollars of taxpayer money on unnec-essary projects. 
If we really wanted to do something 
here in this House about border secu-rity, let’s bring up the Border Security Results Act that was unanimously passed by the Homeland Security Com-mittee in the last Congress, bipartisan and unanimous, and it would get things done. 
f 
OPERATION TAXPAYER INITIATIVE 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Madam Speaker, Gran-
ite Staters are fed up with Washing-ton’s wasteful ways. The government’s irresponsible spending has led to bil-lions of your dollars being wasted to fund projects that already exist. In-stead of ensuring that the most truly in need receive a hand up, your tax-payer dollars are instead being handed out to increase Washington’s bureauc-racy. 
That is why I have launched Oper-
ation TAXPAYER, an ongoing initia-tive designed to eliminate the wasteful plaguing of our government, running up our debt, and crowding out funding for worthwhile programs. 
As part of this initiative, I have in-
troduced H. Res. 45, a bipartisan bill to fundamentally alter the way legisla-tion is brought to the House floor. 
Under H. Res. 45, every piece of legis-
lation awaiting consideration by Con-gress would receive a duplication score by the nonpartisan Congressional Re-search Service, with the goal of pro-viding Members the necessary knowl-edge to identify whether or not a new bill creates a new program or project that already exists within our govern-ment. 
This is a commonsense, bipartisan 
step that will allow our government to finally take sizable bites out of our debt and deficit while ensuring the pro-tection of safety nets for all Ameri-cans. 
f 
SECURE OUR BORDER ACT WILL 
COMPOUND SECURITY CONCERNS 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Madam Speaker, can-
cellation of this week’s vote of the Se-cure Our Border Act is a relief for northern border communities, includ-ing my western New York district. 
This legislation would require a bio-
metric exit system at every border crossing which would duplicate inspec-tions and significantly slow the flow of 
people and goods across the northern border. 
The Beyond the Border agreement al-
ready allows for exit data to be shared between Canadian and U.S. officials; thus, the implementation of this sys-tem at the northern border would be redundant at least. 
Already congested border crossings, 
such as the Peace Bridge in western New York, would see longer delays which would ultimately create disas-trous economic effects and compound security concerns. A Peace Bridge au-thority official said that implementa-tion of this program would effectively shut down the northern border. 
Investments in personnel and infra-
structure should be made along our borders, but we must take into consid-eration the unique needs of northern 
and southern border communities and protect the strong economic relation-ship that is essential to the United States and Canadian economies. 
f 
THE WORLD NEEDS RELIGIOUS 
FREEDOM 
(Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Madam 
Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I join in remembering one of the dark-est stains on the history of the world. 
Today, on International Holocaust 
Remembrance Day, we pay homage to the lives that were lost and remember the freedom that triumphed the day the death camps were liberated. On this day 70 years ago, thousands of prisoners were liberated at Auschwitz, the Nazi death camp where over a mil-lion Jews lost their lives. 
In all, more than 6 million Jews were 
killed by the Nazis, wiping out a part of European culture that existed for more than a thousand years. Today, Europe confronts a new wave of anti- Semitism as we witnessed in the mur-ders recently at the kosher market in Paris. 
What the world needs is religious 
freedom and the promotion of faith as a force for good. We also need strong military alliances that suppress racial hatred and genocide whenever it raises its ugly head. 
After the death camps were liberated, 
Jews still confronted an anti-Semitic Europe, and they made their way to Israel. When they fought for the war of independence in 1948, half the soldiers were survivors from the death camps. 
Today, when we remember the vic-
tims, let us also remember that it was the liberation of the survivors that helped found a new state: the state of tolerance, democracy, and freedom that Israel so proudly embodies. 
f 
REMEMBERING JERRY ‘‘J.R.’’ 
MCBRIDE 
(Mr. FOSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H588 January 27, 2015 
minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. FOSTER. Madam Speaker, as the 
114th Congress continues to set its course for the coming term, I rise today to honor Jerry ‘‘J.R.’’ McBride, a member of the DuPage County Board, who died of cancer in October at the young age of 47. 
I rise not to dwell on his passing but 
to suggest that we all may take a mo-ment to learn a few lessons from his life. J.R., as he was affectionately called, lived his life by focusing on the needs of others. 
He was a family man. He cared deep-
ly about his wife, Becky, and his five children. He was a community man, helping more area nonprofit organiza-tions than I have time to mention here. 
Perhaps most important for those of 
us in Congress, J.R. was a public serv-ant who put the needs of his commu-nity and his constituents ahead of poli-tics and partisanship. 
J.R. was an equal opportunity lis-
tener and a friend to Republicans and Democrats alike. He knew the impor-tance of cooperation and of com-promise, of humor and humanity. He saw in his fellow public servants the common aspiration to do what is right for the people that we have been elect-ed to represent. 
Mr. McBride recognized that we are 
all in this together, and he was com-mitted to working together for the greater good. That lesson, along with his accomplishments for DuPage Coun-ty and his memory, will live on. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING IS A 
HEINOUS CRIME 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, this week, we will take up legislation that helps combat one of the fastest growing, most des-picable criminal enterprises in the world: human trafficking. 
In my home State of Pennsylvania, 
we had a reported 82 incidents of human trafficking cases last year and a reported 426 calls of human trafficking violations. I am pleased that late last year, Pennsylvania added itself as a State that enacted stricter human traf-ficking laws, as have most other States nationwide. Pennsylvania was also named as one of the five most im-proved States. 
Our work on this issue, though, is far 
from over. Legislation this week takes important steps in the right direction, by streamlining law enforcement re-sources. It enhances victim services, and it criminalizes those who know-ingly advertise the commercial exploi-tation of children. It also allows Fed-eral grants to support shelters for vic-tims. 
I applaud the efforts of my colleagues 
in the House for raising awareness of this heinous crime, and I encourage bi-partisan support of all of the human 
trafficking legislation that we are con-sidering this week. 
f 
WE MUST REMAIN VIGILANT IN 
PROTECTING HUMAN RIGHTS 
(Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Madam 
Speaker, I rise today to commemorate International Holocaust Remembrance Day and the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp. 
Seventy years ago, following the 
atrocities of the Holocaust—which left 6 million Jews, 1 million Roma, 250,000 mentally and physically disabled indi-viduals, and 9,000 homosexuals brutally murdered simply because they were different—the world’s democracies stood together and declared: ‘‘Never again.’’ 
These two simple and powerful words 
greet visitors to the United States Hol-ocaust Memorial Museum as a re-minder that it is our collective respon-sibility to promote religious tolerance and stand up against persecution or to-talitarianism in any form. 
The recent attacks at a kosher mar-
ket and at the satirical magazine Char-lie Hebdo in Paris, the kidnapping of 276 Christian schoolgirls by Boko 
Haram in Nigeria, and beheading by the Islamic State of journalists and of 13 teenage boys last week for the sim-ple act of watching a soccer game un-derscore the unfortunate and troubling reminder that we must remain vigilant and undeterred in our fight to protect the most human rights. 
‘‘Never again’’ must be more than an 
aspirational statement; it must be fact. 
f 
THE TRAGIC REALITY OF HUMAN 
TRAFFICKING 
(Mr. YOUNG of Iowa asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Madam Speaker, 
I rise today to address the tragic yet growing reality of human trafficking. This evil exists even in the United States of America. Here at home, 300,000 young Americans are in danger of becoming victims of sex trafficking. 
Most troubling is how quickly these 
youths vanish in the shadows. Within 48 hours of being on the street, one in three kids will be lured into sexual ex-ploitation, according to the National Network for Runaway Youth. 
That is why we must build aware-
ness. Education is power. Please seek out the organizations that can educate you so that you can make a difference. In Iowa, we have the Iowa Network Against Human Trafficking, Iowa Teens Against Human Trafficking, Braking Traffik, and many, many other fantastic community and reli-gious organizations working to raise awareness and combat human traf-ficking in the State. Look them up. Get involved. We will 
work together to end trafficking be-cause our women and children are not safe. This isn’t something that just happens across the oceans; this is hap-pening at home. 
f 
MERCHANT MARINERS ARE OWED 
A DEBT OF GRATITUDE 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Madam Speaker, in World 
War II, more than 200,000 brave Ameri-cans answered the call of duty by join-ing the merchant marine, braving trou-bled seas to deliver crucial supplies to the battlefields of Europe and the Pa-cific. They faced enemy attack. Thou-sands perished at sea, and hundreds more were captured. 
Unfortunately, the veterans of the 
merchant marine who risked their lives in the service of this Nation were never eligible for the provisions of the GI bill that helped millions of veterans go to college, secure a home, and transition seamlessly into civilian life. 
To right this wrong, I am introducing 
the Honoring Our World War II Mer-chant Mariners Act of 2015. This bill would provide the one-time payment of $25,000 to fewer than 5,000 surviving World War II mariners. 
With many of these forgotten heroes 
well into their nineties, time is run-ning out to repay this debt of grati-tude. I encourage my colleagues to act quickly in cosponsoring this important legislation. 
f 
b1230 
INFRASTRUCTURE IMPROVEMENTS 
(Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Madam 
Speaker, I was pleased that the Speak-er expressed support for infrastructure improvements on ‘‘60 Minutes’’ last Sunday. 
America is in desperate need of re-
pair. 
Officials in San Diego just reported 
that it would take $3.9 billion to main-tain their infrastructure, and there is no doubt that my colleagues are facing similar circumstances in their home districts. 
The longer we wait, the longer we 
drag our feet on this issue, the bigger the pricetag grows. The economic bene-fits of an improved infrastructure are clear. S&P is estimating that $1.3 bil-lion in infrastructure investment cre-ates 29,000 construction jobs, and that is not including indirect job creation. 
But we all know this is more than an 
economic issue. We are risking the safety of the American people who are traveling every day on crumbling roads and bridges. 
Madam Speaker, what are we waiting 
for? There is much to gain by acting and yet so much to lose by doing noth-ing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H589 January 27, 2015 
BOKO HARAM 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I join my colleagues today in honoring, recognizing, and respecting those who traveled through the devastation and horror of the Holocaust. To those who lost their lives, I prayerfully mourn them. For those who survived, I cham-pion them and thank them and make a commitment as we have done as broth-ers and sisters, Republicans and Demo-crats, and as Americans: Never again. 
I rise as well to speak of the heinous-
ness of the acts of Boko Haram and the killing and murderous acts against in-nocent children in Nigeria. We must stand together and act against this cri-sis. We must recognize that this blood-shed will not stop. 
I am grateful that Secretary Kerry is 
in Nigeria and collaborating on what the next steps are. I want to thank the United States military, which has pro-vided insight and cooperation. 
But, Madam Speaker, there needs to 
be more. We need to have a waiver of some of the provisions dealing with utilization and collaboration in the Ni-gerian military. We must ask them to do what is right. We cannot sit by while the bloodletting Boko Haram continues to kill women and children across Nigeria. Enough—it must stop now. 
f 
DECLARING WAR ON IMMIGRANTS 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. TITUS. Madam Speaker, last 
week, House Republicans voted to eliminate DAPA, a program that would protect nearly 40 percent of undocu-mented immigrants, promote family unity, and boost our economy. They also voted to end DACA, which has helped some 630,000 DREAMers, includ-ing 10,000 in Nevada, come out of the shadows and pursue the American Dream. 
This Republican attack is not only 
being waged at the Federal level. Yes-terday, Nevada’s Republican attorney general joined more than two dozen other States in a lawsuit challenging President Obama’s executive action on immigration, although every President since Eisenhower has used similar ex-ecutive authority to protect immi-grants in our country. 
So what then is the real reason for 
this declaring war on immigrants? Could it be that they want to keep a desperate underclass to fill those low- wage, no-benefit jobs? Or do some fear that these folks might become citizens and vote them out of office? Regardless of the reason, these modern day know- nothings should be ashamed of them-selves. 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF GLOBAL 
SAI MOVEMENT 
(Mr. M
CDERMOTT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Madam Speaker, 
this year marks the 25th anniversary of the Global Sai Movement, which cele-brates the teachings and ideals of Shirdi Sai Baba, the most respected of the 19th century Indian perfect masters and renowned for his teachings of re-spect, compassion, and acceptance. He transcended religious barriers, earning accolades from Hindus, Christians, and Muslims. 
Dr. Chandra Bhanu Satpathy de-
serves great credit for his earnest and humble leadership of the Global Sai Movement. Since 1989, Dr. Satpathy has proven himself to be an exemplary leader, working to improve the welfare of others in the spirit of Sai Baba’s teachings. 
He has established nearly 350 cultural 
and community centers around the world and has sponsored international cultural and spiritual festivals. 
At a time when many parts of the 
world are in turmoil, much of it due to sectarian divisions, Dr. Satpathy and the Global Sai Movement offer a bridge of goodwill and vision for a peaceful fu-ture. 
f 
REMEMBERING LEON COUNTY 
SHERIFF LARRY CAMPBELL 
(Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Madam Speaker, 
today I rise to remember and honor Leon County Sheriff Larry Campbell, who after 50 years of public service lost a long-fought battle with cancer on De-cember 24, 2014. 
Sheriff Campbell first joined the 
Sheriff’s Office during his senior year at Florida State University after serv-ing in the Marine Corps. He was elected sheriff in 1996, a position of trust he would hold until his passing. 
Sheriff Campbell was respected by 
law enforcement across our State for his leadership. He was also well known for being an avid supporter of chari-table causes, including the United Way and American Heart Association. 
Sheriff Campbell is survived by his 
wife, Michelle; his son, Jack; and two daughters, Jeannette and Stephanie. 
Our community will remember Sher-
iff Campbell as a dedicated public serv-ant. We owe him and his family a great debt of gratitude. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN ). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule 
XX, the Speaker will postpone further proceedings today on motions to sus-pend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under 
clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING PREVEN-
TION, INTERVENTION, AND RE-COVERY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 350) to direct the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to identify strate-gies to prevent children from becoming victims of trafficking and review traf-ficking prevention efforts, to protect and assist in the recovery of victims of trafficking, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 350 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Human Traf-
ficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recov-ery Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE REPORT ON 
CHILD TRAFFICKING PRIMARY PRE-VENTION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Interagency Task Force 
to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, estab-lished under section 105 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103), shall conduct a review that, with re-gard to trafficking in persons in the United States— 
(1) in consultation with nongovernmental 
organizations that the Task Force deter-mines appropriate, surveys and catalogues the activities of the Federal Government and State governments to deter individuals from committing trafficking offenses and to pre-vent children from becoming victims of traf-ficking; 
(2) surveys academic literature on deter-
ring individuals from committing trafficking offenses, preventing children from becoming victims of trafficking, the commercial sex-ual exploitation of children, and other simi-lar topics that the Task Force determines appropriate; 
(3) identifies best practices and effective 
strategies to deter individuals from commit-ting trafficking offenses and to prevent chil-dren from becoming victims of trafficking; and 
(4) identifies current gaps in research and 
data that would be helpful in formulating ef-fective strategies to deter individuals from committing trafficking offenses and to pre-vent children from becoming victims of traf-ficking. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking shall provide to Con-gress, and make publicly available in elec-tronic format, a report on the review con-ducted pursuant to subparagraph (a). 
SEC. 3. GAO REPORT ON INTERVENTION. 
On the date that is one year after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report, which shall in-clude— 
(1) information on the efforts of Federal 
and select State law enforcement agencies to combat human trafficking in the United States; and 
(2) information on each Federal grant pro-
gram, a purpose of which is to combat 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H590 January 27, 2015 
human trafficking or assist victims of traf-
ficking, as specified in an authorizing stat-ute or in a guidance document issued by the agency carrying out the grant program. 
SEC. 4. PROVISION OF HOUSING PERMITTED TO 
PROTECT AND ASSIST IN THE RE-COVERY OF VICTIMS OF TRAF-FICKING. 
Section 107(b)(2)(A) of the Trafficking Vic-
tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, in-cluding programs that provide housing to victims of trafficking’’. 
SEC. 5. VICTIM OF TRAFFICKING DEFINED. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘victim of traf-
ficking’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) and 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Speaker recognizes the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extra-neous material on H.R. 350, currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in favor 
of H.R. 350, the Human Trafficking Pre-vention, Intervention, and Recovery Act of 2015 introduced by Representa-tive K
RISTI NOEMof South Dakota. 
As we have heard on the floor repeat-
edly this week, human trafficking gen-erally and child sex trafficking specifi-cally is a horrible crime that sadly ex-ists in all corners of our country. Stud-ies suggest that over 290,000 youth are at risk of human trafficking in the United States, with children as young as 12 years old becoming victims of commercial sexual abuse. While Fed-eral, State, and local law enforcement have made great strides to combat and eradicate human trafficking, there re-mains work to be done on this front. 
As in all things, to effectively com-
bat human trafficking, we must first fully understand the problem. H.R. 350 requires the existing Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Traf-ficking to survey and catalogue the methods being employed by our Fed-eral and State governments to deter in-dividuals from committing trafficking offenses and to report on best practices that can improve the response. The bill also directs the Government Account-ability Office to report on Federal and State efforts to fight trafficking, in-cluding the grant programs aimed at assisting victims and fighting this crime. 
Finally, in order to help young vic-
tims move on from their trauma, H.R. 350 clarifies that existing Federal traf-
ficking grants may be used for pro-grams that provide housing for victims of sex trafficking. Currently, 29 States do not have shelter beds dedicated to the victims of sex trafficking. This pro-vision would help address that trav-esty. 
Similar legislation was passed in the 
House last Congress but was not en-acted into law. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle here and on the other side of the Capitol to pass this bill, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, January 26, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Ray-
burn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-
sulting with the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs regarding H.R. 350, the Human Traf-ficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recov-ery Act of 2015. As a result of those consulta-tions, I agree that the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee may be discharged from further con-sideration of that bill, so that it may pro-ceed expeditiously to the House floor. 
I am writing to confirm our mutual under-
standing that, by forgoing consideration of H.R. 350, the Foreign Affairs Committee does not waive jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this, or any other, legisla-tion. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this bill, and would appreciate your support for any such request. 
I ask that a copy of our exchange of letters 
on this matter be included in the Congres-sional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 350. 
Sincerely, 
E
DWARD R. R OYCE , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, January 26, 2015. 
Hon. E DROYCE , 
Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Ray-
burn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE , Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 350, the ‘‘Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act of 2015.’’ As you noted, the Committee on Foreign Affairs was granted an additional referral of the bill. 
I am most appreciative of your decision to 
discharge the Committee on Foreign Affairs from further consideration of H.R. 350 so that it could proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on the Foreign Affairs is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your rule X jurisdic-tion. I would support your effort to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees on any House-Senate conference in-volving this legislation. 
I will include a copy of our letters in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of H.R. 350. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of H.R. 350, the 
Human Trafficking Prevention, Inter-vention, and Recovery Act of 2015. 
According to the Federal Bureau of 
Investigation, sex trafficking is the fastest growing business of organized crime and the third-largest criminal enterprise in the world. The scourge of our society is estimated to be a $9 bil-lion industry in the United States and as much as a $30 billion industry world-wide. 
All of the criminals and all of those 
who wish to do wrong realize that it is a bigger and better business than drugs because, tragically and unfortunately and with great sadness, they use their product over and over again. They use these innocent persons, many women, many children, many boys, over and over again. 
Because this criminal activity rarely 
occurs in public view, it is difficult to say exactly how many children are being victimized. What we do know, however, is that the problem is exten-sive. All you have to do is walk along any of the streets of major cities and find homeless teenagers, or even younger than that, and you will find out that in some way they have been tainted and touched and brutalized by sex trafficking. 
Madam Speaker, an estimated 290,000 
American children are at risk of be-coming victims of sex trafficking. The National Center for Missing and Ex-ploited Children estimates that one of every seven endangered runaways who reported to the center are likely vic-tims of minor sex trafficking. 
I am told that the average age of mi-
nors entering the sex trade is between 12 and 14 years old. Vulnerable youth are primary targets. They are more easily lured into prostitution and other forms of child exploitation, while run-aways and children in foster care are especially vulnerable. Child victims of sex trafficking can and do come from a type of home or socioeconomic back-ground that makes them particularly, if you will, in the line of fire. 
The bottom line, however, Madam 
Speaker, is that all of these children are deserving of rescue, recovery, pro-tection, and shelter. One of the advoca-cies that I had in my own hometown was to provide for children in foster care that had aged out, because those are likely victims, unbeknownst to themselves, and they are worthy of saving. 
The bill before us, H.R. 350, the 
Human Trafficking Prevention, Inter-vention, and Recovery Act of 2015, is an important step toward pursuing traf-fickers and those who solicit the serv-ices of trafficked individuals. It man-dates a review of Federal and State prevention activities by the Inter-agency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, and this review is to be done in consultation with non-governmental organizations. That is a great partnership. 
The purpose of this review is to iden-
tify best practices in the prevention of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H591 January 27, 2015 
trafficking. This study, along with the 
mandated GAO, will provide much- needed intelligence to be shared among those Federal, State, and local agen-cies dedicated to combating sex traf-ficking. 
And might I add, Madam Speaker, 
that what is also needed is a commit-ment, an investment of resources, to not just have the studies but to make sure that we match the importance of this legislation with resources. 
Witnesses testified at a Homeland 
Security Committee field hearing in Houston in March of last year, which I convened and brought Members of Con-gress to Houston for, which has a par-ticularly serious problem. 
First, one of the biggest limitations 
on the ability of area law enforcement agencies to successfully combat human trafficking in and around Houston is a lack of data sharing. Another witness said we—local enforcement—need the Feds to build a Houston trafficking re-gional database accessible only to vice and human trafficking personnel to store, share, and search data on all as-pects of Houston-area human traf-ficking investigations. 
b1245 
Madam Speaker, the need for the in-
formation that will be collected by the GAO study and the Interagency Task Force to monitor and combat traf-ficking is not only needed, it is long overdue. 
This bill also addresses a major con-
cern that anti-trafficking advocates have shared with me—the lack of hous-ing or shelter for survivors. Trafficked kids need a way out, someplace to es-cape. Without such refuge, these chil-dren will return to their traffickers, and their traffickers will be waiting for them. This bill provides funding for local shelters so they get the support they need to house survivors and to get these young people started on the path to recovery. 
Today, we are considering several 
bills that address domestic minor sex trafficking, and it is right that we do all we can to protect our children. Most statistics indicate that the aver-age age of a female when she is first victimized in human trafficking is a very young year of age. With this fact alone, we can understand why the ma-jority of Federal investigations and prosecutions of trafficking involve mi-nors. One of the statements we made on the floor today with all of these bills is that the minors are victims— they are not the criminals—and they need to be saved. That is what we are committing to. 
I will share with you the testimony 
of another witness at last year’s field hearing. The witness said: 
Many of the females my officers are en-
countering on the streets, in the massage parlors, at the strip clubs, and on the Inter-net sites are typically 18 to 21. We know from experience that, while these young women may be adults now, they have, with all likelihood, been under the control of a pimp trafficker for many years. Madam Speaker, I met those women. 
Yes, they have been under the horrible domination of these traffickers for many years, and some were sold by their parents. We need to take defini-tive steps to ensure that this group of victims does not fall through the cracks because we are focusing on the minors. We do this by ensuring that the laws we pass and the supportive as-sistance we establish are also available 
to these older young women. 
In closing, Madam Speaker, I encour-
age my colleagues to join me in sup-porting H.R. 350, the Human Traf-ficking Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act. I compliment the spon-sors and cosponsors, and I encourage them to remember that there are still those other victims of human traf-ficking who are equally deserving of our consideration and protection. While we will accomplish much in com-bating human trafficking by our ac-tions today, let us commit ourselves to doing more. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
350, the ‘‘Human Trafficking Prevention, Inter-vention and Recovery Act of 2015.’’ 
According to the Federal Bureau of Inves-
tigation, sex trafficking is the fastest growing business of organized crime, and the third largest criminal enterprise in the world. This scourge of our society is estimated to be a $9.8 billion industry in the United States and as much as a $30 billion industry worldwide. Because this criminal activity rarely occurs in public view, it is difficult to say exactly how many children are being victimized. What we do know, however, is that the problem is ex-tensive. 
Madam Speaker, an estimated 290,000 
American children are at risk of becoming vic-tims of sex trafficking, and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children estimates that one of every seven endangered runaways reported to the Center are likely victims of minor sex trafficking. I am told that the aver-age age of minors entering the sex trade is between 12 and 14 years. Vulnerable youth are primary targets. They are more easily lured into prostitution and other forms of child exploitation, and while runaways and children in foster care are especially vulnerable, child victims of sex trafficking can and do come from any type of home or socioeconomic background. 
The bottom line, however, Madam Speaker, 
is that all of these children are deserving of rescue, recovery, protection and shelter. The bill before us, H.R. 350, the Human Traf-ficking, Prevention, Intervention, and Recovery Act of 2015, is an important step toward pur-suing traffickers and those who solicit the services of trafficked individuals. It mandates a review of federal and state prevention activi-ties by the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking, and this review is to be done in consultation with nongovernmental organizations. The purpose of this review is to identify best practices in the prevention of traf-ficking. This study, along with the mandated GAO will provide much-needed intelligence to be shared among those federal, state and local agencies dedicated to combatting sex trafficking. 
Witnesses at a Homeland Security Com-
mittee field hearing held in Houston in March of last year testified, First, one of the biggest limitations on the 
ability of area law enforcement agencies to successfully combat Human Trafficking in and around Houston is our lack of data shar-ing. 
Another witness stated, 
We (local law enforcement) need the feds 
to build a Houston Trafficking Regional Database, accessible only to Vice/Human Trafficking personnel to store, share, and search data on all aspects of Houston area Human Trafficking investigations. 
Madam Speaker, the need for the informa-
tion that will be collected by the GAO study and the Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking is not only needed. It is long overdue! 
This bill also addresses a major concern 
that anti-trafficking advocates have shared with me—the lack of housing or shelter for survivors. Trafficked kids need a way out, some place to escape to. Without such a ref-uge, these children will return to their traf-fickers. This bill provides the funding for local shelters to get the support they need to house survivors and get these young people started on the path to recovery. 
Madam Speaker, today we are considering 
several bills that address domestic minor sex trafficking, and it is right that we do all we can to protect our children. Most statistics indicate that the average age of a female when she is first victimized into Human Trafficking is years old. For this fact alone, we can understand why the majority of federal investigations and prosecutions of human trafficking involve mi-nors. 
I must share with you, however, the testi-
mony of another witness at last year’s field Houston field hearing. That witness said, 
. . . (many of the females that my officers 
are encountering on the streets, in the mas-sage parlors and strip clubs, and on the internet sites are typically age 18–21. We know from experience that while these young women may be adults now, they have, in all likelihood been under the control of a pimp/trafficker for many years. We need to take definitive steps to ensure that this group of ‘victims’ does not fall through the cracks because we are focusing on the mi-nors by ensuring that the laws we pass and the support/assistance we establish is also available to these young women. 
In closing, Madam Speaker I encourage my 
colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 350, the Human Trafficking, Prevention, Interven-tion and Recovery Act of 2015, and I encour-age them to remember that there are still those other victims of human trafficking who are equally deserving of our consideration and protection. While we will accomplish much in combating human trafficking by our actions today, there is still much more to be done. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. N
OEM), the author 
of this bill. 
Mrs. NOEM. Madam Speaker, for 
many years, my perspective of human trafficking was based off of a scene I had seen in a movie. It was a scene in which a father came to a playground, took the hand of his 6-year-old daugh-ter, took her off to have sex with some-one, and then brought her back to play. That was a scene from a country far, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H592 January 27, 2015 
far away, but it changed me forever. 
Oftentimes, when I have thought about human trafficking or sex trafficking over those years, I have thought about its being far, far away from home. Then I began to learn about what a problem we have here in the United States. 
It is not just happening in other 
countries. It happens here. It happens in States like New York, Florida, and California, but it also happens in South Dakota, and that is devastating for me for many reasons. I have two daugh-ters, and I know that the average age that a young girl is trafficked is be-tween the ages of 12 and 14. I have a son who is 12, and the average age of boys who are trafficked is between the ages of 11 and 13. I cannot imagine my chil-dren having to go through what some of these victims have had to go through. 
I also spent my life involved in many 
different youth organizations. I have been a children’s minister for many years. I still teach Sunday school. I have also been involved with 4–H. I have spent my life with kids, trying to help their lives become better so that they can build the kinds of traits and character they need to benefit the world. I recognize that many children don’t have those opportunities; yet I see the devastating effects of this in-dustry here in our country. 
They say one of the first steps to re-
covery is admitting that you have a problem. We have got a huge problem in this country, and that is why you will find these bills on the House floor today. We want to make sure that we not only recognize that there is a prob-lem, but that we give our law enforce-ment officers as many tools as possible to get rid of this industry and to help as many victims as possible. 
Hundreds of thousands of children 
are trafficked every single year in the United States. Most of these victims are women and girls. Many come from tough backgrounds that have led them to the situations they are in today; but did you know that most of them, if they are involved in the sex trafficking industry, are forced to have sex 25 to 48 times a day? That is unfathomable to me. We as a nation have a responsi-bility to do everything that we can to prevent trafficking. When prevention efforts fail, we have a responsibility to help those victims recover. 
I know many of my colleagues today 
have also made this a priority, and I am grateful for their leadership on this issue. Last year, we passed many of these bills through this House, but they got hung up in the Senate even though they were extremely bipartisan over here in the House. That is why they are back again today, because we need to get these bills signed into law to save our children. 
Now, as we begin the 114th Congress, 
our resolve is brought forward again to fight against human trafficking. I am grateful for everyone here today who has sponsored the bills, who has worked on behalf of these bills, and I 
am grateful for their leadership to make sure that we pass these bills and get them signed into law. 
The bill that I have sponsored here 
today is going to make sure that when we spend Federal resources that they are spent in a manner that is going to actually help kids and help people get out of this industry. It is going to make sure that we are cooperating with nonprofits and with other organi-zations that have been involved in the industry before and that were being ef-fective while we put those efforts for-ward. Then it is going to make sure 
that we have the dollars available to have shelters for those victims who are trying to come out of this situation. We have fewer than 200 beds available for victims in this country who want to recover, who want to heal, and who want to get on with their lives in pur-suing the American Dream, like so many other people in this country have. That is why this bill is impor-tant. That is why all of these bills are important. It is why we need to pass them. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
as I have no further requests for time, I will just close by saying our children need our response. They are suffering. It is important that we work together to minimally provide them with the shelter that they need and with the re-sources that they need to eliminate the scourge of human trafficking and sex trafficking. With that, I ask for the support of the underlying legislation, H.R. 350. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I think this is an example that this House can do important things on a bipartisan basis. I com-mend the gentlewoman from South Da-kota for introducing the legislation, and I commend the gentlewoman from Texas for supporting the legislation, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) that the House sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 350. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STOP EXPLOITATION THROUGH 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 159) to stop ex-ploitation through trafficking, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 159 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Exploi-
tation Through Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SAFE HARBOR INCENTIVES. 
Part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 1701(c), by striking ‘‘where 
feasible’’ and all that follows, and inserting the following: ‘‘where feasible, to an applica-tion— 
‘‘(1) for hiring and rehiring additional ca-
reer law enforcement officers that involves a non-Federal contribution exceeding the 25 percent minimum under subsection (g); or 
‘‘(2) from an applicant in a State that has 
in effect a law that— 
‘‘(A) treats a minor who has engaged in, or 
has attempted to engage in, a commercial sex act as a victim of a severe form of traf-ficking in persons; 
‘‘(B) discourages the charging or prosecu-
tion of an individual described in subpara-graph (A) for a prostitution or sex traf-ficking offense, based on the conduct de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) encourages the diversion of an indi-
vidual described in subparagraph (A) to ap-propriate service providers, including child welfare services, victim treatment programs, child advocacy centers, rape crisis centers, or other social services.’’; and 
(2) in section 1709, by inserting at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(5) ‘commercial sex act’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
‘‘(6) ‘minor’ means an individual who has 
not attained the age of 18 years. 
‘‘(7) ‘severe form of trafficking in persons’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Vio-lence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102).’’. 
SEC. 3. REPORT ON RESTITUTION PAID IN CON-
NECTION WITH CERTAIN TRAF-FICKING OFFENSES. 
Section 105(d)(7)(Q) of the Victims of Traf-
ficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7103(d)(7)(Q)) is amended— 
(1) by inserting after ‘‘1590,’’ the following: 
‘‘1591,’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and 1594’’ and inserting 
‘‘1594, 2251, 2251A, 2421, 2422, and 2423’’; 
(3) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(4) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(5) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vi) the number of individuals required by 
a court order to pay restitution in connec-tion with a violation of each offense under title 18, United States Code, the amount of restitution required to be paid under each such order, and the amount of restitution ac-tually paid pursuant to each such order; and 
‘‘(vii) the age, gender, race, country of ori-
gin, country of citizenship, and description of the role in the offense of individuals con-victed under each offense; and’’. 
SEC. 4. NATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOT-
LINE. 
Section 107(b)(2) of the Victims of Traf-
ficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)(2)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and 
(C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following: 
‘‘(B) N
ATIONAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING HOT -
LINE.—Beginning in fiscal year 2017 and each 
fiscal year thereafter, of amounts made available for grants under this paragraph, the Secretary of Health and Human Services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H593 January 27, 2015 
shall make grants for a national communica-
tion system to assist victims of severe forms of trafficking in persons in communicating with service providers. The Secretary shall give priority to grant applicants that have experience in providing telephone services to victims of severe forms of trafficking in per-sons.’’. 
SEC. 5. JOB CORPS ELIGIBILITY. 
Section 144(a)(3) of the Workforce Innova-
tion and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3194(a)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) A victim of a severe form of traf-
ficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)). Not-withstanding paragraph (2), an individual de-scribed in this subparagraph shall not be re-quired to demonstrate eligibility under such paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 6. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF THE 
UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERV-ICE. 
Section 566(e)(1) of title 28, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (C), the 
following: 
‘‘(D) assist State, local, and other Federal 
law enforcement agencies, upon the request of such an agency, in locating and recovering missing children.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) and 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extra-neous material on H.R. 159, currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This weekend is one of America’s 
greatest sports traditions—the Super Bowl. As most Americans huddle around the television, either rooting for their teams or against the rival as the case may be, sadly, many American children are huddled on the streets or in hotel rooms—the victims of sex traf-ficking. 
A sinister side to major sporting 
events and to other large events is that a portion of the attendants come look-ing to abuse young children as much as they come for the headline events. While no one knows exactly how much the incidence of child sex trafficking increases during these events, it is known that pimps do bring children and other victims from around the country to offer them for sale at the Super Bowl and at other similar events. During last year’s Super Bowl, the FBI and other law enforcement 
agencies arrested more than 45 traf-fickers and rescued 16 child victims of sex trafficking, including victims as young as 13 years old and some who had been reported missing by their families. 
Compounding this tragedy is the fact 
that most States have no exception to their prostitution laws for minor vic-tims of trafficking. These children must often fear arrest and prosecution when law enforcement manages to lo-cate and rescue some sex trafficking victims. This must stop. In recognizing the need for protection and support for the growing number of child victims of commercial sex trafficking, an increas-ing number of States have taken steps to establish so-called ‘‘safe harbor’’ provisions that either decriminalize minor prostitution or divert minor vic-tims to the services and support needed for recovery. 
H.R. 159, the Stop Exploitation 
Through Trafficking Act, introduced by Mr. P
AULSEN of Minnesota and Ms. 
MOORE of my own State of Wisconsin, 
seeks to continue this trend by encour-aging the States, through preferential treatment in the Federal COPS grants, to enact safe harbor legislation that ensures these victims are treated as victims and not as criminals and that they are directed to support services and not to detention facilities. 
The bill also codifies a ‘‘national 
human trafficking hotline’’ that en-sures young victims are eligible for en-rollment in the Job Corps program. It requires the Attorney General to re-port on sex offender convictions, and it clarifies the authority of the U.S. Mar-shals Service to help locate and re-cover missing children, many of whom are vulnerable to becoming sex traf-ficking victims. 
This bill passed the Judiciary Com-
mittee by voice vote. Similar legisla-tion passed on the House floor unani-mously last Congress, but it was not enacted into law. 
There is no such thing as a child 
prostitute—just victims of commercial sexual abuse at the hands of adults, so I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 159. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  
WORKFORCE , H OUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, January 26, 2015. 
Hon. B OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, House 
of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing to con-
firm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 159, the ‘‘Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 1015.’’ Thank you for con-sulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 159 on those matters within the committee’s juris-diction. 
In the interest of expediting the House’s 
consideration of H.R. 159, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forgo fur-ther consideration of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this proce-dural route will not be construed to preju-dice my committee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill, or any other 
similar legislation, and will not be consid-ered as precedent for consideration of mat-ters of jurisdictional interest to my com-mittee in the future. 
I respectfully request your support for the 
appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be consid-ered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNKLINE, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , 
Washington, DC, January 26, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNKLINE, 
Chairman, Committee on Education and the 
Workforce, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN KLINE, Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 159, the ‘‘Stop Exploi-tation Through Trafficking Act of 2015,’’ which the Judiciary Committee ordered re-ported favorably to the House on January 21, 2015. 
I am most appreciative of your decision to 
forego consideration of H.R. 159 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving formal consideration of the bill, the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the sub-
ject matter contained in the bill. In addition, I would support your effort to seek appoint-ment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House-Senate conference involving this legislation. 
Finally, I am pleased to include a copy of 
our letters in the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of H.R. 159. 
Sincerely, 
B
OBGOODLATTE , 
Chairman. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The manager, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , is 
right. These are certainly both cases and legislation that, one, we are ap-palled at with the case studies that we have seen and with the legislation that we seek in a bipartisan manner to solve that exploitation. 
I rise in support of H.R. 159, the Stop 
Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015. The Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act is another weapon in the war against sex trafficking in our country. 
Madam Speaker, we are truly at war. 
As we stand here today, some child is being sex-trafficked—some runaway who is away from her family, not able to be found, not finding a place of ref-uge—falling into the deadly hands, if you will, of someone who will take ad-vantage of her almost for the rest of her life. In Houston, I met women who had engaged in or who had been sub-jected to that in the early part of their lives, and they will tell you how it fol-lows them for a long, long time, so they subject themselves to drugs and alcohol to eliminate the pain. 
This bill contains important victim- 
based initiatives to help combat sex trafficking. One of those initiatives, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H594 January 27, 2015 
the national safe harbor law, is essen-
tial to making sure that victims of sex trafficking are not criminalized but, instead, are diverted to Child Protec-tive Services. Only 12 States have safe harbor laws for minor victims of sex trafficking. That is far too few. Obvi-ously, we need all 50 States to have this safe harbor. 
My colleagues, there is no such thing 
as a child prostitute. There are only child victims of rape. Children cannot give consent. There is no such thing as a child prostitute. Likewise, it is ille-gal for adults to have sex with chil-dren, children who by their very ages are under the age of consent. Sex with a minor, again, is rape. The seriousness of the offense is not diminished by hav-ing the john pay for the sex, making him feel good. It is still rape. It is time we stopped referring to the customer— the person having sex with a child— with such a polite title as a ‘‘john.’’ 
In addition, we must label those who 
provide the johns with children, with minors, as what they are—horrific and horrible and vile criminals. The person who is the john is a rapist, a child rap-ist. We must punish those who prey on the vulnerable, and that includes not only the pimps and the traffickers, but also the rapists. 
b1300 
On the other hand, in an effort to 
help their recovery, we must not con-tinue to victimize the victims. This bill empowers victims by providing for a national hotline to request help. The importance of this national hotline must not be underestimated. 
In my earlier statement, I spoke of a 
field hearing that I convened last March in Houston as a member of the Homeland Security Committee. During that hearing, Mr. McClelland, the chief of the Houston Police Department, tes-tified that an 18-year-old victim of human trafficking contacted the na-tional hotline asking for help to escape her violent pimp. 
The young victim had been forced to 
have sex with a john who ended up stabbing her and leaving without pay-ing any money—a stabbing. She was fearful and wanted to get the money. It was a horrible situation. 
While her injuries were not life 
threatening, she did require medical attention for her injuries. However, the pimp refused to take her to get medical treatment, and she owed him to make up the money that the previous john who stabbed her did not pay. 
Vice’s human trafficking unit re-
ceived the information from hotline personnel and were able to contact, lo-cate, and rescue the young female. They also arrested the pimp and charged him with felony of compelling prostitution. Madam Speaker, I wish there was a harsher charge, but it was good work by the local law enforce-ment. 
Madam Speaker, this story ends well. 
The young victim was reunited with family members that same day. This case serves as a great example of how 
law enforcement and nongovernmental organizations can successfully work to-gether to not only rescue victims of human trafficking, but also arrest the 
perpetrators of this crime and get them off the street and away from other vic-tims who are still out there. 
H.R. 159 also helps victims obtain 
restitution, and this is what I like: it puts them back on the right track by giving them eligibility for the Job Corps program, where we have seen lives turn around. It wants to say to them: You are valuable, you are wor-thy, and you have a future. 
This bill will help ensure that all vic-
tims of sex trafficking are treated as victims in every State and every juris-diction. For these reasons, I join with my colleague, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , and 
urge my colleagues to support this leg-islation as well. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
159, the ‘‘Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 2015.’’ 
The Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking 
Act is another weapon in the war against sex trafficking in our country. This bill contains im-portant victim-based initiatives to help combat sex trafficking. One of those initiatives, the Na-tional Safe Harbor Law, is essential to making sure that victims of sex trafficking are not criminalized, but instead are diverted to child protective services. Only 12 states have safe harbor laws for minor victims of sex trafficking. 
My colleagues, there is no such thing as a 
‘‘child prostitute’’; there are only child victims of rape. Likewise, it is illegal for adults to have sex with children who, by their very age, are under the age of consent. Sex with a minor is rape! The seriousness of the offense is not di-minished by having the ‘‘john’’ pay for the sex. It is still rape, and it’s time we stopped refer-ring to the customer, the person having sex with a child, with such a polite title as a ‘‘john.’’ He is a rapist, a child rapist! We must punish those who prey on the vulnerable, and that includes not only the pimps and traffickers but also the rapists. 
On the other hand, we must not continue to 
victimize the victims. In an effort to help their recovery, this bill empowers victims with a na-tional hotline to request help. The importance of this national hotline must not be underesti-mated. 
In my earlier statement, I spoke of a field 
hearing that the Committee on Homeland Se-curity held in Houston in March of last year. During that hearing Mr. Charles McClelland, Jr, Chief of Police, of the Houston Police De-partment, testified, 
. . . an 18 year old female victim of Human 
Trafficking . . . contacted the National Human Trafficking Resource Center Hotline asking for help to escape her violent pimp. The young victim had been forced to have sex with a ‘‘john’’ who ended up stabbing her and leaving without paying her any money. While her injuries were not life threatening, she did require medical attention for her in-juries, however, the pimp refused to take her to get medical treatment until she earner him more money to make up for the money that the previous ‘‘john’’ did not pay. Vice/ Human Trafficking Unit personnel received the information from Hotline personnel, and were able to contact, locate, and rescue the young female, and also arrest the pimp and charge him with felony compelling prostitu-tion. Madam Speaker, this story ends well. This 
young victim was reunited with family mem-bers that same day. This case serves as a great example of how law enforcement and non-governmental organizations can success-fully work together to not only rescue victims of Human Trafficking, but also arrest the per-petrators of this crime and get them off the street and away from other victims who are still out there. 
H.R. 159 also helps victims obtain restitution 
and grants them eligibility for Job Corps pro-grams. This bill will help ensure that all victims of sex trafficking are treated as victims in every state and in every jurisdiction. 
For these reasons I support this bill and 
urge my colleagues to support it as well. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ), the principal au-
thor of the bill. 
Mr. PAULSEN. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, it is easy and com-
fortable to think that sex trafficking only happens in countries outside the United States. The truth is that more than 100,000 are at risk of being traf-ficked for commercial sex here in the United States each and every year, here in America. 
We have a word for a situation when 
one group of people is dehumanized and has their basic human rights snuffed out for someone else’s economic gain. That word is slavery. The problem we have today is not a thing of the past. It is not from some remote corner of the world that you can’t find on a map. 
Slavery in the form of human traf-
ficking is happening right now. It is happening in our cities, suburbs, and rural communities. It is happening in each and every one of our congres-sional districts. 
I am sad to say that Minneapolis, 
Minnesota, my home State, has actu-ally been listed as one of the 13th larg-est centers for sexual exploitation of children in the entire country. 
I realize how critical it is to educate 
our community about what I have learned from talking to victims like Dayanna, who became a 13-year-old trafficking victim. Dayanna didn’t get a lot of love and attention from her mother or family. 
While she took it upon herself to 
take care of her brothers and sisters, she longed for someone to give her love and attention. She ended up being se-duced by a man who promised to be her ‘‘boyfriend.’’ 
Guess what? At age 13, within days 
after running away with him, she found herself being trafficked in Chicago and Philadelphia, without a home and sepa-rated from her family. Only a daring jump from a second-story window actu-ally allowed her to escape. 
Many might think that if Dayanna 
had come from a different family situa-tion, she wouldn’t have been trafficked; sadly, that is not the case. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H595 January 27, 2015 
I will never forget meeting with the 
mother of a young woman named Brit-tany. Brittany was a very young girl who was violently raped, murdered, and then found dead in an impound lot last February. Unlike Dayanna, Brit-tany had a loving family. She worked with children at a local recreation cen-ter and taught dance lessons. 
Despite these circumstances, Brit-
tany was also a victim of sex traf-ficking but was too embarrassed to speak out until it was too late. As Brit-tany’s mother told me: ‘‘It doesn’t matter if victims have a home because if sex trafficking can happen to my daughter, it can happen to any young girl.’’ 
That is exactly what we are talking 
about: young girls who are only 12, 13, or 14 years old. They are not old enough to have graduated from high school. They are not old enough to have voted in an election. They are not old enough to pass their driver’s li-cense exam. In fact, in most States, these girls would be considered crimi-nals that should be incarcerated and charged with prostitution instead of being treated as victims. 
We found that criminalization only 
traumatizes these girls and actually isolates them from the community and the services that they need and de-serve. That is why, Madam Speaker, we need this legislation, H.R. 159, the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act, which focuses on incentivizing States to have safe harbor laws. 
Safe harbor laws ensure that these 
girls are treated as victims. Safe har-bor laws will give legal protection for minor victims and provide them with specialized social services. 
We know that by bringing these vic-
tims out of the shadows, we can make sure they get the services they need, including medical and psychological treatment, housing, legal services, edu-cational assistance, job training, and more. 
Law enforcement can then focus on 
actually bringing the perpetrators of these awful crimes to justice. This bi-partisan legislation incentivizes States to adopt these safe harbor laws, so we can expand on the successes we have seen in States like Minnesota. 
In 2011, Minnesota became the fifth 
State to approve safe harbor legisla-tion. After their safe harbor laws went into effect, guess what? Law enforce-ment in Minnesota began arresting more johns than ever before, and human trafficking convictions more than doubled. Best practices evaluated by law enforcement and victims groups show that removing the fear of pros-ecution from victims actually works. 
Today, only a little over a dozen 
States have full safe harbor laws. We have got to do more to protect these victims and be sure the pimps and johns are brought to justice. 
This legislation also helps victims by 
codifying a national human trafficking hotline and making victims eligible for Job Corps services. By giving them an avenue to access for job skill training, 
they can begin to rebuild their lives. 
Madam Speaker, the bill also helps 
law enforcement by allowing the U.S. Marshals Service to support other State, local, or Federal law enforce-ment agencies that are investigating missing child cases. 
Finally, the bill increases oversight 
by requiring additional reporting to Congress on restitution orders in traf-ficking cases. These provisions are all essentially critically important pieces in the effort to combat sex trafficking. 
I want to thank my colleague G
WEN 
MOORE from Wisconsin for her advo-
cacy, passion, and partnership on this legislation and moving it forward on a bipartisan basis. I also want to thank the leaders of the Judiciary Committee team who have recognized that this is a top priority and moved it quickly early in this session of Congress. 
I look forward to working with my 
colleague, Senator K
LOBUCHAR from 
Minnesota, as well, in passing each and every one of these anti-trafficking bills and getting them on the President’s desk, so we can continue to save the lives of children. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), who has cham-
pioned these bills. 
Ms. MOORE. I want to thank the gen-
tlewoman from Texas and the gen-tleman from Wisconsin. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of H.R. 159, the Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act, which has been so diligently pushed through with the superb partnership of Congressman E
RIK PAULSEN of Minnesota. It has 
been a thrill to partner with him throughout this process. 
This is a bipartisan collaboration be-
cause, unfortunately, this is a bipar-tisan problem. Solving the problem of sexual exploitation of children will re-quire work on all of our parts because it is a financial boom. People become multimillionaires in this illicit trade. 
Also, the gentlewoman from Texas 
has worked so diligently to combat sex trafficking in places like Nigeria, and I joined with her on that initiative. 
It is very disheartening to know that 
right here, within our own borders, the FBI estimates that at least 100,000 chil-dren in the United States of America are currently trafficked and another 200,000 are right on the cusp. They are at risk of sexual exploitation. 
These victims are not ‘‘women of the 
night’’ or sexualized women who are doing it of their own free will—no. The average age of these victims is 13. It is an embarrassing statistic. It is embar-rassing to report that my own home-town of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, has be-come known as a sex trafficking hub for both children and adults. 
In 2013 alone, just on a random day, 
the FBI did a sweep and rescued 10 ju-venile girls from sex traffickers in Mil-waukee. Trafficking is all too common in communities across the Nation— from urban settings, rural settings, 
suburban settings, and from coast to coast. 
Predators victimize vulnerable young 
people such as those in the foster care system. They prey upon those living in poverty; but what we do know is they also seek out higher-income children, going after those children who may have problems in their own homes. Some are LGBT identified. 
There is no safe harbor for children 
unless we create it through laws such as this. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield the gen-
tlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. MOORE. I am proud of this legis-
lation, I am pleased to cosponsor it, and I urge all of my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 159. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, we have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself the balance of my time. 
In closing, we have all come today 
with an important project, and that is to help save our children. 
I wouldn’t want to leave this very 
important bill that talks about saving our children from sex trafficking with-out letting our colleagues know that we want every possible act of human trafficking to be reported at 1–866–347– 2423. We want those who are victims to know that they can seek help, too, at 1–888–373–7888. 
The statement we are making is that 
we are doing everything we can to ex-tinguish and eliminate this heinous tragedy in our country. I ask my col-leagues to support this legislation and to recognize that we must stop exploi-tation through trafficking. 
I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 
159, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, this is another ex-
ample of bipartisan cooperation in the House of Representatives. I do wish to commend the principal author of the bill, Mr. P
AULSEN from Minnesota, an 
original cosponsor; Ms. M OORE from 
Wisconsin; and my colleague, the rank-ing member of the Crime Sub-committee, Ms. J
ACKSON LEEof Texas. 
We have all worked together. Hope-
fully, we can send this bill over to the other body, and they will promptly pass it. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) that the House sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 159, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H596 January 27, 2015 
b1315 
STOP ADVERTISING VICTIMS OF 
EXPLOITATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 285) to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a penalty for knowingly selling adver-tising that offers certain commercial sex acts. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 285 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Adver-
tising Victims of Exploitation Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘SAVE Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ADVERTISING THAT OFFERS CERTAIN 
COMMERCIAL SEX ACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1591 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended in subsection (a)(1), by inserting after ‘‘obtains,’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘advertises,’’. 
(b) M
ENSREAREQUIREMENT .—Section 1591 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended in subsection (a), by inserting after ‘‘knowing, or’’ the following: ‘‘, except where, in an of-fense under paragraph (2), the act consti-tuting the violation of paragraph (1) is ad-vertising,’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
1591(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, or adver-tised’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, or adver-tised’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) and 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Speaker recognizes the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extra-neous material on H.R. 285, currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, the Stop Adver-
tising Victims of Exploitation Act, H.R. 285, introduced by Mrs. W
AGNER of 
Missouri, is an important yet modest bill. It uses one word, just one word, to clarify that, just as it is against the law to prostitute a child on the street, it is likewise against the law to pros-titute a child through an advertise-ment. 
By adding the word ‘‘advertises’’ to 
the existing Federal sex trafficking statute at 18 United States Code, sec-tion 1591, this bill makes clear that Congress intends to prohibit the know-
ing advertising of child sex trafficking to the same extent as the other con-duct prohibited by law. 
H.R. 285 is a technologically neutral 
bill and applies to all advertisements that sell children for sex over which there is Federal jurisdiction, regardless of whether they appear on the Internet or somewhere else. It is important to remember that these advertisements, as well as all speech promoting illegal activity, are specifically not protected speech under the First Amendment. 
In order to bring a case against the 
trafficker under this legislation, the government must prove that the de-fendant knew that they were adver-tising and knew or recklessly dis-regarded the fact that the ad involved a minor or someone involved through force, fraud or coercion. 
However, this legislation raises the 
bar even higher for defendants who, while not directly placing the ads, do knowingly benefit from the placement of advertising. 
Specifically, the bill requires the 
government to show that these defend-ants knew that the advertisement in-volved a minor or a coerced adult. Reckless disregard is not sufficient. 
H.R. 285 only clarifies that people 
who advertise sex trafficking could face criminal liability. 
Under current law, there is the addi-
tional possibility of civil liability for defendants who violate the Federal sex trafficking statute. However, under section 230 of the Communications De-cency Act, online publishers of third- party advertisements are generally im-mune from civil liability for such ad-vertisements. H.R. 285 does nothing to disrupt or modify the immunity al-ready provided by section 230. 
Congress has criminalized adver-
tising multiple times in recent years. Title 18 of the Federal criminal code currently prohibits advertising pro-
moting counterfeit currency, section 491; obscene or treasonous material, section 552; and the unlawful sale of military medals, section 704, among other things. 
It is wholly appropriate for Congress 
to prohibit the advertising of illegal goods or services. Having done so for il-legal advertisements involving animal cruelty, prescription drugs, and coun-terfeit items, today we take the com-monsense step of prohibiting adver-tising that offers sex with children and coerced adults. 
While the Internet has indisputably 
done much good, U.S. law enforcement has identified online advertisements as the primary platform for buying and selling sex with minors. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
it is my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ), an active and 
committed member of the House Judi-ciary Committee and ranking member on the Commercial Subcommittee. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 285, the SAVE Act. 
Human trafficking is never okay. It 
is a vile crime that no one should be subjected to, but the SAVE Act goes too far. 
This bill would impose a mandatory 
minimum sentence of 10 to 15 years for posting or facilitating the posting of advertisements online. We should be eliminating mandatory minimum sen-tences, not creating new ones. 
This bill is not specific enough. It 
could potentially apply to communica-tions providers and facilitators who are not actually engaged in sex trafficking. 
For example, an employee at an on-
line advertising network that has no role in the types of ads they receive could face 10 to 15 years in prison for simply going in to work every day and helping advance the business. Web hosts and ad networks oftentimes do not have advance warning of the ads that are being sent to them. 
During our Judiciary Committee 
markup, I offered an amendment that would have removed mandatory mini-mums from the legislation, giving the judge hearing the case, of course, the discretion to impose a wise and just punishment. 
I believe in the overall goal of the 
legislation, but I do not agree with its execution. Judges, working with the sentencing guidelines, should deter-mine sentences, not legislators. 
Mandatory minimums fail to reduce 
crime, they waste taxpayers’ money, and often violate common sense. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
this legislation. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AG-
NER), the author of this bill. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the chairman for his leadership on this very, very important issue. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in sup-
port of my bill, H.R. 285, the Stop Ad-vertising Victims of Exploitation, or SAVE, Act. 
But Madam Speaker, I also rise today 
in support of all the good work done by my colleagues here in Congress on the issue of human trafficking. 
Madam Speaker, as a former United 
States Ambassador, I was exposed first-hand to the horrors of human traf-ficking on an international level. I wit-nessed and reported on the devastating consequences of human trafficking, where innocent women and children were dragged into the dark abyss of sexual slavery. 
But never, never in my wildest 
dreams did I ever think human traf-ficking was so rampant right here in the United States of America. 
Madam Speaker, right now there are 
young women being forced into pros-titution in virtually every district across this Nation. In fact, I was shocked to learn that my own home-town of St. Louis, Missouri, has been identified as one of the top 20 areas for sex trafficking in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H597 January 27, 2015 
Madam Speaker, this is a problem 
that is hiding in plain sight. Every year, thousands of young American lives are impacted by this despicable crime. 
However, there is hope. I take hope 
from the work that is done by law en-forcement professionals who are on the front lines every day protecting our Nation’s children from those who would seek to exploit them. 
I take hope from those who work in 
victims’ services and their tireless ef-forts to help survivors recover, heal, and forge new lives out of the horrors of sexual enslavement. 
Most importantly, I take hope from 
all the survivors of this hideous crime. This bracelet, Madam Speaker, was made by survivors at a safe house called Crisis Aid International in my own hometown of St. Louis, Missouri. 
Their strength gives us strength, 
their resolve gives us inspiration, and their steadfast commitment to ending sex trafficking gives us the courage to fight. 
I am grateful for the many colleagues 
that I have who have supported legisla-tion and held events in their home dis-tricts to raise awareness and education of this crime. Our work has yet to begin. 
However, Madam Speaker, there is 
much, much work to do still. Legisla-tors, we have an obligation to come to-gether and to do something because we can, because we should, and because we must. 
Over the last 10 years, prostitution 
has slowly but persistently migrated to an online marketplace. Classified serv-ices like backpage.com and others are the vehicles for advertising the victims of sexual slavery in this world. 
Pimps and traffickers blatantly ad-
vertise their victims’ sexual services with provocative photographs and unsubtle messages, complete with per- hour pricing. The traffickers pay Web sites like Backpage and others to dis-play their messages, and these Web sites, accordingly, reap enormous prof-its at the expense of victims of sex trafficking. 
Many of these ads feature children 
and trafficking victims, and they are resulting in thousands of children every year being openly sold for sex on the Internet. 
Madam Speaker, government inter-
vention is necessary to end facilitation of sex trafficking by Web sites like backpage.com and others who commer-cially advertise this criminal activity. 
Companies that base their business 
models off the profits made by selling sex with children should not be allowed to operate. 
The SAVE Act seeks to criminalize 
this behavior, thereby dramatically re-ducing the victimization of vulnerable children and women forced into sexual slavery in the United States. 
Madam Speaker, this legislation 
passed the House last year in an over-whelming bipartisan vote of 392–19. 
I recognize that it is critically impor-
tant that innocent actors are protected from the liability, while giving pros-
ecutors the means to combat human trafficking. 
To be clear, Madam Speaker, this 
legislation prohibits only those adver-tisements that the government can prove actually offer sex with a child or sex with an adult who is involved due to force, fraud, or coercion. 
There is well-established precedent 
for Congress to criminalize the adver-tising of legal goods and services, as the chairman has outlined previously. Surely, advertisements offering sex with children should also be subject to the same restrictions. 
Criminalizing the advertisement of 
trafficking victims will stem the flow of money, resulting in a reduction of both demand and supply. 
The victims of sex trafficking are not 
nameless, faceless children. They are our daughters, our granddaughters, our nieces, and our neighbors. They are the vulnerable youth of our society, the ones who should be protected the most, Madam Speaker, not exploited for money and greed. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
SAVE Act because it will provide the tools necessary for law enforcement to combat the sexual exploitation and en-slavement of women and children in the United States. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
it is my privilege to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), who has served so ably on this 
committee, and we congratulate him for his ranking position on the Edu-cation Committee. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
I rise in opposition to H.R. 285, the 
SAVE Act. While I support the under-lying goal of ensuring that those who facilitate sex trafficking through ad-vertising are prosecuted to the full ex-tent of the law, I am opposed to the bill’s mandatory minimum sentencing provisions. 
Mandatory minimum sentences have 
been studied extensively and have been found to distort rational sentencing systems, discriminate against minori-ties, waste money, and often require a judge to impose sentences that violate common sense. To add insult to injury, studies have shown that mandatory minimum sentences fail to reduce crime. 
Under this bill, the advertising of sex 
trafficking will result in a mandatory penalty of 10 or 15 years, depending on the circumstances of the crime. There is no doubt that many of these individ-uals prosecuted under this bill should receive long prison sentences, but in some cases a mandatory sentence of 10 or 15 years may not be justified. 
This is particularly troublesome 
when you consider the possible scope of defendants who could be prosecuted under the bill. Notably, the prohibition on advertising does not only apply to the sex trafficker who places the ad, or the employee who accepted the ad, but also includes those who benefit finan-
cially from the ad. 
b1330 
That is all of the employees, includ-
ing the receptionist or the computer guy, everybody on the payroll who might have seen the ads or read in the paper that the company publishes some illegal ads but decided to look the other way; they should be held respon-sible under the provisions of the bill. And many of them would certainly warrant a sentence of 15 years or even more, but not all of them. 
Madam Speaker, mandatory min-
imum sentences didn’t get into the criminal code at all once but one at a time, each one part of an otherwise good bill. If we expect to get rid of mandatory minimums, we have to first stop passing new ones like this. 
Madam Speaker, if people ask why a 
judge in Florida had to sentence Marissa Alexander to 20 years for firing a warning shot at her abusive boy-friend, or why some drug dealer’s girlfriend got 25 years when she had no meaningful role in his drug dealing, or why the United States has 5 percent of the world’s population but 25 percent of the world’s prisoners, they would not understand why anybody said they had to vote for a bill that further expands mandatory minimum sentences. 
Fifteen years in prison, mandatory 
for everybody on the payroll that gets caught up in this bill—that is what is in this bill. There is no discretion af-forded to the judge. The sentence would have to be imposed, whether it makes any sense or not. 
Madam Speaker, if we expect to re-
peal mandatory minimum sentences, the first order of business is to stop passing new ones. This bill contains a new mandatory minimum that some-day will require a judge to impose a sentence that violates common sense. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), 
the distinguished chair of the Judici-ary Committee. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the chairman of the Crime Sub-committee for his hard work on this issue, and I appreciate the time. 
While it goes without saying that the 
growth of the Internet and smartphones have proven to be of great value in many aspects of our lives, these tools can also be used by crimi-
nals to facilitate the commercial sex-ual exploitation of children and other victims by providing an easy way for pimps or traffickers to market child sex trafficking victims to those who seek to do them harm. With just a click of a button, individuals can now use Web sites to advertise, schedule, and purchase sexual encounters with minors, just like they would use these services to hire a ride home. 
The SAVE Act, introduced by Mrs. 
W
AGNER from Missouri, makes a tech-
nical clarification to an existing Fed-eral sex trafficking statute to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H598 January 27, 2015 
clear that the law extends to traf-
fickers who knowingly sell sex with minors and victims of force, fraud, or coercion through advertising, as well as to people or entities that knowingly benefit from the sale or distribution of such advertising. 
While much of the growth of this ter-
rible crime is on the Internet, this bill is technology neutral and applies to all advertising of children for sex, regard-less of the medium. It is important to note that these advertisements, as with all ads and other speech pro-moting illegal activity, are not pro-tected speech under the First Amend-ment. 
H.R. 285 was the subject of robust 
committee process both last Congress and this, and the bill was reported out of the Judiciary Committee last week by voice vote. The legislation that is on the floor today strikes the right bal-ance by protecting victims from com-mercial sexual exploitation, while also ensuring that constitutional rights are respected and innocent third parties are not wrongly prosecuted. 
This legislation simply clarifies and 
modernizes Federal criminal law to keep pace with the evolving trend of exploiting the Internet for criminal gains. The bill passed the House floor last Congress with wide bipartisan sup-port but was not enacted into law. 
I commend my colleague from Mis-
souri, Congresswoman W
AGNER , for 
sponsoring this important legislation again. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. I urge the United States Senate to take up this bill. Let’s get it signed into law by the President of the United States. It would help save our children from the horrors that people under-stand but do not want to see. It is good legislation. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
We started out this afternoon by say-
ing that we join together in stopping the scourge of human trafficking and sex trafficking, and I still stand by that premise. I support the Stop Adver-tising Victims of Exploitation Act. I do believe that adding advertising and having the provision in the law that in-cludes mens rea is an important pro-tection, that there must be an intent to sell and to advertise victims of ex-ploitation. 
This, of course, is part of a number of 
proposals that we are considering today—and we hope we are successful— to combat sex trafficking; but, as we have discussed with respect to these other bills, much more must be done to prevent sex trafficking as well as to ag-gressively investigate and prosecute these crimes. H.R. 285 amends the cur-rent Federal sex trafficking statute so that advertising would now be one of the prohibitive means of facilitating this type of exploitive criminal con-duct. 
We know, of course, that technology, 
however, sometimes is tricky. The bill correctly recognizes the fact that sex 
traffickers increasingly obtain cus-tomers for their illegal acts through the means of mass communication, ei-ther through various forms of print media or via the Internet. Maybe they throw in the cell phone or hard line as well, but they are out to get their vic-tim. They are out to get that child. They are out to get that young woman or young man, boy or girl, and we must stop them in their tracks. In fact, sex traffickers use generalized market-place Web pages to advertise, as well as sites and pages devoted to advertising the availability of commercial sex. 
While the Internet has enriched our 
lives greatly, these sex traffickers are only interested in using it in the most vile manner; and they use the Internet to perpetrate heinous criminal schemes, such as the selling of minors for sex. Without question, sex traf-fickers who advertise their scheme should be penalized for their criminal acts. 
While I realize that some have raised 
questions about how the advertising prohibitions under this bill would apply to online companies, I am con-cerned that we have a free use of that, if I might throw in a word, ‘‘net neu-trality.’’ Because of this, we adopted an amendment during the Judiciary Committee’s markup last Congress and now again, in a bipartisan effort, to ad-dress such concerns. That amendment is included in the text of H.R. 285. 
We know, for example, however, that 
with the way the Internet is, some in-nocent person might wind up finding things on their site that they may not have had anything to do with. We hope the standard of mens rea will help those individuals have a defense. 
So as it relates to this legislation, I 
raise concerns, as my colleagues have done, about the utilization, conduct, of mandatory minimums, primarily be-cause of the vastness of the Internet, and our friends made the point that this advertising could wind up or some act could wind up on there without their knowledge. 
We know the one-size-fits-all ap-
proach, which is part of the mandatory minimum approach, to criminal ac-tions in the form of mandatory mini-mums has greatly contributed to our Nation’s crisis of overincarceration, and our Judiciary Committee, rightly so, has looked at this over the years. 
In the markup of this bill, the Judici-
ary Committee did not adopt an amendment that would have removed application of the statute’s mandatory minimum penalties and instead allow a judge to apply an appropriate sentence under the circumstances of the case up to the statute’s existing penalty, which I support enthusiastically, life in pris-on. 
Given the complicated nature of 
Internet communications networks with respect to how advertisements are delivered, the role of the judge might help to carve through, to ferret out, the facts and determine the level of guilt. So authorizing life imprisonment 
is a good thing. It would allow suffi-cient latitude for the imposition of ex-tremely lengthy sentences where ap-propriate. 
I am hoping as we move forward with 
this legislation, which has a very im-portant premise and point, that we will have the opportunity to discuss with our colleagues in the Senate to see how we can best make sure that this bill works to, in essence, target the bad guys and make sure that it does it fair-ly and directly, because sex traf-ficking, as I have always said on this floor, should be weeded out. Sex traf-ficking should not be. 
I ask my colleagues again to consider 
the mandatory minimum. I ask my col-leagues to support this legislation. 
Madam Speaker, H.R. 285, the ‘‘Stop Ad-
vertising Victims of Exploitation Act,’’ is among a number of important proposals we are con-sidering today to combat sex trafficking. 
As we have discussed with respect to these 
other bills, much more must be done to pre-vent sex trafficking as well as to aggressively investigate and prosecute these crimes. 
H.R. 285 amends the current federal sex 
trafficking statute so that advertising would now be one of the prohibited means of facili-tating this type of exploitative criminal conduct. 
The bill correctly recognizes the fact that 
sex traffickers increasingly obtain customers for their illegal acts through the means of mass communication, either through various forms of print media or via the Internet. 
In fact, sex traffickers use generalized mar-
ketplace Web pages to advertise, as well as sites and pages devoted to advertising the availability of commercial sex. 
While the Internet has enriched our lives 
greatly, these sex traffickers use the Internet to perpetrate heinous criminal schemes such as the selling of minors for sex. 
Without question, sex traffickers who adver-
tise their schemes should be penalized for their criminal acts, while I recognize that some have raised questions about how the adver-tising prohibitions under this bill would apply to online companies. 
Because of this, we adopted an amendment 
during the Judiciary Committee’s markup last Congress to help address such concerns. That amendment is included in the text of H.R. 285. 
Nevertheless, I cannot support this bill in its 
current form because it would subject yet an-other category of conduct to mandatory min-imum sentences. 
Mandatory minimums lead to sentences that 
sometimes are not appropriate based on the facts of a particular case. A one-size-fits-all approach to criminal actions in the form of mandatory minimums has greatly contributed to our Nation’s crisis of overincarceration. 
In the markup of this bill, the Judiciary Com-
mittee declined to adopt an amendment that would have removed application of the stat-ute’s mandatory minimum penalties and in-stead allow a judge to apply an appropriate sentence—under the circumstances of the case—up to the statute’s existing maximum penalty of life in prison. 
Given the complicated nature of internet 
communications networks with respect to how advertisements are delivered, the role of the judge in evaluating each case is particularly important. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H599 January 27, 2015 
And, authorizing life imprisonment would 
allow sufficient latitude for the imposition of extremely lengthy sentences—when appro-priate. 
Because of this defect involving mandatory 
minimum sentences, I must oppose the bill that we consider today. 
By voting ‘‘no,’’ the House will allow the Ju-
diciary Committee time to fix this serious flaw. 
With this important consideration in mind, I 
must ask my colleagues to oppose the bill today so that we may consider a better bill dealing with this aspect of sex trafficking in the near future. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ), 
a member of the Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Madam Speaker, 
I am an avid supporter of the Internet; I have been one since the late 1970s. However, there is a dark side to the Internet. There are back pages out there and Web sites that have a busi-ness model to make money off of ex-ploiting child sex slaves, advertising child sex slaves. 
This bill gives law enforcement the 
tools they need to investigate and pros-ecute those who advertise the victims of sex trafficking. This bill advances a compelling government and humani-tarian interest to protect our children from those who seek to buy and sell them like products. This bill makes it illegal to knowingly profit from the distribution of advertising that offers a commercial sex act in violation of sec-tion 1591 of the Federal criminal code, which deals with the sex trafficking of-fense. 
The SAVE Act doesn’t seek to re-
strict the free, legitimate exchange of information and ideas. I heard some of my colleagues on the other side—the gentleman from Georgia and others— express concern about innocent em-ployees of Web sites or sites like Google that may accidentally index one of these sites or somebody who has an online forum on their Web site and somebody makes an off-topic post. That is why we added the word ‘‘know-ingly.’’ I want the legislative history of this bill to show that ‘‘knowingly’’ is important. They have got to know that they are advertising for victims of human trafficking. 
It was carefully crafted so that le-
gitimate Internet companies and le-gitimate Web sites are protected, but it is absolutely critical that we go after those who are trafficking in persons and advertising and profiting off of it. They absolutely need to be held ac-countable. 
Protection of America’s First 
Amendment right to freedom of speech is fundamental, especially on the Inter-net, and that was one of the guiding principles of creating this. Less regula-tion of the Internet, low regulation of the Internet is important, but there are some things you have got to draw the line on. Profiting off of advertising or profiting at all from child sex traf-ficking is unacceptable, and this law fixes that to the best of our ability 
while still protecting folks’ First Amendment rights. 
I am proud to work with my col-
league from Missouri, Representative W
AGNER , in working to combat this 
terrible crime of human trafficking. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I would ask the gentleman from Wis-consin, the chairman, if he has any fur-ther speakers. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I have two additional requests for time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I will continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). 
Ms. M CSALLY. Madam Speaker, I 
would like to thank Chairman S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Congresswoman W AGNER , and 
all the other Members for their hard work on this important legislation put forward last night and today to combat human trafficking. 
Human trafficking is a 21st century 
form of slavery, and it is devastating lives across the country. In Arizona’s Second Congressional District, a lack of resources to identify victims, pre-vent instances of trafficking, and pros-ecute those who participate leads to many young girls and boys being vic-timized by these traffickers. 
I spoke very recently with Jerry Pey-
ton, the founder of an organization called Sold No More, dedicated to end-ing trafficking in Tucson, Arizona. Jerry experienced the devastation of trafficking firsthand in his own family. His daughter Lisa, who was a high school honors student, ran away from home after the death of her boyfriend, where she quickly was preyed upon by traffickers and forced into smuggling and prostitution. Jerry found his daughter living with five men who ran a drug ring and was able to rescue her, yet the police never apprehended the men who victimized Lisa. The only po-lice record of this innocent reads: ‘‘A juvenile returned to the custody of her parents.’’ 
Jerry’s family’s experiences high-
light the growing need for resources to train law enforcement to identify and respond to instances of trafficking. He told me that in Pima County there is not a single law enforcement officer in any agency dedicated full-time to the trafficking issue. 
Before 2010, there had not been a sin-
gle case of sex trafficking in Pima County, despite arrests for prostitution that treat victims like criminals. When they place online ads in back pages for clearly young victims, within 24 hours, there are 100 calls that come in looking to exploit these victims. This is wrong. 
We can start raising awareness of 
trafficking by changing the perception of trafficking victims. It is estimated that only about 10 percent of those trafficked in our country have come across the border. The overwhelming majority are runaways and vulnerable 
children who are preyed upon. 
b1345 
These are our neighbors being traf-
ficked in our communities, not some distant far-off place. Under the surface of our communities, sex trafficking is a prevalent and devastating reality. Widely-attended events like the Super Bowl coming up in Glendale, Arizona, or the annual gem show in Tucson act as a magnet for traffickers and, unfor-tunately, their victims. 
It is critical that we pass this bill to 
prosecute all offenders who victimize and participate and advertise, includ-ing online, in the trafficking of chil-dren. We also must support efforts to raise awareness and educate those who work in law enforcement, health care, child protective services, and elsewhere to prevent all trafficking, give law en-forcement the tools they need to be proactive, and care for the victims after they have been rescued. 
I support this legislation and the 11 
other bills put forward to combat human trafficking, and I urge support from my colleagues. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ). 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Madam 
Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to rise and discuss this issue briefly. It just came to me last week when my 13- year-old daughter turned 14 and I looked at her and have seen her with her friends, just the scourge, the hor-rendous things that are done to these young ladies, whether it is here or internationally. 
I was brought back to a visit I had 
last year to an organization called WAR, Women At Risk International, in my district, the Second District of Michigan, where they are trying to use civilian first responders to identify those signs of trafficking to make sure that those aren’t those police reports saying ‘‘minor returned to parent’’ and that they are able to utilize the things that they see or suspect as a way of pulling those girls out of those situa-tions. 
It is heartfelt that I want to make 
sure that this body pursues this issue, and I commend all of our colleagues who have dealt with this as we are try-ing to create these circles of protection and hope around these women and chil-dren that are in this horrible situation. 
Madam Speaker, I commend every-
body for this legislation, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
in closing, I yield myself such time as I might consume. 
Madam Speaker, we have had three 
bills so far, and we are getting ready to offer two others that all speak to this very devastating impact on our chil-dren—human trafficking and sex traf-ficking. I think the Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act, H.R. 285, does focus on a particular niche that is heinous. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H600 January 27, 2015 
Our children are on the Internet, 
they are tech savvy, and they easily can become victims of an attractive site or attractive sounds and music, so I think this legislation, again, pin-points a very serious issue. 
The bill is an amendment of an exist-
ing legislation that includes a mens rea. There must be intent; but we do know, in the course of legislation, we have the opportunity to make sure that what we do does meet the test of getting those who are truly the per-petrators. 
I would hope as this bill moves to the 
Senate, as we recognize the importance of this legislation, we, again, be re-minded that one size does not often fit all and that judges can rightly have discretion to a sentence of life. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
legislation so that we can have a com-prehensive approach to legislative bills that have been on the floor today to at-tack head on, if you will, those who prey on our children, young men and women, people who find themselves lost with no place to go and become the serious victims of child pornography, sex trafficking, and human trafficking. As Members, we know that, many times, the entire life of that individual is changed forever. 
I yield back the balance of my time 
and ask for support of the underlying bill. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, we have spent about 
an hour and a half today talking about how bad this problem is. The two pre-vious bills were passed unanimously by voice vote. 
There seem to be two arguments 
against the current bill. One is that the net might be too broad. That has been responded emphatically by putting a ‘‘knowingly’’ standard in so that some-body who is innocent will not be caught up if an advertisement for sex trafficking appears without their knowledge. 
The second is the philosophical de-
bate on mandatory minimum sen-tences. I think there are some crimes where there ought to be a mandatory minimum sentence. I know many of my colleagues sincerely disagree with that, but believe me, advertising kids— minor kids—for sex should be some-thing that puts you in jail for some time. 
I am glad this bill allows for life sen-
tences in case of egregious offenses, but I think that even in ones that might be less than egregious, spending some time in jail will show this country and maybe others who may be tempted to get involved in this horrific business that if you are caught, you are going to spend some time. 
Madam Speaker, I urge Members to 
support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ) that the House sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 285. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 181) to provide justice for the victims of trafficking, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 181 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice for 
Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. VICTIM-CENTERED SEX TRAFFICKING DE-
TERRENCE GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 203 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-
tection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (j); 
(2) by striking subsections (a) through (f), 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney 
General may make grants to eligible entities to develop, improve, or expand comprehen-sive domestic child human trafficking deter-rence programs that assist law enforcement officers, prosecutors, judicial officials, and qualified victims’ services organizations in collaborating to rescue and restore the lives of victims, while investigating and pros-ecuting offenses involving child human traf-ficking. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Grants 
awarded under subsection (a) may be used for— 
‘‘(1) the establishment or enhancement of 
specialized training programs for law en-forcement officers, first responders, health care officials, child welfare officials, juvenile justice personnel, prosecutors, and judicial personnel to— 
‘‘(A) identify victims and acts of child 
human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) address the unique needs of victims of 
child human trafficking; 
‘‘(C) facilitate the rescue of victims of 
child human trafficking; 
‘‘(D) investigate and prosecute acts of child 
human trafficking, including the soliciting, patronizing, or purchasing of commercial sex acts from children, as well as training to build cases against complex criminal net-works involved in child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(E) implement and provide education on 
safe harbor laws enacted by States, aimed at preventing the criminalization and prosecu-tion of victims of child human trafficking for prostitution offenses; 
‘‘(2) the establishment or enhancement of 
dedicated anti-child human trafficking law enforcement units and task forces to inves-tigate child human trafficking offenses and to rescue victims, including— 
‘‘(A) funding salaries, in whole or in part, 
for law enforcement officers, including pa-trol officers, detectives, and investigators, except that the percentage of the salary of the law enforcement officer paid for by funds from a grant awarded under this section shall not be more than the percentage of the 
officer’s time on duty that is dedicated to working on cases involving child human traf-ficking; 
‘‘(B) investigation expenses for cases in-
volving child human trafficking, including— 
‘‘(i) wire taps; ‘‘(ii) consultants with expertise specific to 
cases involving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(iii) travel; and ‘‘(iv) other technical assistance expendi-
tures; 
‘‘(C) dedicated anti-child human traf-
ficking prosecution units, including the funding of salaries for State and local pros-ecutors, including assisting in paying trial expenses for prosecution of child human traf-ficking offenses, except that the percentage of the total salary of a State or local pros-ecutor that is paid using an award under this section shall be not more than the percent-age of the total number of hours worked by the prosecutor that is spent working on cases involving child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(D) the establishment of child human 
trafficking victim witness safety, assistance, and relocation programs that encourage co-operation with law enforcement investiga-tions of crimes of child human trafficking by leveraging existing resources and delivering child human trafficking victims’ services through coordination with— 
‘‘(i) child advocacy centers; ‘‘(ii) social service agencies; ‘‘(iii) State governmental health service 
agencies; 
‘‘(iv) housing agencies; ‘‘(v) legal services agencies; and ‘‘(vi) non-governmental organizations and 
shelter service providers with substantial ex-perience in delivering services to victims of child human trafficking; 
‘‘(3) the establishment or enhancement of 
problem solving court programs for child human trafficking victims that include— 
‘‘(A) continuing judicial supervision of vic-
tims of child human trafficking who have been identified by a law enforcement or judi-cial officer as a potential victim of child human trafficking, regardless of whether the victim has been charged with a crime related to human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) the development of specialized and in-
dividualized treatment programs for identi-fied victims of child human trafficking, in-cluding— 
‘‘(i) State-administered outpatient treat-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) life skills training; ‘‘(iii) housing placement; ‘‘(iv) vocational training; ‘‘(v) education; ‘‘(vi) family support services; and ‘‘(vii) job placement; and ‘‘(C) collaborative efforts with child advo-
cacy centers, child welfare agencies, shel-ters, and non-governmental organizations to provide services to victims and encourage cooperation with law enforcement; and 
‘‘(4) the establishment or enhancement of 
victims’ services programs for victims of child human trafficking, which offer services including— 
‘‘(A) residential care, including temporary 
or long-term placement, as appropriate; 
‘‘(B) 24-hour emergency social services re-
sponse systems; and 
‘‘(C) counseling and case management 
services. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity shall 
submit an application to the Attorney Gen-eral for a grant under this section in such form and manner as the Attorney General may require. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—An applica-
tion submitted under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) disclose— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H601 January 27, 2015 
‘‘(i) any other grant funding from the De-
partment of Justice or from any other Fed-eral department or agency for purposes simi-lar to those described in subsection (b) for which the eligible entity has applied, and which application is pending on the date of the submission of an application under this section; and 
‘‘(ii) any other such grant funding that the 
eligible entity has received during the 5-year period prior to the date of the submission of an application under this section; 
‘‘(B) describe the activities for which as-
sistance under this section is sought; 
‘‘(C) include a detailed plan for the use of 
funds awarded under the grant; and 
‘‘(D) provide such additional information 
and assurances as the Attorney General de-termines to be necessary to ensure compli-ance with the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(3) P
REFERENCE .—In reviewing applica-
tions submitted in accordance with para-graphs (1) and (2), the Attorney General shall give preference to grant applications if— 
‘‘(A) the application includes a plan to use 
awarded funds to engage in all activities de-scribed under paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (b); or 
‘‘(B) the application includes a plan by the 
State or unit of local government to con-tinue funding of all activities funded by the award after the expiration of the award. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION AND RENEWAL OF AWARD .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sec-
tion shall expire 1 year after the date of award of the grant. 
‘‘(2) R
ENEWAL .—A grant under this section 
shall be renewable not more than 3 times and for a period of not greater than 1 year. 
‘‘(e) E
VALUATION .—The Attorney General 
shall enter into a contract or other agree-ment with an academic or non-profit organi-zation that has experience in issues related to child human trafficking and evaluation of grant programs to conduct an annual evalua-tion of grants made under this section to de-termine the impact and effectiveness of pro-grams funded with grants awarded under this section, and shall submit any such evalua-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate. 
‘‘(f) O
VERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY .—An 
eligible entity that receives a grant under this section is subject to the requirements of section 10 of the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act of 2014. 
‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATIVE CAP.—The cost of ad-
ministering the grants authorized by this section shall not exceed 5 percent of the total amount appropriated to carry out this section. 
‘‘(h) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a program funded by a grant awarded under this section may not exceed— 
‘‘(1) 70 percent in the first year; ‘‘(2) 60 percent in the second year; and ‘‘(3) 50 percent in the third year. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘child’ means a person under 
the age of 18; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘child advocacy center’ 
means a center created under subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13001 et seq.); 
‘‘(3) the term ‘child human trafficking’ 
means 1 or more severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)) involving a victim who is a child; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘eligible entity’ means a 
State or unit of local government that— 
‘‘(A) has significant criminal activity in-
volving child human trafficking; 
‘‘(B) has demonstrated cooperation be-
tween Federal, State, local, and, where ap-plicable, tribal law enforcement agencies, prosecutors, and social service providers in 
addressing child human trafficking; and 
‘‘(C) has developed a workable, multi-dis-
ciplinary plan to combat child human traf-ficking.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (j) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Health and 
Human Services’’ and inserting ‘‘Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2008 through 
2011’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2015 through 2019’’. 
SEC. 3. AMENDMENTS TO THE VICTIMS OF CHILD 
ABUSE ACT OF 1990. 
The Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 
U.S.C. 13001 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 212(5) (42 U.S.C. 13001a(5)), by 
inserting ‘‘, including human trafficking and the production of child pornography’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(2) in section 214 (42 U.S.C. 13002)— (A) by redesignating subsections (b), (c), 
and (d) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respec-tively; and 
(B) by inserting after subsection (a) the 
following: 
‘‘(b) D
IRECT SERVICES FOR VICTIMS OF CHILD 
PORNOGRAPHY .—The Administrator, in co-
ordination with the Director and with the Director of the Office of Victims of Crime, may make grants to develop and implement specialized programs to identify and provide direct services to victims of child pornog-raphy.’’. 
SEC. 4. STREAMLINING FEDERAL, STATE, AND 
LOCAL HUMAN TRAFFICKING INVES-TIGATIONS. 
Section 2516 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(C)— (A) by inserting before ‘‘section 1591’’ the 
following: ‘‘section 1581 (peonage; obstruct-ing enforcement), section 1584 (sale into in-voluntary servitude), section 1589 (forced labor), section 1590 (trafficking with respect to peonage, slavery, involuntary servitude, or forced labor),’’; and 
(B) by inserting before ‘‘section 1751’’ the 
following: ‘‘section 1592 (unlawful conduct with respect to documents in furtherance of trafficking, peonage, slavery, involuntary servitude, or forced labor),’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘human 
trafficking, offenses pertaining to child por-nography, child sexual abuse, coercion and enticement of children,’’ after ‘‘kidnap-ping,’’. 
SEC. 5. ENHANCING HUMAN TRAFFICKING RE-
PORTING. 
Section 3702 of the Crime Control Act of 
1990 (42 U.S.C. 5780) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(2) in paragraph (4)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and 
a photograph taken within the previous 180 days’’ after ‘‘dental records’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(D) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); and 
(E) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) notify the National Center for Missing 
and Exploited Children of each report re-ceived relating to a child reported missing from a foster care family home or childcare institution; and’’. 
SEC. 6. REDUCING DEMAND FOR SEX TRAF-
FICKING. 
Section 1591 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘or 
maintains’’ and inserting ‘‘maintains, pa-tronizes, or solicits’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or ob-
tained’’ and inserting ‘‘obtained, patronized, or solicited’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘or maintained’’ and in-
serting ‘‘, maintained, patronized, or solic-ited’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘knew that the person’’ and 
inserting ‘‘knew, or recklessly disregarded the fact, that the person’’. 
SEC. 7. USING EXISTING TASK FORCES TO TAR-
GET OFFENDERS WHO EXPLOIT CHILDREN. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall ensure that all task forces and working groups within the Violent Crimes Against Children Program engage in activities, pro-grams, or operations to increase the inves-tigative capabilities of State and local law enforcement officers in the detection, inves-tigation, and prosecution of persons who pa-tronize, or solicit children for sex. 
SEC. 8. HOLDING SEX TRAFFICKERS ACCOUNT-
ABLE. 
Section 2423(g) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a preponder-ance of the evidence’’ and inserting ‘‘clear and convincing evidence’’. 
SEC. 9. OVERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) A UDIT REQUIREMENT .—In fiscal year 
2015, and each fiscal year thereafter, the In-spector General of the Department of Justice shall conduct audits of covered grantees to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of such funds. The Inspector General shall determine the appropriate number of covered grantees to be audited each year. 
(b) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A covered 
grantee that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible for an allo-cation of grant funds from the covered grant program from which it received a grant award during the first 2 fiscal years begin-ning after the end of the 12-month period de-scribed in subsection (g)(3). 
(c) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If a covered grantee 
is awarded funds under the covered grant program from which it received a grant award during the 2-fiscal-year period during which the covered grantee is ineligible for an allocation of grant funds as a result of sub-section (b), the Attorney General shall— 
(1) deposit an amount equal to the amount 
of the grant funds that were improperly awarded to the covered grantee into the Gen-eral Fund of the Treasury; and 
(2) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment to the Fund from the covered grantee that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
(d) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(1) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘nonprofit’’, when used with respect to an organization, means an organi-zation that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is ex-empt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. 
(2) P
ROHIBITION .—A nonprofit organization 
that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax de-scribed in section 511(a) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, shall not be eligible to re-ceive, directly or indirectly, any funds from a covered grant program. 
(3) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-
tion that is a covered grantee shall disclose 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H602 January 27, 2015 
in its application for such a grant, as a con-
dition of receipt of such a grant, the com-pensation of its officers, directors, and trust-ees. Such disclosure shall include a descrip-tion of the criteria relied upon to determine such compensation. 
(e) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
(1) L IMITATION .—No amounts made avail-
able under a covered grant program may be used to host or support a conference that uses more than $20,000 in funds made avail-able by the Department of Justice unless the Deputy Attorney General or the appropriate Assistant Attorney General, Director, or principal deputy (as designated by the Dep-uty Attorney General) provides prior written approval that the funds may be expended to host or support such conference, except that a conference that uses more than $20,000 in such funds, but less than $500 in such funds for each attendee of the conference, shall not be subject to the limitation under this para-graph. 
(2) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval 
under paragraph (1) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the con-ference, including the cost of all food, bev-erages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. 
(3) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General 
shall submit an annual report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expendi-tures approved under this subsection. 
(f) P
ROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Amounts made available 
under a covered grant program may not be used by any covered grantee to— 
(A) lobby any representative of the Depart-
ment of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or 
(B) lobby any representative of the Federal 
Government or a State, local, or tribal gov-ernment regarding the award of grant fund-ing. 
(2) P
ENALTY .—If the Attorney General de-
termines that a covered grantee has violated paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall— 
(A) require the covered grantee to repay 
the grant in full; and 
(B) prohibit the covered grantee from re-
ceiving a grant under the covered grant pro-gram from which it received a grant award during at least the 5-year period beginning on the date of such violation. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) The term ‘‘covered grant program’’ 
means the following: 
(A) The grant program under section 203 of 
the Trafficking Victims Protection Reau-thorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b). 
(B) The grant programs under section 214 
and 214A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13002, 13003). 
(2) The term ‘‘covered grantee’’ means a re-
cipient of a grant from a covered grant pro-gram. 
(3) The term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ 
means an audit report finding in a final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that a covered grant-ee has used grant funds awarded to that grantee under a covered grant program for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved during the 12-month period beginning on the date on which the final audit report is issued. 
SEC. 10. CRIME VICTIMS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3771 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(9) The right to be informed in a timely 
manner of any plea agreement or deferred prosecution agreement. ‘‘(10) The right to be informed of the rights 
under this section and the services described in section 503(c) of the Victims’ Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 10607(c)) and provided contact information for the Of-fice of the Victims’ Rights Ombudsman of the Department of Justice.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(3), in the fifth sen-
tence, by inserting ‘‘, unless the litigants, with the approval of the court, have stipu-lated to a different time period for consider-ation’’ before the period; and 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘this chapter, the term’’ 
and inserting the following: ‘‘this chapter: 
‘‘(1) C
OURT OF APPEALS .—The term ‘court of 
appeals’ means— 
‘‘(A) the United States court of appeals for 
the judicial district in which a defendant is being prosecuted; or 
‘‘(B) for a prosecution in the Superior 
Court of the District of Columbia, the Dis-trict of Columbia Court of Appeals. 
‘‘(2) C
RIME VICTIM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(B) M INORS AND CERTAIN OTHER VICTIMS .— 
In the case’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
ISTRICT COURT ; COURT .—The terms 
‘district court’ and ‘court’ include the Supe-rior Court of the District of Columbia.’’. 
(b) A
PPELLATE REVIEW OF PETITIONS RE-
LATING TO CRIME VICTIMS ’ RIGHTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 3771(d)(3) of title 
18, United States Code, as amended by sub-section (a)(2) of this section, is amended by inserting after the fifth sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘In deciding such application, the court of appeals shall apply ordinary stand-ards of appellate review.’’. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment made by 
paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any petition for a writ of mandamus filed under section 3771(d)(3) of title 18, United States Code, that is pending on the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 11. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) child human trafficking (as such term is 
defined in section 203(i) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 14044b), as added by this Act) has no place in a civilized society, and that persons who commit crimes relating to child human trafficking should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law; 
(2) the United States, as a leader in moni-
toring and combating human trafficking throughout the world, must hold all nations to the same standards to which we hold our Nation; 
(3) those who obtain, solicit, or patronize a 
victim of trafficking for the purpose of en-gaging in a commercial sex act with that person, are committing a human trafficking offense under Federal law; 
(4) the demand for commercial sex is a pri-
mary cause of the human rights violation of human trafficking, and the elimination of that human rights violation requires the elimination of that demand; 
(5) United States citizens or lawful perma-
nent residents who are victims of severe forms of trafficking are not required to ob-tain an official certification from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services in order to access any of the specialized serv-ices described in section 107 of the Traf-ficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 or any other Federal benefits and protections to which they are otherwise entitled; and 
(6) as matters stand on the date of enact-
ment of this Act, there are insufficient serv-ices and programs for victims of severe forms of human trafficking in the United States, including United States citizens and 
lawful permanent residents. 
SEC. 12. CLARIFYING THE BENEFITS AND PRO-
TECTIONS OFFERED TO DOMESTIC VICTIMS OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
Section 107(b) of the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7105(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (F), as 
subparagraph (G); 
(2) by redesignating subparagraph (G), as 
subparagraph (H); and 
(3) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) N
O REQUIREMENT OF OFFICIAL CERTIFI -
CATION FOR UNITED STATES CITIZENS AND LAW -
FUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to require United States citizens or lawful permanent resi-dents who are victims of severe forms of traf-ficking to obtain an official certification from the Secretary of Health and Human Services in order to access any of the spe-cialized services described in this subsection or any other Federal benefits and protec-tions to which they are otherwise entitled.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) and the gentlewoman 
from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON LEE) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers might have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous mate-rials to H.R. 181, currently under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Madam Speaker, as has been stated 
today, we are dealing with a very im-portant and critical issue in America. It seems, however, that the Super Bowl is coming up this weekend. 
The national media and Americans 
seem to be concerned more about the disappearance of air in footballs than they are about the disappearance of America’s greatest resource: our chil-dren—children that are being traf-ficked throughout the United States, bought and sold for sexual assault. 
It is not just an international crime; 
it is a crime here in America. Unfortu-nately, my hometown of Houston, Texas, is one of the hubs for trafficking because of its location. 
We have today several bills, bills that 
passed yesterday and bills that will come up today—and hopefully all will pass—that deal with this scourge and slavery that is taking place in Amer-ica. 
I want to thank the chairman of the 
committee, Mr. G
OODLATTE from Vir-
ginia; and also the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ; 
the ranking member, S HEILA JACKSON  
LEE; and also the former ranking mem-
ber, B OBBY SCOTT, for their work on 
these types of legislation that came up last year. Because the Senate didn’t 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H603 January 27, 2015 
act on them, these bill are being 
brought up again. 
The Justice for Victims of Traf-
ficking Act, I am glad to be the origi-nal sponsor, but I am also thankful that my friend, C
AROLYN MALONEY  
from New York, who has been working on trafficking issues long before I was ever in Congress, is the original co-sponsor on the Democrat side. 
Madam Speaker, you don’t get much 
more bipartisan than a New York lib-eral Democrat and a conservative Re-publican from Texas. We are just sepa-rated by a common language. Other than that, we get along quite well, es-pecially on this issue. 
When Brooke was 7, Madam Speaker, 
her mother was ill in the hospital. Her care was then entrusted to a nanny; but protecting her was not what the nanny had in mind. Instead of taking care of Brooke and making sure that she was healthy and safe, the nanny sold her into sex slavery. She was a trafficking victim. She was 7. 
As is common with child trafficking 
victims, Brooke was also a victim of child pornography. She was subjected to the most sadistic forms of abuse. She was 7. All she wanted to do was be safe. 
Stories like Brooke’s and other sur-
vivors’ make it clear that human traf-ficking is quite serious. It is occurring with the most vulnerable group of Americans: young children. I have four kids, three daughters. I have 11 grandkids; seven of them are grand-daughters. We all believe, I think, the greatest resource of America is our youth, and their lives and their souls are being stolen every day for money, for filthy lucre. 
This crime happens in America, and 
it happens across the seas, and it is all about money. I understand that the greatest criminal enterprise for money is drug trafficking, but close behind is the sex slave trafficking. 
Why is sex slavery such a money-
maker? Well, unlike drugs that are sold one time, children are sold numerous times. As our friend, K
RISTI NOEM, of 
South Dakota mentioned earlier, chil-dren sometimes are sold up to 50 times a day, Madam Speaker. 
Plus, the consequences for the crimi-
nals is not as great as the consequences for drug smugglers, and the risk of ap-prehension is not as great. This bill tries to deal with all three entities that are involved in sex trafficking. There is the trafficker, the slave mas-ter; there is the consumer, the child abuser; and then there is the child— they are victims of crime, and the American social conscience needs to change to understand these children are not criminals, and they are not prostitutes. They are children that are victims of slavery. We need to change that conscience, and we need to change it legally as well. 
Now, in all fairness to police, many 
times, they see a child on the street; they arrest the child for child prostitu-tion and file a juvenile crime case against that individual. Many times, 
they don’t have a place to take the child. 
We have approximately 3,000 animal 
shelters in the United States. I got one of my three Dalmatians from an ani-mal shelter. We need those animal shelters, but there are less than 300 beds for child sex trafficking victims. Why is that? There is no answer, ex-cept we need to deal with it. 
Police don’t have a place to take the 
rescued child, except they put them in the criminal justice system, which is not a good thing. It doesn’t help the child at all recover, even though every-body knows that the child is a victim. We need places to take children. We need to treat those children like vic-tims of crime. 
That is what this bill does. It helps 
rescue and restores victims of crime. On the other end, the slave master, well, it punishes them. As Chairman S
ENSENBRENNER said, life sentences are 
appropriate for some people, and that is quite appropriate, at least a min-imum sentence of life, and that is what this bill does as well. 
The bill also goes after the demand, 
the consumer. Those men—primarily— are the child molesters. They are child abusers, and for too long, society has kind of looked at that situation as, ‘‘Oh, well, boys will be boys.’’ 
Madam Speaker, those days are over. 
The days of ‘‘boys being boys’’ is over in America, and this law will go after the consumer. We need to know who they are. You talk about photographs on the Internet, their photographs ought to be on the Internet after they are convicted, but the law goes and punishes them as well. 
b1400 
It gives law enforcement, child wel-
fare, health care officials, and others who will come in contact with victims training. It also clarifies some State and Federal wiretap laws. It allows law enforcement officials the flexibility to obtain warrants in all Federal human trafficking investigations so that they are better able to follow evidence and target criminal networks, because there are networks throughout the country that are taking children and selling them every night. 
Madam Speaker, we will only be able 
to reduce the demand by putting the demand behind bars, where they be-long. Girls are not property; they are little girls. And the same is true of boys who are being trafficked in the United States as well. 
The legislation here also strengthens 
and clarifies the Trafficking Victims Protection Act by making it clear for judges, juries, prosecutors, and law en-forcement that criminals who purchase sex acts from trafficked victims should be a priority and be prosecuted. That is why we build prisons, for people like that—the demand and the traffickers. 
So I am encouraged by the tremen-
dous support in the House on these 12 bills, bipartisan bills, coming up. And I do want to commend the ladies of the 
House who have been the ones—on both sides of the aisle—advocating and mak-ing sure that this legislation comes to 
the House floor. 
Passage of Justice for Victims of 
Trafficking Act will be a major step to-ward ridding our country of modern- day slavery. Brooke and her mother have worked through Brooke’s issues after she was trafficked at 7. They are working together. She has been rescued and restored, and she is an advocate for better legislation and protection of children like she was when she was trafficked. But the message is, Madam Speaker, our children are not for sale, period. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Madam Speaker, I am glad that the 
manager, Congressman P
OE, set the 
tone again for the vigorousness of the bipartisanship around what all of us want, which is to, in essence, cut out the cancers of human trafficking and sex trafficking. 
Let me first of all congratulate Mr. 
P
OE, Judge P OE, a Texan whose lan-
guage I can fully understand, as well as his partner, Congresswoman M
ALONEY . 
Over the years, she has championed the rights of women and the empowerment of our children: what a great partner-ship, Judge P
OEand Congresswoman 
MALONEY . I am delighted to join with 
them in my commitment to fighting human trafficking and sex trafficking in supporting H.R. 181, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2014, marked up in the Judiciary Com-mittee. Many amendments were ac-cepted, and so this bill has a holistic approach. 
I am also glad that we did not run 
away from this issue in Houston, as we convened a hearing that I called for with my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, to openly and forthrightly listen to law enforcement, people who had been victimized, adults who are still suffering from what had happened to them as a child. This hearing was held in March. It was a field hearing, titled, ‘‘Combating Human Trafficking in Our Major Cities.’’ It was a fitting venue because, regrettably, Houston has been noted as a human trafficking hub in the United States. But it was the important contributions of my col-leagues, many on the floor today, who added to the record to begin to craft or to continue to work on important leg-islation such as the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. I am glad that we are here again to move it so it can ulti-mately be signed by the President of the United States. 
At that hearing, we heard testimony 
from Federal, State, and local law en-forcement officials regarding an oper-ation the day before in which they dis-covered and rescued 115 from a packed, rancid stash house in south Harris County. It was not completely vetted as to whether or not all of the individ-uals in the stash house or some of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H604 January 27, 2015 
individuals or a few were victims of 
human trafficking or sex trafficking. I would venture to say that their future would not be a future worthy of pro-moting. Ninety-nine of those victims were men, 16 were women, one of whom was pregnant, and 19 others were juve-niles. You wonder what would happen to the juveniles. 
I went to that stash house. It was a 
terrible scene. All of them had been kidnapped and smuggled into the United States. And as previously said, human trafficking, sex trafficking, is a great business for those who are of that kind of vile mind because they can use them and use them and use juveniles over and over again, some of whom, however, have been driven to such low ends of the Earth, meaning the vic-tims, that their life is ruined. Some have probably been driven to suicide. 
Trafficking of any human being, es-
pecially domestic child trafficking, has no place in civilized society. The term ‘‘slavery’’ has often been used. And it is true that slavery exists around the world. We need to ensure that State and local law enforcement agencies have the tools, resources, and training necessary to identify, apprehend, and prosecute criminals who ruthlessly traffic in children. 
These children have suffered the 
worst imaginable trauma, and as a re-sult, they require and are deserving of comprehensive and tailored services to assist in their recovery. We need to en-sure that funding is in place to provide for such comprehensive services. This bill is an essential step toward com-bating the crisis of domestic minor sex trafficking and helping survivors begin their lives anew. Throughout this afternoon, we have said that they have to have an opportunity to change their lives. 
While the rescue of trafficking vic-
tims is necessary, so is the prosecution of traffickers. While we habitually refer to those who solicit commercial sex acts from minors as ‘‘customers’’ and ‘‘johns,’’ and I have said this before on the floor, the cold, hard fact is that these people are nothing more than child rapists. We need to stop being po-lite and call them what they are—child rapists. Let us not let them hide be-hind polite names such as ‘‘john,’’ par-ticularly when they prey on our chil-dren. 
Federal courts have interpreted the 
existing statute, title 18 U.S.C. section 1591, to cover the acts of patronizing and soliciting. Therefore, the specifica-tions of the terms ‘‘patronize’’ and ‘‘so-licit’’ in this bill simply clarify and emphasize the fact that these actions are actually covered. 
Those who patronize and solicit are 
already criminally liable under the language contained in the original text of section 1591. Under this legislation, a child rapist will no longer be able to find refuge in any jurisdiction. This bill will also promote the coordination of investigations among Federal, State, and local law enforcement and enhance reporting data for missing children— 
everything that the witnesses at the March 2014 hearing told us call for this. 
Let me say that I am also grateful 
that this bill emphasizes the local, State, and Federal collaboration. As a member of the Homeland Security Committee, which is what the hearing was held under, under the auspices of the Homeland Security Committee, we recognize that is part of the threat to national security. The utilizing of our children, the victimizing of our chil-dren, the co-opting of our children, the soliciting of our children, and this bill gets right at the target. 
Human trafficking is the second fast-
est growing criminal industry in the world, generating over $32 billion annu-ally. This bill is the most comprehen-sive piece of legislation to deal with this problem over the years, and it is a great foundation to continue to build, to weed out every nuance, every person hiding behind the rock who is dealing in sex trafficking and human traf-ficking. 
For years, we have labeled child vic-
tims of sex trafficking as prostitutes and juvenile delinquents rather than the victims that they are. We have seen runaways and we have condemned them for being a runaway, but we don’t know the horrible stories and what they have experienced. They are vic-tims of criminal conduct, and we need to treat them that way—not pros-titutes, not juvenile delinquents. 
This bill recognizes and treats vic-
tims as victims, provides for more services and shelters for them, and pro-vides resources to law enforcement, child welfare, health care officials, and others who will come into contact with them. 
One of the early organizations, the 
Center for Missing and Exploited Chil-dren, which I have associated with throughout my entire time in the House of Representatives, early on raised the clarion call that we must do something about these exploited and missing children. I know that they are celebrating as we have been on the floor talking about human trafficking and sex trafficking. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased 
that the Judiciary Committee saw fit to adopt section 11 in H.R. 181, the Jackson Lee amendment, which ex-presses a sense of Congress that human trafficking has no place in a civilized society and that perpetrators of such vile acts should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, and we can build on this for finding those who may be thinking that they are squeezing outside the law. 
Mr. Speaker, as a global leader in 
combating global trafficking through-out the world, the United States must hold all nations to the same standards by which we hold ourselves. The de-mand for commercial sex is a primary cause of the human rights violation of human trafficking. Elimination of that violation requires elimination of that demand. I am glad that we are here confronting it head-on, and I ask my 
colleagues to support the underlying legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
181, the ‘‘Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015.’’ 
Madam Speaker, last year, on March 20, 
2014, the Homeland Security Committee, of which I am a member, held a field hearing ti-tled, ‘‘Combatting Human Trafficking in Our Major Cities,’’ in my home city of Houston. It was a fitting venue because, regrettably, Houston is a human trafficking hub of the United States. 
At that hearing my colleagues, Chairman 
M
CCAUL, Judge P OE, Congressman A L 
GREEN , Congressman F ARENTHOLD , and I 
heard testimony from Federal, state and local law enforcement officials regarding an oper-ation the day before during which they discov-ered and rescued 115 people from a packed, rancid stash house in south Harris County. 99 of those victims were men, 16 were women, one of whom was pregnant, and 19 were juve-niles. All of them had been kidnapped and smuggled into the United States. 
Trafficking of any human being, especially 
domestic child trafficking, has no place in civ-ilized society. We need to ensure that state and local law enforcement agencies have the tools, resources, and training necessary to identify, apprehend, and prosecute criminals who ruthlessly traffic in children. 
These children have suffered the worst 
imaginable trauma, and as a result, they re-quire and are deserving of comprehensive and tailored services to assist in their recovery. We need to ensure that funding is in place to pro-vide for such comprehensive services. This bill is an essential step toward combatting the cri-sis of domestic minor sex trafficking and help-ing survivors begin their lives anew. 
While the rescue of trafficking victims is 
necessary, so is the prosecution of traffickers. And while we habitually refer to those who so-licit commercial sex acts from minors as ‘‘cus-tomers’’ and ‘‘johns,’’ the cold, hard fact is that these people are nothing more than ‘‘child rap-ists.’’ We need to stop being polite and call them what they are—‘‘child rapists’’! 
Federal courts have interpreted the existing 
statute, Title 18 United States Code, section 1591, to cover the acts of patronizing and so-liciting. Therefore, the specifications of the terms ‘‘patronizing’’ and ‘‘solicit’’ in this bill simply clarify and emphasize the fact that these actions are actually covered. 
Those who patronize and solicit are already 
criminally liable under the language contained 
in the original section 1591. Under this legisla-tion, child rapists will find no refuge in any ju-risdiction. This bill will also promote the coordi-nation of investigations among federal, state and local law enforcement and enhance re-porting data for missing children—everything that the witnesses at the March 2014 Houston field hearing called for. 
Human Trafficking is the second fastest 
growing criminal industry in the world, gener-ating over $32 billion annually. This bill is the most comprehensive piece of legislation to deal with that problem in years. 
For years we have labeled child victims of 
sex trafficking as prostitutes and juvenile delinquents rather than as the victims they are. They are victims of criminal conduct, and we need to treat them that way. This bill rec-ognizes that and treats victims as victims, pro-vides for more services and shelters for them, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H605 January 27, 2015 
and provides resources to law enforcement, 
child welfare, healthcare officials and others who will come into contact with these victims. 
Finally, Madam Speaker, I am very pleased 
that the Judiciary Committee saw fit to adopt as Section 11 of H.R. 181 the Jackson Lee Amendment which expresses the Sense of Congress that human trafficking has no place in a civilized society and that perpetrators of such vile acts should be prosecuted to the full-est extent of the law. 
Madam Speaker, as the global leader in 
combatting human trafficking throughout the world, the United States must hold all nations to the same standards to which we hold our-selves. The demand for commercial sex is a primary cause of the human right violation of human trafficking. Elimination of that violation requires the elimination of that demand. 
I received yet more tragic illustration of the 
global horrors of human trafficking as recently as last evening during a meeting with the Prime Minister of Jamaica. Last year Jamaica improved its position in the U.S. State Depart-ment’s Annual Trafficking in Persons (‘‘TIP’’) Report after it passed amendments to its Traf-ficking in Persons Act. Those amendments stipulated harsher penalties for offenders with penalties of up to 30 years. 
Despite this new legislation, Jamaican chil-
dren subjected to sex trafficking in the coun-try’s sex trade remains a serious problem with reports of sex trafficking of children and adults occurring on streets and in night clubs, bars, and private homes. The Jamaican government realizes that it must move more vigorously to not only prosecute, convict and punish traf-ficking offenders, but to also identify, and as-sist more victims. 
Madam Speaker, while it is entirely proper 
for the United States to hold all nations to the same standard to which we hold ourselves, it is also entirely proper for the United States to lend assistance to those nations that may lack the resources needed to effectively combat Human Trafficking. I hope that we will give consideration to providing such assistance in future anti-human trafficking legislation. 
Finally, Madam Speaker, I must also thank 
Representative P
OEand his staff as well as 
Committee staff on both sides of the aisle for working together to address a point raised by an amendment that Rep. P
OEoffered and 
withdrew during the bill’s markup. The changes that were made to the bill as a result of that collaborative work yielded some real improvements to the bill. 
For these reasons I support H.R. 181 and 
encourage my colleagues to do likewise. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, who has made it a priority to stop, to com-bat the scourge of human trafficking by bringing numerous bills before the Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
first want to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for his long dedi-
cation to addressing this very serious problem and for yielding me this time. 
Few nightmares equal the terrible re-
ality that thousands of American chil-dren awake to each day. Held against their will, before the day is out, they will be forced to share perhaps a dozen strangers’ beds and be subjected to ar-
bitrary violence for any real or imag-ined infraction. 
Child sex trafficking is one of the 
fastest growing criminal enterprises in our country, and we must update our laws to combat it. H.R. 181, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, is a targeted effort to deploy our law enforcement and social resources against the worst offenders: those who sexually exploit children and other vul-nerable victims. 
Rather than simply increasing pen-
alties, the Justice for Victims of Traf-ficking Act directly aids the survivors of this crime. The bill creates a com-prehensive, victim-centered grant pro-gram to train law enforcement, rescue exploited children, prosecute traf-fickers, and restore the lives of vic-tims. The bill also streamlines existing law enforcement tools by providing that child advocacy centers can and should use their resources to help vic-tims of trafficking and other types of child exploitation. 
H.R. 181 clarifies that State prosecu-
tors may obtain wiretaps, pursuant to a showing of probable cause, for traf-ficking and other child sex crimes. Ad-ditionally, the bill adds several of the Federal antislavery statutes as Federal wiretap predicates—something that should have been done a long time ago. 
These important tools simply give 
police the same investigatory tools they would have if these criminal gangs sold drugs or stolen property in-stead of sex with children and other victims. 
The bill makes the law clear that the 
men who purchase these children’s in-nocence will be held to the same stand-ard as those who make it available for sale, and hold sex traffickers account-able by increasing the standard for claiming an affirmative defense by re-quiring defendants to show by clear and convincing evidence that they be-lieved the victim to be 18 years of age or older. 
We in Congress have no higher duty 
than to protect the innocent children of this Nation. The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, introduced by my friend and colleague Judge P
OE, is a 
critical step toward banishing human trafficking to where it belongs—the realm of nightmares. 
Please join me in supporting this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. 
MALONEY ), who, as I indicated, has 
worked unceasingly on empowering the most vulnerable, particularly in her work on empowering women, vulner-able women around the world, pro-viding them rights, and, of course, the work she has done in collaboration with Congressman P
OEand our com-
mittee in her work on this bill. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague for her leadership and for yielding to me. 
I want to commend the Republican 
and Democratic leadership for bringing to the floor a large number of bipar-
tisan bills to address the problem of human trafficking. I particularly want to thank Judge P
OEfor his enlightened 
leadership. He has brought an in-formed, intelligent, effective focus on this crime, and he has brought new mo-mentum that is helping this country address this issue. 
b1415 
I thank the bipartisan Women’s Cau-
cus that has made this goal, this com-mon goal of attacking the exploitation of children as a joint priority for our caucus and for this Congress. 
It is an important way to mark 
Human Trafficking Awareness Week, and this modern-day form of slavery happens all across the world. We don’t like to admit it, but it is happening right here in America. It is happening in our small cities, our big cities, every State, every race, creed, and color. 
There are no reliable estimates, but 
by some accounts, there are as many as 2 million minors trafficked within the U.S. alone. When they have missing children reports, many of the parents believe their children have been stolen into sex trafficking. Most of these child victims who are sex-trafficked are United States citizens or are here legally in the United States. 
Human trafficking, as my colleague 
pointed out, is the fastest growing crime and the third largest criminal activity in the world, but unlike drugs and guns that are sold only once, human lives can be sold repeatedly over and over and over again until their lives are shattered and destroyed. It destroys lives and comes with a huge social and economic cost. 
We can all agree that no child should 
be for sale in America—not now, not ever. Our children should not be for sale, but they are for sale under the guise of human traffickers and pimps. 
I am very pleased to work shoulder 
to shoulder with Congressman P
OEon 
the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. As a former judge and a former prosecutor, he knows firsthand how damaging this crime is to the lives of our young people—and it involves young boys, too—and how difficult it is to get a conviction. His knowledge in this area is tremendously appreciated, and his knowledge is in this bill. I thank him for having been the key au-thor on it and for his passion and hard work on it. 
This bill directly and specifically 
supports law enforcement training and prosecution of sex trafficking crimes, and it creates a domestic trafficking victims fund within the Treasury De-partment to support critically needed services for victims. 
We know there are not enough beds; 
there is no treatment. Many trafficked women tell me they get saved, but then they are put in a park with no place to go, and the traffickers come up and try to get them back into it. 
It goes after those who are trying to 
exploit children and vulnerable women, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H606 January 27, 2015 
those who would profit off the misery 
of others by going after their wallets. It targets the demand side: the child abusers, the child molesters. 
Our victims fund will be financed 
through fines levied on those convicted of child pornography, human traf-ficking, child prostitution, sexual ex-ploitation, and human smuggling of-fenses. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
UIZENGA of Michigan). The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlelady. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. The bill also makes it clear that it is not the victim who is sold and ex-ploited who is the criminal. The crimi-nal is the john, the child abuser who solicits a minor or a trafficker who puts a woman or man out on the street to be bought and sold. 
Human trafficking is harmful not 
only to the victims, but to society at large. Last May, this House passed this bill in total agreement, and I urge the Senate to follow it and pass it also. It is time to help the survivors get the re-sources they need to rebuild their lives and to punish the evildoers who pur-chase and sell these innocent children. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). 
Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank Judge P OEfor his great leader-
ship in this very important area. It is so encouraging to see the bipartisan commitment. Thank you, Congress-woman L
EEand Congresswoman M ALO-
NEY, for your strong support. 
When I came to Congress, it was my 
perception that human trafficking was a concern found in other parts of the world, certainly not in North Carolina. After talking to our law enforcement, I found out that North Carolina was within the top 10 States for human trafficking. 
As such, I realized that we needed to 
take care of our own in our own region and hosted a meeting for public offi-cials, church leaders at the Billy Gra-ham Center. We brought in wonderful organizations, Compassion to Act, Jus-tice & Mercy, Neet’s Sweets, and oth-ers who have been there on behalf of these women. 
There are so many important ways 
that we can provide safety, security, a safe haven for these precious young girls that have been brought into slav-ery. 
Human trafficking is one of the most 
tragic issues plaguing our world today. Nearly 21 million human beings are liv-ing in modern-day slavery, including domestic servitude, forced labor, and sex work. As a nation, we have both a moral and a constitutional obligation to protect the most vulnerable in our society from this horrific exploitation. 
I therefore urge all my colleagues 
today to join in supporting the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 presented by Congressman P
OE. We need to ensure that we can provide to 
these young, domestic human traf-ficking victims the support that they need. 
This week, yes, we in the House will 
devote ourselves to raising awareness of this heinous crime and passing legis-lation to take significant steps toward the eradication of trafficking, both do-mestically and abroad. 
However, even as Human Trafficking 
Awareness Month draws to a close, our dedication must not waver. I thank the chairman for his leadership, and I thank my colleagues for their support. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
will close. I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
The previous speaker indicated that 
we are in the national month acknowl-edging and recognizing the gravity of human trafficking, and I believe that it calls upon us to stand by the most vul-nerable who really can’t help them-selves. 
My last comment before yielding was 
the demand for commercial sex is a pri-mary cause of the human rights viola-tion of human trafficking, so elimi-nating that violation requires the elimination of the demand. 
What I might not have added, which 
a number of Members have said, is the violence that goes along with sex traf-ficking and human trafficking, the vio-lence that goes along when some enti-ty—a person called a pimp, which is an old-time term, really becomes an abuser, a violent abuser and abuses the frail, small body of a little girl or boy because they really haven’t risen to the occasion, provided them with their daily infusion of dollars to continue to do their dastardly work. 
As I have heard mentioned on this 
floor, we are not alone here in the United States. For those of us who met the victims of sex trafficking and human trafficking around the world, we understand that America’s stand-ards will help others. 
What is good about what we are 
doing today and the underlying bill is that we set a standard that the world can look at, that we are not going to tolerate or be sufferers of the abuse of little children. 
Yesterday, as I listened to a great 
success story spoken about by the Prime Minister of Jamaica, relating their economic success, she was willing to talk about Jamaica’s concerted ef-fort at fighting human trafficking. 
An island where it might be easy for 
that trafficker to move from one place to the next, here was a leader of gov-ernment acknowledging the scourge of human trafficking and that Jamaican children were suffering and subjected to sex trafficking and that it remains a serious problem, but we are going to fight it. 
I felt very good about that because 
you would think that an island that is very much dependent on tourism and entertainment would not have that calling and that cause; but, yes, the fight is spreading. I believe the Jamaican Government 
should be congratulated, and I ask other governments to take heed of the underlying legislation, rise to the standard, be part of the total elimi-nation of cutting into the lives of chil-dren, of little boys, of little girls, of cutting them off from any kind of aspi-rations and hope that they could ever have. 
Maybe we don’t necessarily connect 
it, but we know the story of the three women that were held for a period of time in our own Nation. Some started out as children. When they were ulti-mately found, they were women. One cannot help note that the violence that they described was a vile sex traf-ficking, human trafficking episode. We don’t know how many around the Na-tion that are today, as we stand on the floor of the House, suffering. 
I thank Representative P
OE. I thank 
my colleague Representative M ALONEY  
and committee staff on both sides of the aisle to help address this issue, and as well, I am glad that this particular legislation will set a standard that this dastardly series of acts will not be suf-fered by any human being not only in this Nation, but around the world. 
With that, I ask support for H.R. 181 
and yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. POE of Texas. May I inquire of 
the Chair as to how much time is left on this side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). The gen-
tleman has 51⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. POE of Texas. I yield myself the 
balance of the time. 
Mr. Speaker, there were a lot of dif-
ferent entities involved in bringing this and other pieces of legislation to the House floor. 
There are numerous organizations 
throughout the United States, small and large, that are determined to stop human trafficking, and I want to thank all of them for their input into this cause and this legislation. I call them the victims’ posse. They have rounded up and made sure that we are going to deal with this important issue. 
I also want to thank the Members of 
the House who are cosponsors of this bill, especially C
AROLYN MALONEY , my 
friend from New York, and her tena-cious work on this and other pieces of legislation. 
I also thank the Members of the 
House because many times, when they go back home on this specific issue, as mentioned by my friend Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEEfrom Texas, they are holding pub-
lic forums and hearings about this crime of human trafficking. In fact, there is another one in my district this weekend in Houston. 
I want to commend the Members for 
bringing public awareness to this hor-rible situation; but not all is gloom, doom, and despair, Mr. Speaker, be-cause of this legislation and other pieces of legislation, but more impor-tantly, the moral will of the House and I think of America is to get a grip on this slavery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H607 January 27, 2015 
When a crime like this is committed 
against a person, especially a child, we call it sexual assault, but it is really rape. It is rape, Mr. Speaker, of chil-dren. A rapist commits that crime to try to destroy that person, destroy their identity, destroy their self-worth, to steal their soul. That is what rapists do. 
That is why we are going to solve 
this case or solve these cases as best we can, by preventing them from occur-ring, by going after those rapists, going after the trafficker, and rescuing the most precious thing we have in our country, which is our children. We are not going to allow the situation where America’s children are bartered and sold on the marketplace for sexual as-sault. Those days are going to be over. 
I appreciate all those who have 
brought this bill to the floor, both sides, and I ask that the House of Rep-resentatives vote unanimously on this legislation. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
b1430 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is will the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 181, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING DETECTION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 460) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to train Depart-ment of Homeland Security personnel how to effectively deter, detect, dis-rupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 460 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Human Traf-
ficking Detection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(2) H
UMAN TRAFFICKING .—The term ‘‘human 
trafficking’’ means an act or practice de-scribed in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 3. TRAINING FOR DEPARTMENT PERSONNEL 
TO IDENTIFY HUMAN TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement a program to— (1) train and periodically retrain relevant 
Transportation Security Administration, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and other Department personnel that the Sec-retary considers appropriate, how to effec-tively deter, detect, and disrupt human traf-ficking, and, where appropriate, interdict a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking, during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities; and 
(2) ensure that the personnel referred to in 
paragraph (1) regularly receive current infor-mation on matters related to the detection of human trafficking, including information that becomes available outside of the De-partment’s initial or periodic retraining schedule, to the extent relevant to their offi-cial duties and consistent with applicable in-formation and privacy laws. 
(b) T
RAINING DESCRIBED .—The training re-
ferred to in subsection (a) may be conducted through in-class or virtual learning capabili-ties, and shall include— 
(1) methods for identifying suspected vic-
tims of human trafficking and, where appro-priate, perpetrators of human trafficking; 
(2) for appropriate personnel, methods to 
approach a suspected victim of human traf-ficking, where appropriate, in a manner that is sensitive to the suspected victim and is not likely to alert a suspected perpetrator of human trafficking; 
(3) training that is most appropriate for a 
particular location or environment in which the personnel receiving such training per-form their official duties; 
(4) other topics determined by the Sec-
retary to be appropriate; and 
(5) a post-training evaluation for personnel 
receiving the training. 
(c) T
RAINING CURRICULUM REVIEW .—The 
Secretary shall annually reassess the train-ing program established under subsection (a) to ensure it is consistent with current tech-niques, patterns, and trends associated with human trafficking. 
SEC. 4. CERTIFICATION AND REPORT TO CON-
GRESS. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall certify to the appro-priate congressional committees that all personnel referred to in section 3(a) have successfully completed the training required under that section. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary shall report to the appropriate con-gressional committees the overall effective-ness of the program required by this Act, the number of cases reported by Department per-sonnel in which human trafficking was sus-pected and, of those cases, the number of cases that were confirmed cases of such traf-ficking. 
SEC. 5. ASSISTANCE TO NON-FEDERAL ENTITIES. 
The Secretary may provide training cur-
ricula to any State, local, or tribal govern-ment or private organization to assist such entity in establishing its program of training to identify human trafficking, upon request from such entity. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) and the 
gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Speaker recognizes the gen-
tleman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 460, 
the bill now under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 460, the Human Trafficking De-tection Act of 2015, the first bill I have introduced as a Member of Congress. 
A few weeks ago, we took an oath 
promising to protect the people of this great country. I am convinced that part of this high calling is protecting those who are victims of human traf-ficking. 
North Carolina is often ranked as a 
top State for labor and sex trafficking. This insidious industry is in our own backyard and, unfortunately, it is growing. Just last week, in my own district, local officials announced the formation of the Alamance County Anti-Human Trafficking Advocacy Council to respond to the growing human trafficking problem throughout Alamance County. However, they can-not do it alone, and we must come to-gether to stop this unconscionable in-dustry. 
As a member of the House Committee 
on Homeland Security, I feel strongly that the men and the women of the De-partment of Homeland Security have a crucial role in preventing human traf-ficking. Up to an estimated 17,500 peo-ple are trafficked each year into the United States, and many of these vic-tims will pass by either Border Patrol or TSA. We must make certain that these agents are properly trained in the current trends and practices to end human trafficking. 
This bipartisan legislation requires 
the Department of Homeland Security to train Transportation Security Ad-ministration, Customs and Border Pro-tection, and other relevant DHS per-sonnel to counter human trafficking in a manner specific to their professional roles and responsibilities. 
The bill also ensures that such train-
ing will be assessed by the Secretary of Homeland Security on an annual basis so that it is based on the most current human trafficking trends and intel-ligence and directs the Secretary to re-port to Congress on the number of sus-pected cases reported by the DHS offi-cials. 
Lastly, this legislation recognizes 
the critical role that State and local authorities play in preventing human trafficking by authorizing the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to make training curricula available to State, local, tribal, and private sector part-ners. 
According to the Department of 
Homeland Security, human trafficking is one of the most profitable forms of transnational crime in the world, sec-ond only to drug trafficking. It is in-cumbent upon Congress to take action 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H608 January 27, 2015 
and ensure that DHS personnel are bet-
ter equipped to prevent this serious threat and this modern-day form of slavery. 
The Human Trafficking Detection 
Act of 2015 builds on the good work al-ready under way at DHS by mandating position-specific, relevant training to enable effective trafficking counter-measures at points of entry, transit hubs, and other high-risk locations across the country. 
I would like to thank Congressman 
M
EADOWS for developing and cham-
pioning this legislation in the 113th Congress and for working with me to reintroduce the measure in this Con-gress. 
Additionally, I would like to thank 
the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security, Mr. M
CCAUL, for 
his work on this important issue and for his support of this bill, as well as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, Mr. K
ATKO , 
for cosponsoring this legislation. 
Finally, I would like to thank each of 
the bill’s cosponsors, including North Carolina’s own A
LMA ADAMS , ROBERT  
PITTENGER , RICHARD HUDSON , PATRICK  
MCHENRY , and the aforementioned 
MARKMEADOWS for their great support 
of this important legislation. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I indicated this after-
noon was an important afternoon. I thank the gentleman for his legislation and his leadership, and I add my appre-ciation of the ranking member of the Homeland Security Committee, Mr. T
HOMPSON , and, as well, the ranking 
member of the Judiciary Committee, who previously did four bills, Mr. C
ON-
YERS . It seems that we are having bi-
partisan support on a very important crisis in our Nation and around the world. 
In 2014, President Obama said: 
At home, we are leading by example. My 
administration is cracking down on traf-fickers, charging a record number of per-petrators. We are deploying new technology in the fight against human trafficking, de-veloping the Federal Government’s first-ever strategic action plan to strengthen victim services and strengthening protections against human trafficking in Federal con-tracts. During the past year, the White House has hosted events on combating human trafficking, bringing together leaders from every sector of society. Together, we came up with new ideas to fight trafficking at the national and grassroots levels. 
The present legislation before us, as I 
rise to strongly support it, H.R. 460, is the Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015. This is a great partnership be-tween Homeland Security, the com-mittee which I am a senior member on, and Judiciary to fight against human trafficking. In particular, this bill has a very important purpose because our Homeland Security personnel are in our airports and ports, they are along our borders, they are the eyes and ears, 
they are the first responders. It is cru-cial that this bill is effectively working with personnel to train, to deter, de-tect, disrupt, and prevent human traf-ficking during the course of their pri-mary roles and responsibilities and for other work. 
This is a very good idea. Human traf-
ficking is not only a crime but also a horrible violation of human rights. Human trafficking is often a hidden crime. Victims of human trafficking may be afraid to come forward and get help because they may be forced or co-erced. They may fear retribution or they might not have control over their documents. 
According to the most recent esti-
mate from the Department of State, approximately 600,000 to 800,000 people are trafficked across global borders each year. 
According to the U.S. Department of 
Justice, Houston, Texas, is one of the Nation’s largest hubs in human traf-ficking. There are over 200 active brothels in Houston and more strip clubs and illicit spas than Las Vegas. These businesses serve as fronts for sex trafficking. 
Let me be very clear. This is not a 
condemnation of my city. This is a rec-ognition that every single elected per-son; local, county, and State govern-ment; and our law enforcement are working every day and we are being successful, in essence, in shutting down strip clubs, illicit spas, and others. 
The main factors that contribute to 
high levels of trafficking throughout the Nation and in Texas are proximity, demographics, and a large migrant labor population. Houston’s proximity to the Mexican border, I–10, a highway running cross-country through Hous-ton, and the port make it a popular point. But that is not solely the site of human trafficking. As my colleague has mentioned, it is everywhere. It is a national problem. Therefore, our Homeland Security personnel, thank goodness, will now have the oppor-tunity to have special training so that in the capacity of their work, their eyes and ears will be extra trained to detect those trying to move past the law. 
Houston’s huge geographic size and 
large ethnic and culturally diverse pop-ulation is seen in and around the Na-tion, which creates optimal conditions. It is not the only city with that. 
To combat human trafficking, the 
Department of Homeland Security, rec-ognizing there needs to be a national campaign, launched the Blue Campaign in 2010. Through the Blue Campaign, DHS works in collaboration with law enforcement, government, nongovern-ment, and private organizations to pro-tect the basic right of freedom and to bring those who exploit human lives to justice. 
This legislation will begin to institu-
tionalize the training. Last year, this training—the Blue training—was cred-ited when two men were arrested at Miami International Airport. TSA per-
sonnel who had received training to de-tect trafficking observed the inter-action between the young men and young woman and noticed the signs. 
What we want to do today, again, is 
to institutionalize and codify this ef-fort so that no human trafficker, no child being held by an adult but being trafficked can escape the eye of our trained Homeland Security personnel, and they can break that hand away from that adult that is trying to do that child harm because they will know that is not the friendly parent or wonderful grandparent or best aunt or uncle. They will know it is a dastardly act. 
I support the underlying bill, ask my 
colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Speaker, Human trafficking is not only a 
crime, but also a horrible violation of human rights. 
Human trafficking is often a hidden crime. 
Victims of human trafficking may be afraid 
to come forward and get help because they may be forced or coerced, they may fear ret-ribution, or they might not have control over their documents. 
According to the most recent estimate from 
the Department of State, approximately 600,000 to 800,000 people are trafficked across global borders each year. 
According to the U.S. Department of Jus-
tice, Houston, Texas is one of the nation’s largest hubs for human trafficking. 
There are over 200 active brothels in Hous-
ton and more strip clubs and illicit spas than Las Vegas; these businesses serve as fronts for sex trafficking. 
The main factors that contribute to high lev-
els of trafficking through Houston and the rest of Texas are proximity, demographics, and a large migrant labor force. 
Houston’s proximity to the Mexican border, 
I–10, a highway running across country through Houston, and the port of Houston make it a popular point of entry for inter-national trafficking. 
Additionally, the presence of two large air-
ports provides ways in and out of the city. 
Houston’s huge geographic size and large 
ethnic and culturally diverse population create optimal conditions for trafficking because of the ability to blend in with the community. 
To combat human trafficking, the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security launched the ‘‘Blue Campaign’’ in 2010. 
Through the ‘‘Blue Campaign,’’ DHS works 
in collaboration with law enforcement, govern-ment, non-government and private organiza-tions to protect the basic right of freedom and to bring those who exploit human lives to jus-tice. 
In part, DHS does so by increasing aware-
ness and training for its front line employees such as Transportation Security Officers, Cus-toms and Border Protection Officers, and oth-ers. 
Last year, this training was credited when 
two men were arrested at Miami International Airport. 
TSA personnel, who received training to de-
tect trafficking, observed the interaction be-tween the men and a young woman and no-ticed the signs. 
The bill before us today seeks to codify in 
law the training of DHS personnel on how to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H609 January 27, 2015 
deter, detect, and disrupt human trafficking 
and, where appropriate, interdict a suspected trafficker during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities. 
For CBP, this means Officers at our ports of 
entry will be trained on how to identify poten-tial victims of trafficking. 
For TSA, it means that screening personnel, 
who screen approximately 1.8 million pas-sengers a day, will be knowledgeable about signs of trafficking. 
Importantly, the bill requires that the training 
received be appropriate for a particular loca-tion or environment in which the personnel re-ceiving the training perform their official duties. 
This will help tailor the training received so 
that it is relevant to the specific personnel re-ceiving the training. 
Mr. Speaker, with this bill, we have the op-
portunity to call attention to the human rights crisis that is human trafficking. 
January is ‘‘National Slavery and Human 
Trafficking Prevention Month.’’ 
To ensure that continued attention be paid 
to this often hidden crime, I urge passage of H.R. 460. 
Though the bill before us today will not 
eliminate human trafficking, it may help pre-vent it by ensuring that DHS’ frontline work-force is properly trained to fight it. 
PRESIDENT ’SINTERAGENCY TASKFORCE  
PROGRESS IN COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PER -
SONS: THE U .S. GOVERNMENT RESPONSE TO  
MODERN SLAVERY  
Trafficking in persons, or human traf-
ficking, is the act of recruiting, enticing, harboring, transporting, providing, obtain-ing, or maintaining a person for compelled labor or commercial sex acts through the use of force, fraud, or coercion. Sex trafficking of a minor under the age of 18 does not re-quire the use of force, threats of force, fraud, or coercion. The Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act (TVPA) of 2000 (Pub. L. 106–386), as amended, describes this compelled service using a number of different terms, including involuntary servitude, slavery, debt bondage, and forced labor. 
Human trafficking can include, but does 
not require, movement. Under the TVPA, people may be considered trafficking victims regardless of whether they were transported to the exploitative situation, previously con-sented to work for a trafficker, or partici-pated in a crime as a direct result of being trafficked. At the heart of this phenomenon are the traffickers’ aim to exploit and en-slave their victims and the myriad of coer-cive and deceptive practices they use. 
Human trafficking is an opportunistic 
crime. Traffickers target all types of people: adults and children, women, men, and transgender individuals, citizens and nonciti-zens alike. No socioeconomic group is im-mune; new immigrants, Native Americans, runaways, the homeless, and lesbian, gay, bi-sexual, and transgender youth are particu-larly vulnerable. One of the most common assumptions about ‘‘average’’ trafficking victims is that they are vulnerable simply because they come from the poorest, most isolated communities, whether overseas or in the United States. Indeed, many do. Yet some victims, from a variety of backgrounds, have reported that their suffering began with their aspirations for a better life and a lack of options to fulfill them. 
That’s where the traffickers come in. Ex-
ploiting these realities, traffickers appear to offer a solution—a good job, a brighter fu-ture, a safe home, or a sense of belonging, even love. They prey on their victims’ hope and exploit their trust and confidence, coerc-ing them into using themselves as collateral 
for that chance. 
In the United States, the President’s Inter-
agency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons (PITF) and its oper-ational arm, the Senior Policy Operating Group (SPOG), bring together federal depart-ments and agencies to ensure a whole-of-gov-ernment approach that addresses all aspects of human trafficking—enforcement of crimi-nal and labor law, development of victim identification and protection measures, sup-port for innovations in data gathering and research, education and public awareness, enhanced partnerships and research opportu-nities, and strategically linked foreign as-sistance and diplomatic engagement. The agencies of the PITF are the Departments of State (DOS), Defense (DOD), Justice (DOJ), the Interior (DOI), Agriculture (USDA), Labor (DOL), Health and Human Services (HHS), Transportation (DOT), Education (ED), and Homeland Security (DHS), as well as the Domestic Policy Council (DPC), the National Security Council (NSC), the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the U.S. Agency for International De-velopment (USAID), and the U.S. Equal Em-
ployment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). As part of the PITF, these agencies convene routinely to coordinate both federal policies to combat trafficking in persons and imple-mentation of the TVPA. 
Agencies of the PITF have brought to-
gether leaders from government, the private sector, advocates and survivors, faith lead-ers, law enforcement and academia, and have made significant progress following Presi-dent Obama’s March 2012 call to strengthen federal efforts to combat human trafficking, his September 2012 speech announcing a number of new and strengthened initiatives, and the first-ever White House Forum to Combat Human Trafficking in April 2013, where the first recipients of the Presidential Award for Extraordinary Efforts to Combat Trafficking in Persons—survivor advocate Florrie Burke and hospitality and travel company Carlson—were honored. 
The pages that follow reflect the work 
these agencies have accomplished over the past year, as well as their commitment to continue their efforts in the year to come. From strengthening the SPOG and its four Committees to implementing the nation’s first-ever Services for Trafficking Victims in the United States, to implementing an Exec-utive Order that strengthens protections against human trafficking in government contracting, PITF agencies are enabling law enforcement and service providers to deploy resources more effectively and raising public awareness both at home and abroad. 
Federal agencies also worked to expand 
partnerships with civil society and the pri-vate sector in order to bring more resources to bear in fighting this horrific injustice. Al-though the primary responsibility, for fight-ing this crime and protecting its survivors lies with governments, governments alone cannot solve this problem. Everyone has a role—from local law enforcement and first responders to the heads of major corpora-tions and everyday citizens. Effective anti- trafficking strategies require partnerships that integrate the experiences and guidance of survivors and reach industries, local com-munities, schools, religious congregations, and multilateral partners. The U.S. govern-ment, for example, funds the National Human Trafficking Resource Center (NHTRC), a national hotline (1–888–373–7888) operated by a nongovernmental organization that provides emergency assistance every day of the year, as well as anti-trafficking task forces in which law enforcement and victim service providers combine efforts to 
respond to this crime in their communities. Significant partnerships and support for non- governmental efforts have also taken root, including the Partnership for Freedom, where Humanity United and DOJ, HHS, and the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment (HUD) launched the first of three challenge award contests, Reimagine: Oppor-tunity, to develop innovative solutions to address human trafficking; twelve finalists will compete to expand access to housing, so-cial services, and economic empowerment for trafficking victims. In addition, DOS has teamed up with Verite ´, an NGO leader in 
supply chain management, to implement a project in consultation with federal agencies and other stakeholders to help gather data on the risks of trafficking in the production of goods and provision of services. Working with partners the Aspen Institute and Made in a Free World, Verite ´will also convene 
stakeholders and develop a tool for federal contractors and businesses to analyze supply chain risks and adopt ethical sourcing guide-lines and compliance plans that align with Executive Order 13627. Finally, partnering with survivors of human trafficking, federal anti-trafficking experts from DOJ, with part-ners from DHS, DOS, HHS, and the White House, hosted a day-long Survivor Forum and Listening Session to gain insight from a diverse group of survivors in developing more effective programs and strategies. 
The Task Force has drawn strength and di-
rection from these partnerships, which have brought procurement officers and CEOs, pro-fessors and human resources professional to-gether with law enforcement and victim ad-vocates in the service of freedom. Such effec-tive collaboration has led to concrete results in the United States’ efforts to advance gov-ernment priorities and combat modern slav-ery both domestically and globally. This compilation of the Obama Administration’s accomplishments represents merely a snap-shot, as of February 2014, of the work made possible by the multifaceted approach the United States has adopted to combat traf-ficking in persons. Each day, the Obama Ad-ministration strives to improve its strategy and to enhance its partnerships in order to fulfill not only the mandates of the TVPA, but also the promise of the Emancipation Proclamation and the Thirteenth Amend-ment to the U.S. Constitution. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Indi-ana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ). 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today in strong support of the Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015, and I commend my colleague from North Carolina and the gentlewoman from Texas for their advocacy on this really important issue. 
Many of my colleagues that I have 
heard speak today said they learned about this when they came to Con-gress. I learned about this devastating modern-day slavery when I was a United States attorney in the Southern District of Indiana between 2001 and 2007. We started one of the first task forces in the country, and there are task forces across the country that have been focused on human traf-ficking now for quite some time, but we must do more because even now an estimated 17,500 people are trafficked throughout the U.S. each year. Sadly, this problem disproportionately affects 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H610 January 27, 2015 
young girls between the ages of 12 and 
14 who are lured by these crime net-works. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I 
learned during that time with that task force and with my time in the U.S. Attorney’s Office these are very difficult crimes to prosecute. The rea-son they are so difficult to prosecute is because they are difficult to detect, it is difficult to lure victims out of these crime networks, and so we have to do more. We have to educate our law en-forcement, we have to educate those who are standing at our ports of entry, those who are standing at our airports and our mass transit areas, and teach them about the warning signs, what they need to be looking for, so we can stop trafficking at the source, pros-ecute those who are responsible, and save the victims. 
That is why I support this bill, which 
requires the Department of Homeland Security to implement comprehensive training programs on deterring, detect-ing, and disrupting this human traf-ficking. Our law enforcement personnel are standing on the front lines. They have to be equipped with the best-prac-tice methods for identifying the vic-tims and the perpetrators so they can bring these perpetrators to justice. 
Criminals change their methods all 
the time, and I am pleased that this bill also requires an annual reassess-ment of training programs. They have to continue to train. It is time for Con-gress to act decisively to eradicate human trafficking. We need to do more. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
In closing, let me emphasize what I 
just said earlier. Two people were caught at Miami International Airport. They were caught by officers of TSA who had received training to detect trafficking and observed the inter-action between the two men and a young woman. It was the exact descrip-tion that I gave—holding a little girl’s hand, holding a teenager’s hand, look-ing innocent—but our DHS personnel could be the savers of the day. 
b1445 
Just a few years ago, in our own air-
port, a number of Chinese nationals— young women—were brought in, ulti-mately, to be held against their will. It was astute personnel who knew that even though girls traveled together that something was wrong. 
That is why this legislation is so im-
portant. The bill before us today seeks to codify in law the training of DHS personnel on how to deter, detect, and disrupt human trafficking and, where appropriate, to interdict a suspected trafficker during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities. Our front liners from the Department of Homeland Security are everywhere. There is not a place you can travel when entering this country—through 
our airports or through our ports—that our agents in some capacity, in some roles, are not there. 
For the CBP, this means officers at 
our ports of entry will be trained on how to identify potential victims of trafficking—smuggling, human slav-ery. For the TSA, it means that screen-ing personnel, who screen approxi-mately 1.8 million passengers a day, will be knowledgeable about signs of trafficking. Importantly, the bill re-quires that the training received be ap-propriate for a particular location or environment in which the personnel re-ceiving the training perform their offi-cial duties, streamlining it to make it work. This will help tailor the training received so that it is relevant to the specific personnel receiving the train-ing. 
Mr. Speaker, with this bill, we have 
the opportunity to call attention to the human rights crisis that is human trafficking. I am glad that this bill has been generated out of the Homeland Security Committee, which emphasizes the security of this Nation but, as well, the important act of making sure America stands against human traf-ficking. January is National Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month. To ensure that continued at-tention be paid to this often hidden crime, I urge the passage of H.R. 460. The bill before us today will not elimi-nate human trafficking, but it may help prevent it by ensuring that DHS’ frontline workforce is properly trained to fight it. 
In conclusion, let me say that we are 
all committed. Again, I refer to all of us. To report suspected human traf-ficking, dial 1–866–347–2423. If you are a victim, to get help, call the National Human Trafficking Resource Center at 1–888–373–7888. 
I thank the gentleman from North 
Carolina for his leadership, and I thank our committee chairman and ranking member for their leadership. 
I ask for support of the bill, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Thank you, Congresswoman J
ACKSON  
LEE, for your eloquence on such an im-
portant issue. 
Mr. Speaker, there are millions of 
victims who are trapped in the United States and around the world who are suffering in silence. In many cases, the men and women of the Department of Homeland Security, who are on the front lines of the fight, are trying to end this heinous crime and help these victims. 
This legislation codifies some of the 
good work already being done to train DHS personnel to detect and prevent human trafficking while also ensuring that such training is specific to the professional roles of the personnel who will utilize it. Moreover, this bill will enable the DHS to equip its non-Fed-eral partners to better counter the dev-astating effects of human trafficking. In closing, I urge my colleagues to sup-
port this critically important, bipar-tisan bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I strongly sup-
port H.R. 460, The Human Trafficking Detec-tion Act of 2015. 
I am proud to be an original cosponsor of 
this important, bipartisan legislation, which will ensure that DHS personnel continue to re-ceive the training they need to detect and dis-rupt human trafficking. 
As Chairman of the Committee on Home-
land Security, I convened a field hearing in Houston during the last Congress to examine the issue of human trafficking. At the hearing, the Committee heard compelling and dis-turbing testimony on how human trafficking is destroying the lives of vulnerable populations across the globe, including here in the United States. 
Simply put, human trafficking is a des-
picable crime, and it must be stopped. I be-lieve this bill is an excellent step towards that goal. 
The Human Trafficking Detection Act of 
2015 would ensure that U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Transportation Security Ad-ministration, and other Department of Home-land Security personnel are trained to effec-tively detect, and to the extent appropriate, intercept and disrupt trafficking in persons, during the course of their normal roles and re-sponsibilities. Not only would this legislation require effective training, it would also ensure that these employees are regularly provided with the most current trends and information on human trafficking and are adequately equipped to counter this growing problem. 
While the men and women at DHS carry out 
their everyday work, many of them are well- positioned to spot traffickers who may try to exploit our nation’s transportation systems to move their victims, both from overseas and within our borders. 
H.R. 460 also ensures that Congress has 
insight into the level of success of the training being provided, and that the Department’s State and local partners have full access to training curricula to establish their own traf-ficking awareness programs. 
I applaud Mr. W
ALKER for introducing this 
legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote yes on this common-sense measure. 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, just last sum-
mer, Delta launched The Blue Lightning Initia-tive with the help of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. 
The Blue Lighting Initiative is a computer 
based training program that provides airlines with the added tools to help ID and report sus-pected instances of human trafficking. 
According to Delta, it is among some of the 
first airlines to adopt this expansive type of human trafficking detection training. 
Delta and others taking on similar initiatives 
should be applauded for taking the initiative to end Human Trafficking, one of the greatest challenges we face. 
As horrific as Human Trafficking is, it is 
even more troubling that the United States Government is not taking the steps necessary to properly train DHS employees, such as TSA officers, who have the potential to identify cases of trafficking and help save lives. 
This type of training is what Rep. M
ARK 
WALKER ’s bill H.R. 460, the Human Trafficking 
Detection Act, aims to achieve. Awareness is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H611 January 27, 2015 
key and it is essential to ending the human 
trafficking epidemic that is stealing the free-dom of nearly 27 million people worldwide. 
Requires DHS to establish a human traf-
ficking training program to be given in class-room or virtually, and to ensure DHS per-sonnel receive this training within 180 days. 
This training must include: Methods to effectively deter, detect, and dis-
rupt human trafficking, and be relevant for each federal employee’s particular location or professional environment. 
This will help to ensure that DHS doesn’t 
simply establish a generic, one-size-fits-all ap-proach for all employees, and is able to pro-vide thorough training specific to each employ-ee’s particular job setting. 
Other topics determined to be appropriate 
by the Secretary. 
A post-training evaluation for personnel re-
ceiving such training. 
H.R. 460 also allows DHS to provide the 
human trafficking training curricula to State, local or tribal government, or private organiza-tion at the entity’s request. This will help these government and private entities establish their own training programs. 
CBO: Does not expect H.R. 460 to increase 
federal spending. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 460. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 351, LNG PERMITTING CERTAINTY AND TRANSPARENCY ACT 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 48 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 48 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 351) to provide for expe-dited approval of exportation of natural gas, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and (2) one motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida, Judge H
ASTINGS , my 
friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-
bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Today, Mr. Speaker, 
I bring to the floor on behalf of the Rules Committee and the Republican Conference a rule and the underlying legislation which helps address a prob-lem that has been created by the Obama administration. 
The administration has decided to 
slow the export of liquefied natural gas to countries with which we do not have a free trade agreement. This means that American companies have plenty of liquefied natural gas to sell to our allies across the globe but that delays by the administration are preventing them from selling it. This decision, I think, comes at a terrible price for the millions of Americans who cannot find work. This decision comes at a terrible price for those in need of a good-paying job—perhaps even of a long career— that will help support their families, their communities, and, most of all, that will help make America stronger. 
The administration’s inaction also 
comes at a terrible price for our friends in Europe who are being bullied by thugs, namely the Russian Govern-ment. Currently, many of our allies in Europe are forced to buy natural gas from Russia instead of from the United States of America. We have seen how they use this leverage to push around our allies. Our other friends around the globe, such as India, Japan, and Haiti, also need energy, and this administra-tion’s inaction is also costing these al-lies dearly. Let me see if I can paint a picture of how the administration’s de-cision has been executed. 
The administration’s Department of 
Energy has slow walked. It has taken an antiquated approval process for ap-plications to export liquefied natural gas, which is known as LNG. Since 2010, the Department of Energy has only issued final decisions on five of the 37 applications to export LNG to countries with which the United States does not have a free trade agreement. These delays have nothing to do with the environment. In fact, natural gas is one of the cleanest sources of energy in the world. Yes, I think we know what the problem is. The problem is they simply do not want to participate in this marketplace for Americans to have jobs. 
As a result of these delays, all of us 
in America are squandering the boon in liquefied natural gas, which has made the United States the world’s largest provider of natural gas in oil begin-ning, really, in 2013. Here we are now, 2 years later, and it is time for America to come to action. That is, again, why the United States Congress—the Re-publican Congress—is coming to the 
American people with a bill to help do something about this. 
The administration’s broken applica-
tion process is delaying good-paying jobs at a time when the labor partici-pation rate in our marketplace is at historic lows. That hurts real people. That hurts real people who want and need opportunities to have jobs today, not to look up and find out that Wash-ington is broken and is keeping them from good-paying jobs. 
I have much to say about this, and I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman, my good friend, for yielding to me the customary 30 min-
utes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in opposition to the rule 
and the underlying bill. 
The enduring reputation of the 113th 
Congress will be as the least productive ever. The previous House was also the most closed ever as it pertains to rules, passing more closed rules than any other Congress. Despite controlling both Chambers of the 114th Congress, my friends across the aisle have picked up the dysfunction right where they left off in trying to jam through an-other piece of legislation regardless of its merits and without giving the House a chance to review it through regular order. It must be understood that there are a significant number of new Members here who didn’t have an opportunity, as I did and as the chair-man did, to vote on this measure in the previous Congress. 
Dysfunction reigns supreme, but 
don’t just take my word for it. Last week, my friend from Pennsylvania, Congressman D
ENT, offered a summary 
of the 114th Congress’ accomplishments so far: 
Week one, we had a Speaker election that 
did not go as well as a lot of us would have liked. Week two, we got into a big fight over deporting children, something that a lot of us didn’t want to have a discussion about. Week three, we are now talking about rape and incest and reportable rapes and incest for minors . . . I just can’t wait for week four. 
That was from my colleague Mr. 
DENT. 
Here we are in week four, in my view, 
wasting time and taxpayer money in debating a solution for a problem that does not exist. 
Since the Department of Energy 
completed its economic impact study, export applications are receiving a de-cision within about 2 months. In fact, four LNG export projects have already won all of the necessary Federal per-mits from the Energy Department and from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, with the first project scheduled to come online this year. Therefore, despite H.R. 351’s clever name, the only uncertainty regarding the bill is why the House is considering it at all. 
This bill originated in the last Con-
gress when we were told that it would help Ukraine shake its energy depend-ence from Russia. Let me repeat that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H612 January 27, 2015 
This bill originated in the last Con-
gress when we were told that it would help Ukraine shake its energy depend-ence from Russia. I would like for some of my colleagues on the other side to tell me how Ukraine will be able to benefit from this legislation in light of what I believe the fact to be, and that is that they are not prepared to receive liquefied natural gas from us. In my view, since most of this takes place in the spot neverland of oil and gas sales, I don’t believe, when completed, that this gas will reach Ukraine. 
Do you know where the highest 
prices for all liquefied natural gas are both now and, apparently, in the near future? Asia. This gas is going to Asia, not to Ukraine and not to Eastern Eu-rope. I heard some discussion yesterday evening about Hungary, and I dispute whether or not any of it will go there as well. 
b1500 
Furthermore, what was true then re-
mains true now: even when the United States finally becomes capable of ex-porting liquefied natural gas, Ukraine does not have, as I have pointed out, the capability to receive it. I hope you will understand my uncertainty as to why this bill is on the floor. 
H.R. 351 will not make gas prices 
cheaper here either. LNG is already cheap. In fact, this bill is more likely to increase our natural gas prices, since we are going to be sending more gas overseas, and it will be hard-working Americans paying the cost. 
It is not like there are a whole lot of 
projects waiting to be approved either. With natural gas futures and crude oil prices well below the levels where nat-ural gas is competitive, companies are putting LNG export and development projects on hold, leaving only more un-certainty as to why we are considering this bill today. 
This bill is also incredibly misguided. 
We cannot solve our energy problems with fossil fuels. It requires a certain kind of arrogance to deny an over-whelming scientific consensus regard-ing climate change. Importing or ex-porting more fossil fuels, more drilling, more fracking, more pipelines, it doesn’t matter; fossil fuels are a dead end, full stop. 
A serious renewable energy plan is 
the only way to ensure energy inde-pendence. Clean energy is the only way we can be sure that we don’t leave a devastated planet for our children. 
This Congress is starting just like 
the last one, Mr. Speaker. The Amer-ican people deserve better. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
This issue about liquefied natural gas 
and natural gas perhaps comes natu-rally to Texans. I am from Dallas. I have been around the natural gas in-dustry. I have seen the attributes of energy policy and how important it is. 
Let me tell you what: the Repub-
licans have taken a keen interest in this. This is why the marketplace is 
producing gasoline at $1.72 a gallon. That is why gasoline prices have fallen, that is why natural gas is plentifully available at a great price—but, Mr. Speaker, it is also jobs behind this. 
I will tell you one other thing. It is 
also a bipartisan idea. Yesterday, this gentleman that I am going to intro-duce, the sponsor of the bill, B
ILL 
JOHNSON , a 26-year veteran of the 
United States Air Force, came up to the Rules Committee and had one of the most delightful conversations on a bipartisan basis with other Democrats and Republicans and talked about the attributes of jobs and this natural re-source. 
Thank God we live in America and 
have these opportunities to where we can help other countries. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ), the original sponsor of 
this bill. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I thank the 
chairman. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H. Res. 48, the rule for H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Trans-parency Act. 
During the 113th Congress, identical 
legislation to H.R. 351 passed the House of Representatives as H.R. 6, the Do-mestic Prosperity and Global Freedom Act. Long before its passage, the bill moved through the entire legislative process at the House Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. This process in-cluded a hearing as well as an eventual markup at the Subcommittee on En-ergy and Power. A subsequent full com-mittee markup followed, and the bill was placed on the Union Calendar. 
The House Committee on Rules then 
established H. Res. 636, the rule for consideration of H.R. 6. After that rule was adopted, the legislation was de-bated, amended, and ultimately passed the House of Representatives with an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote. The President did not issue a veto threat. 
The energy renaissance that has 
swept across America over the last years has transformed the United States from an increasingly energy de-pendent Nation—beholden to the whims of OPEC—to our current posi-tion as the largest producer of oil and natural gas in the world. 
This transformation has provided us 
with a historic and unprecedented op-portunity not just to bolster our econ-omy, but to also fully leverage our en-ergy abundance on the international stage by selling a portion of our nat-ural gas abroad. 
Through this abundance of natural 
gas, America has an opportunity to sig-nificantly affect geopolitics if we enact smart policies. It could—and should— be a game changer. 
Allowing the export of liquefied nat-
ural gas, for instance, will create sig-nificant American jobs and wealth for the United States, enhance our energy security, and provide a reliable source of fuel to our allies, some of whom de-pend on the mood of Vladimir Putin to 
meet their energy needs. 
Unfortunately, our policies have not 
kept pace with the industry’s develop-ment. Producers seeking to export LNG face a constantly changing ap-proval process which costs millions of dollars and takes years to navigate. 
Not only does this undermine regu-
latory certainty, but with dozens of projects seeking approval, Washington is making it difficult for businesses to make the investment decisions needed to take advantage of this abundant re-source. This delays job creation here at home and reduces our ability to posi-tively influence global politics abroad. 
My bill, the LNG Permitting Cer-
tainty and Transparency Act, aims to address this growing problem by cut-ting through the bureaucratic red tape and implementing a deadline on the Department of Energy to issue a final decision on LNG applications. 
Given the amount of time that has 
already passed since many of the LNG export applications have been filed and their dockets closed, there is no more information to consider and no reason for DOE not to adhere to a deadline. 
There is very real risk to inactivity. 
If Washington waits too long to move forward with export licenses, other countries with their own natural gas resources—Canada, Qatar, and Aus-tralia, to name three—will step in to meet the demand. Our competitive ad-vantage, along with the opportunity to create more domestic energy jobs and serve as a check on Russia, will be lost. 
Numerous studies have found that 
LNG exports will create hundreds of thousands of American jobs, many of them in manufacturing, including the refining, petrochemicals, and chemi-cals sectors. ICF International esti-mates that these jobs will occur across the entire value chain, translating into roughly $1 billion in new wages for 
American workers over a 6-year period. 
Export terminals will also generate 
millions of dollars in new tax revenue for Federal, State, and local govern-ments, while increasing our GDP and lowering the trade deficit. 
It is worth noting that this won’t 
come at the expense of domestic con-sumers. The U.S. Energy Information Administration stressed that it expects increased overseas demand for LNG will be met by the development of new resources. 
In fact, the DOE has concluded that 
each of the different export scenarios considered ‘‘are welfare improving for U.S. consumers’’ and would result in ‘‘an increase in U.S. households’ real income.’’ 
The recent turbulence in Eastern Eu-
rope—and throughout the Middle East—has shown all too clearly that energy can be used as a geopolitical tool. Adding a new and reliable source of natural gas onto the world market will diversify our allies’ energy sources and greatly reduce their vulnerability to a single monopolistic supplier. 
I am proud to author this legislation. 
It is a job creator. It helps America in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H613 January 27, 2015 
leveraging the geopolitical stage across 
the globe. We have seen enough delay. I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I reiterate that I would hope that 
some of the speakers from the other side would answer the question as to whether or not this liquefied natural gas is going to reach Eastern Europe. I dispute that. 
Just sort of as an aside, I know no 
one will say anything regarding same, but the fact of the matter is that, for years, the discussion was the price of regular gasoline. Now that it is nearing $2 and we are the world’s biggest pro-ducer of natural gas and moving pretty well, I might add—and I am glad to see—along the clean energy line, I just am curious whether President Obama gets any credit at all for any of these changes because those who argued that gasoline would be at $6 and $7—I even saw one at $8 a gallon—I am just curi-ous, since that didn’t occur, what the thought is. 
I recognize we are here on another 
subject, but I would hope that we would get an answer regarding the LNG and Ukraine especially. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
We really do want to address both of 
your questions. I think they are both legitimate questions. 
First of all, according to Hungary’s 
Ambassador at Large for Energy Secu-rity, lifting restrictions on import ‘‘would send an extremely important message of strategic reassurance to the region which currently feels more threatened than any time since the cold war.’’ 
I will yield in a second to the author 
of the bill because he understands that piece of the pie. 
We talk about thuggery from Russia. 
The Ukrainians had to renegotiate the amount of money that they were pay-ing just to get their natural gas and stay warm because the Russians raised that price on them. We think that is gouging and taking advantage of peo-ple. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ) to discuss 
this point that you asked about. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I thank the 
Chairman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, right now, today, about 
50 percent of Russia’s revenue comes from taxes on oil and gas. About 80 per-cent of that resource goes through the Ukraine. The Ukrainian people are under tremendous pressure, as are other European allies, by the Russians. 
Regardless of where U.S. natural gas 
is shipped, increasing supply and com-petition in the global marketplace will help provide international consumers with greater choice. 
In fact, a representative of the U.S. 
State Department made a similar statement on the benefits of U.S. nat-ural gas exports at a January 8, 2015, 
Atlantic Council forum. This is from the State Department: 
Now, where the gas will go doesn’t matter. 
The fact that we have approved exports of natural gas has already had an impact on Europe. 
Just the fact that America is getting 
into the game has put the Russians on notice that our friends and allies and people that they are currently putting under pressure—the Ukrainians and others—are going to have a choice, and it is going to make a different con-versation happen at the table. 
Mr. Chairman, I hope that helped 
clarify it. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Reclaiming my time, 
it does help us. I thank the gentleman. 
Let us keep going on the second part 
of the question, which was: Can Presi-dent Obama just get any bit of credit, just any bit, just a small measure? Well, I would respond to the gen-tleman: yes, but when he earns it. 
The President has made it known 
from the very beginning that he op-posed energy policy that the free mar-ket tried to produce. Take this exam-ple: even though he was at the groundbreaking for the Keystone pipe-line, he has been incapable of making a decision for 6 years on something that multiple people, including at least two former Presidents and lots of other people, said it makes a lot of sense to do. 
Also, the facts of the case are the 
Congressional Research Service re-ported that domestic natural gas pro-duction has risen by 19 percent since 2009 but decreased by 28 percent on Federal lands. 
b1515 
So, the idea that the President has 
tried to help this while reducing it by almost a third from Federal lands, the evidence is just not there to give him credit. 
I know that there are people who 
want to get credit for things even though they didn’t do things, even though they didn’t complete the task that was in front of them, making deci-sions, making wise decisions, showing the American people what you stand for. 
I would do this for the gentleman and 
help him out, but the administration clearly has been on simply the other side of that issue and that ball. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the 
gentleman from Corpus Christi, Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ), who was with me on 
the border this last weekend as we looked at border security. He comes from an energy-rich section of our Na-tion and represents some of the most vibrant companies that are trying to make this country energy-sufficient and to help make sure that what is at the pump is at a great price and is a great product for consumers. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, it 
is important we get this rule done and move on to consideration of H.R. 351. 
I am from Corpus Christi, Texas. One 
of the first things that happened when I came to Congress is, I was visited by 
some folks from a company that was looking to put a LNG liquefaction plant in the district that I represent. In fact, we have got two pending in the district that I represent. 
But the first one, Cheniere Energy, a 
billion-plus dollar plant to liquefy nat-ural gas and export it, has been waiting since I was elected to Congress, longer than I have been in Congress, over 4 years now, to get this plant approved and online to start selling energy. 
I want to address some of the ques-
tions that the gentleman from the other side has raised with respect to this. 
First and foremost, the technology is 
there. There is no point for Ukraine or any other country to build the facili-ties to receive this natural gas until there is a sure and steady supply of this natural gas. And it is a lot easier to get these facilities built in other countries where they don’t have to go through the exhausting and sometimes, I would go so far to say, insane permit-ting process that we have to go through here in the United States. 
In fact, there is a company looking 
at putting in another LNG facility in Port Lavaca that is going to build the facility to liquefy the natural gas on a barge, pull it up, hook up to the pipe-line, and liquefy it. This same barge technology can be used for re-gasifi-cation. 
You could literally pull a barge into 
a seaport in the Ukraine, hook up the ship, hook it up to a pipeline, and they could be receiving LNG in a very short order. So it is there for any country. 
And listen, there is this talk about 
how it could possibly run up energy prices and natural gas prices here in the United States. The liquefaction process consumes some of the natural gas. The numbers I hear vary from around 20 percent or so, and so it will always be cheaper to deliver the gas by pipeline here in the United States, so we will always have a competitive ad-vantage with the natural gas that we produce. 
But we have got to have a market for 
that natural gas. Right now, pretty much the only natural gas we are see-ing produced out of the Eagle Ford shale in Texas is produced with oil. You drill a well, you get both oil and gas. 
We have seen a huge dropoff in drill-
ing for natural gas because the demand is so low and the supply is so high, to the point where we are drilling wells and we have discovered gas, and we shut that well then and don’t produce it. 
We have got to strike while the iron 
is hot. We can help improve our bal-ance of trade with the world. We can put people back to work, and it can all be done at no government expense. We have just got to get the regulators in Washington, D.C., out of our hair and let our country do this so we can im-prove the economy for everybody in America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H614 January 27, 2015 
We can have a much more secure 
economy. We can have people back to work. We can have a plentiful supply of energy for the foreseeable future. 
You have got Marcellus shale, you 
have got the Eagle Ford shale, you have got the Barnett shale, you have got Pennsylvania, you have got Texas, you have got North Dakota. There is plentiful natural gas. We need a mar-ket for it. 
By approving this rule and the under-
lying legislation, that will happen. Americans will go back to work, and America, as a whole, will prosper. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I thank the gen-
tleman very much, not only for taking time to discuss these important issues but really for his representation of an industry that can do so many great things, not only for the American peo-ple but, really, to help out our friends around the world. 
It becomes a part of a very positive 
foreign affairs policy that the United States, instead of going overseas to get energy, we can be delivering that en-ergy. Instead of having to have a blue water navy, a navy that is stretched to keep shipping lanes open, we can be handing these off to other countries to take them. 
Yesterday, Mr. Speaker, there was a 
vigorous opportunity, on a bipartisan basis, a discussion that not only did B
ILLJOHNSON take part in but also Mr. 
GARAMENDI , the gentleman, the Demo-
crat from California, and E DWHIT-
FIELD , the subcommittee chairman, 
about how the delivery of this LNG can be on American ships. 
A shipbuilding industry to build the 
ships to meet the specifications that would be necessary to put them in the water to deliver these around the world can be an American-made product also. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. SESSIONS. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Texas. 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. I do want to 
point out that the President even un-derstands that there is an ability there for the Ukraine. Speaking in Ukraine recently, he said: ‘‘We welcome the prospect of U.S. LNG efforts in the fu-ture since additional global supplies will benefit Europe and other strategic partners.’’ 
That is a quote somebody sent me 
from President Obama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
By the way, Mr. Speaker, yesterday, 
at the Rules Committee, for the first time in a long time, we did not receive a Statement of Administration Policy that the President is opposed to this. 
It was a bipartisan presentation in 
the Rules Committee yesterday. Not unprecedented but a really good feeling about us working together for the com-mon interest, to make sure that the American worker comes out on top of this, that the taxpayer comes out on top of this, that we are producing good legislation that can go to the United States Senate, this time, to be heard and passed on, so that we can get this 
legislation so the President does earn that part of his check on the box that says: And thank you, Mr. President, for agreeing and working with us. Thank you for helping us out. 
I think this can get through the 
House. I think it can get to the Senate, and I think the President will sign it. 
Mr. Speaker, if that is not a positive 
declaration about the President seeing great things, and me wanting and need-ing and expecting the President to do what I think is the right thing, then we are simply miscast today. 
This is a good thing for America. 
This is a good thing for both parties. But this is a good thing for our friends around the world and diplomacy also. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the 
gentleman from Friendswood, Texas (Mr. W
EBER ), my dear colleague. 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Folks, the 
world is an inherently dangerous place. Watch the news. 
Think with me for a minute. When 
the world has a catastrophe—and it doesn’t matter whether it is a tsunami, an earthquake, whether it is fire, pes-tilence, whether it is war—when the world has a catastrophe and dials 911, who is it that answers? 
It is America, isn’t it? With our mili-
tary. 
It is America that answers that 911 
call. Now, how do we do that? 
It is because this country has the 
strongest, most stable, most reliable, affordable energy capacity and capa-bility in the world. 
America is able to produce goods. I 
often say the things that make Amer-ica great are the things that America makes, and our fossil fuel energy sup-ply is what underwrites that. 
You don’t think that’s right? And I would argue that not only is it 
America’s security; when America is strong, the world is strong. You don’t think fossil fuel energy is important, try powering a tank or a jet plane with a solar panel, Mr. Speaker. You won’t get very far. 
We must remain strong. As I said, for 
the world to be safe, America has got to be strong. This rule and this bill, H.R. 351, are important not only to America’s economy but also our na-tional security and, I would argue, by extension, with the world depending on us, international security. 
Yes, we have a stable, long-lasting 
reliable source of energy here in Amer-ica. We have the opportunity to export that to our friends around the globe and help them to be safe, help them to be productive. 
We will produce American jobs in the 
process. We will improve our balance of trade, as my friend from Corpus Christi said earlier. 
LNG is helping not only with the 
economy, Mr. Speaker, but with na-tional and, by extension, international security. 
I have three plants in my district. 
The permitting process needs to be ex-pedited and move forward. That is why I rise today in support of the rule, in 
support of H.R. 351. 
Two LNG facilities in my district and 
one more on the books. They mean jobs. They mean security. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
rule, to support this bill, put Ameri-cans to work, help America continue to be a leader, to be safe, and, indeed, help keep this world safe. 
I thank the gentleman, the chairman 
of the Rules Committee. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to have the gentleman stick around for a minute because, as a 
member of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee, he is most genuinely involved in trying to make sure that discussions about America and our allies and how the world sees us are well understood. 
As a man who comes from not only 
Friendswood, Texas, which, like Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , is right in the center of 
this enterprise where we ship our nat-ural resources around the world, I would really like to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman to talk about the im-pact of foreign affairs. 
The gentleman, Mr. H
ASTINGS , had 
asked a question about, well, why does this matter? 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Thank you. 
Great questions. 
I didn’t talk about the fact that I 
have five ports in my district on the Gulf Coast of Texas, more than any other Member of Congress. Some have four. I have five LNG plants, LPG plants. 
Sixty percent of the Nation’s jet fuel 
is produced in my district, 60 percent of the Nation’s jet fuel. An extremely large amount, a classified amount of the military’s fuel. They won’t tell us how much, but a large amount of the military’s fuel. 
Strategic petroleum reserves abound 
in my district. Again, we can’t find out how much, but it is a huge amount. 
From a foreign affairs initiative—and 
I have been over to Japan, I have been over to the Philippines, I have been to Hong Kong, South Korea, Taiwan— they want our LNG. They would much rather buy it from us than from the Russian bear. 
Don’t you know the people in 
Ukraine would much rather be depend-ent on us because we are not a dicta-torship, at least not supposed to be, and we are not going to cut off their fuel because we have a disagreement with the way the Russian separatists activate or believe? 
So it is a foreign affairs, it is a for-
eign policy initiative. As I said earlier, it helps make the world safer. It helps create jobs over here. It helps with our balance of trade, or imbalance of trade. It is an important issue, and it is one that bears supporting. 
Support the rule, support this bill be-
cause it is not only important for America from an energy perspective, from a security perspective, but an international or world trade perspec-tive, as well as world security. For for-eign policy, it matters. 
I thank the gentleman from Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H615 January 27, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. I thank the gen-
tleman from Friendswood, Texas, who, Mr. Speaker, has a keen understanding about not only what is in America’s best interest, by serving on the Foreign Affairs Committee, but who is also a proud man who understands that peo-ple who work hard have jobs—clean, natural gas, an opportunity for Amer-ica to get the benefits of one of God’s greatest gifts to the United States that we can share with others. 
Mr. Speaker, I think that there are a 
whole lot of ways for us to look at not only what lies ahead with opportunity, but I think we can also look at some models of success, and one of them might be my home State of Texas. 
b1530 
My home State of Texas has incred-
ible opportunities and benefits that have arisen from the ability to have energy abundance, the ability to have oil, natural gas, and other elements that can be used in this industry to make our country stronger, but what is happening is that we have also used it to Texas’ benefit and America’s ben-efit. That is right. 
Just to tell a story, if it weren’t for 
Texas, net job growth over the last 7 years in America would be flat. That means you take all 49 States, level it out—the minuses, the pluses, net it out—America would not have net posi-tive job growth. But because of Texas, I can tell you that we now have created a net increase of 1.2 million jobs in America, net, and that has come be-cause of Texas. So it is literally en-tirely a Texas product. 
The essence of this has come from 
not just lower taxes, not just better roads, great schools, better education, good people, but it comes from a phi-losophy of understanding that we need to utilize these natural resources for the benefit of our world. To make jobs, job creation important, instead of de-laying things, Texas had to make sure that what we did is we used it to our advantage. 
So instead of not making decisions, 
like this Federal Government does by delaying major initiatives, we signed them into law. We got them done. We made things happen. So by doing that, when you do that, then you stand a chance to better everybody’s life. 
I would now like to give the gen-
tleman from Florida a chance to finish his time, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
You know, I don’t want to in any way 
disparage the lovefest of my friends from Texas. I recognize that every-thing is big in Texas. 
Also, as a child, I even learned the 
songs of Texas, ‘‘The Yellow Rose of Texas,’’ ‘‘Deep in the Heart of Texas,’’ a whole of bunch of them which I hold dear from my childhood. 
I would like to have the gentleman 
who was called upon as a foreign affairs expert—because he serves on the For-eign Affairs Committee—to know, 
then, that I guess I too am a foreign af-fairs expert since I served on that com-mittee for 8 years, served on the Intel-ligence Committee for 8 years. All of the countries that the gentleman men-tioned, I have been to. 
I assuredly never got an answer from 
the chairman or anyone else regarding whether or not Ukraine—and it is not ‘‘the Ukraine’’; it is ‘‘Ukraine’’—didn’t get an answer as to whether they were prepared to receive liquefied natural gas. 
I also know that we are mindful of 
the sanctions on Russia and how it is impacting them. 
I didn’t only just go to Ukraine. In 
their first election after the Orange Revolution, I was the lead election monitor for the Organization for Secu-rity and Cooperation in Europe. 
I don’t come to this dance without 
having some understanding, and I would urge that I still didn’t get—al-though my friend, the chairman, seemed to suggest that the President is deserving of something that he earns, my belief is that the President has al-lowed for more gas leases than I would have had him do. 
I would urge that just off the press, 
embargoed until noon today, is a press release from the United States Depart-ment of the Interior, which receives a lot of negative comment from my col-leagues regarding regulations. ‘‘Inte-rior Department Announces Draft Strategy for Offshore Oil and Gas Leas-ing.’’ The draft proposal program in-cludes 14 potential lease sales in eight planning areas—10 sales in the Gulf of Mexico, three off the coast of Alaska, and one in a portion of the mid- and south Atlantic. 
Now, let me make it very clear. That 
might make a whole lot of people happy. It does not make me happy be-cause they are discussing leases in the Gulf of Mexico where, I believe, there is substantial infrastructure from areas like Louisiana and Texas in the western portion of the gulf. I guess we just ignore things like the BP oil spill, and we ignore the potential for those kinds of disasters. 
So I can’t disagree very much with 
the chairman regarding much of his statistics, but I want the administra-tion and my friend from Texas, the chairman, to know that, as I have said repeatedly, I will be the last person standing in this House of Representa-tives opposed to offshore drilling in my State of Florida no matter the views that others have. I believe there is enough wind from our respective oceans to double the amount of energy that we have, and, yes, my friend, there are aircraft that are powered without fossil fuel. 
We were originally scheduled this 
week to also consider a border security bill, but that bill was scuttled yester-day amidst a number of things. 
My friends, the Republicans, are 
pretty lucky. As bad as the snowstorm is, particularly for the New England area of our country, many of our col-
leagues could not get back here yester-day and probably won’t be able to get back here today as well. The reason I say they are lucky is they can hide—by pulling the border bill—under the fact that there was a snowstorm and people couldn’t get in here, and that is legiti-mate, in my view. 
The other part of the concern—and 
we will see about it next week and the week after—is that many conservatives in the Republican Party are jumping ship on the border bill, and that was out there as well. Just like last week, just like last Congress, there is a rift in the majority, leaving it unable to even pass legislation that all of its Members can agree on. 
Unfortunately, we have real problems 
in this country that my friends are going to have to address. So I look for-ward to my friends’ plan to repair our crumbling roads and bridges in this country, and I can’t wait to see how this body will combat the national se-curity threat of climate change, in spite of all of your denials. 
I hope that my friends intend to en-
sure that women receive equal pay for equal work, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to make sure that many of the reforms in our tax structure allow for those persons who are ultrawealthy to pay their fair proportion of what they earn and to re-form our Tax Code so that middle-in-come Americans can benefit and poor Americans can rise to the middle class. 
With America’s workers’ wages stag-
nant for so long, including our own here in the House of Representatives, we are entering the seventh year with-out any increase in wages. And those of us who are poorer Members of Congress have experienced the kinds of difficul-ties of just being here in Washington and the cost for being here. I am seek-ing no sympathies. It is just a fact. 
So with those wages stagnant for so 
long, I look forward to hearing from my colleagues on how they plan to raise the minimum wage in this coun-try. Because until my friends can ad-dress their dysfunction and inability to lead, I am afraid our country is in for 2 more years of uncertainty. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the rule and the underlying bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I will reiterate that 
most Presidents get a lot of credit on their watch and a lot of negative when things go wrong. For once, our gas prices are down, and my friends can’t even bring themselves to say that this President deserves some credit. I do. I see it. He deserves some credit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, as I ex-
plained earlier, Texas is the great American jobs machine. We talked about how we create jobs because we have effectively used the resources that, in many instances, Mother Na-ture and God have given us. So now it is time for Washington, I think, to learn from models that we do in Texas, where we learn to capitalize on all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H616 January 27, 2015 
our resources—in this case, the energy 
revolution that is at hand. 
Look, what Republicans have done 
today is brought a bill that is common sense to the floor to unleash our nat-ural resources, to make sure that it helps out not only our foreign policy, but workers and jobs in this country, and that is important. So it is a policy issue. The Republican Party is dead-on. There is going to be a bipartisan vote today. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support the rule and the underlying legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
ENHAM ). The question is on the reso-
lution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of House Res-olution 48 will be followed by 5-minute votes on the motions to suspend the rules on H.R. 469 and H.R. 246, each by the yeas and nays. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 241, nays 169, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 46] 
YEAS—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill 
Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—169 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—23 
Bera Buchanan Capuano Crowley 
DeFazio Duckworth Engel 
Heck (NV) Jones Lee 
Lieu (CA) Marino Meeks Meng Neal 
Nunnelee Pelosi Perlmutter Roe (TN) Rohrabacher 
Schock Slaughter Walorski 
b1606 
Ms. MATSUI changed her vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
STRENGTHENING CHILD WELFARE 
RESPONSE TO TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ULTGREN ). The unfinished business is 
the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 469) to amend the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services systems to improve the identification and assessment of child victims of sex trafficking, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 410, nays 0, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 47] 
YEAS—410 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent 
DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Emmer Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H617 January 27, 2015 
Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) Lummis 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean 
Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell 
Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—23 
Bera Buchanan Capuano Crowley DeFazio 
Duckworth Engel Hardy Heck (NV) 
Jones Lee Lieu (CA) Marino 
Meeks Meng Neal Nunnelee 
Pelosi Perlmutter Roe (TN) Rohrabacher 
Slaughter Walorski 
b1616 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MISSING CHILDREN’S ASSISTANCE 
ACT AMENDMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 246) to improve the response to victims of child sex trafficking, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. W
ALBERG ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 411, nays 0, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 48] 
YEAS—411 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Emmer 
Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Higgins 
Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline 
Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters 
Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—22 
Bera 
Buchanan Capuano Crowley DeFazio Duckworth Engel Heck (NV) Jones 
Lee Lieu (CA) Marino Meeks Meng Neal Nunnelee Pelosi 
Perlmutter Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Slaughter Walorski 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H618 January 27, 2015 
b1623 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 46, 47 and 48. Had I been present, I would have voted no on Roll Call vote num-ber 46, and aye on Roll Call vote number 47 and 48. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today, January 
27, 2015, I was unable to be present and missed the following votes: 
On Roll Call vote 46, on Agreeing to the 
Resolution H. Res. 48 providing for consider-ation for the bill H.R. 351 to provide for expe-dited approval of exportation of natural gas, and for other purposes, I would have voted NO. 
On Roll Call vote 47, on Motion to Suspend 
the Rules and Pass H.R. 469, the Strength-ening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act, I would have voted AYE. 
On Roll Call Vote 48, on Motion to Suspend 
the rules and Pass H.R. 246, to Improve Re-sponse to Victims of Child Sex Trafficking, I would have voted AYE. 
f 
CORRECTION TO ENGROSSMENT 
OF H.R. 515, INTERNATIONAL MEGAN’S LAW TO PREVENT DE-MAND FOR CHILD SEX TRAF-FICKING 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that in the engrossment of H.R. 515, the Clerk be directed to make the correc-tion I have placed at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the correction. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
On page 9, after line 25 insert the fol-
lowing: 
(2) T O OFFENDERS .— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. 
f 
TRAFFICKING AWARENESS TRAIN-
ING FOR HEALTH CARE ACT OF 2015 
Mrs. ELLMERS. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 398) to provide for the develop-ment and dissemination of evidence- based best practices for health care professionals to recognize victims of a severe form of trafficking and respond to such individuals appropriately, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 398 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Trafficking 
Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015’’. SEC. 2. DEVELOPMENT OF BEST PRACTICES. 
(a) G RANT FOR DEVELOPMENT OF BEST 
PRACTICES .—Not later than 1 year after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and in con-sultation with the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administra-tion, shall award, on a competitive basis, a grant to an eligible school under which such school will— 
(1) not later than 6 months after receipt of 
the award, develop best practices for health care professionals— 
(A) to recognize victims of a severe form of 
trafficking; and 
(B) to respond appropriately to such indi-
viduals; 
(2) in developing best practices under para-
graph (1), survey, analyze, and evaluate, in consultation with law enforcement per-sonnel, social service providers, and other experts in the field of human trafficking, ex-isting best practices that foster the practice of interprofessional collaboration, including those used by industries other than the health care industry, to determine the ex-tent to which such existing best practices may be adapted for use as part of the best practices under paragraph (1); 
(3) develop curricula, training modules, or 
materials to train health care professionals on the best practices developed under para-graph (1); 
(4) not later than 12 months after the re-
ceipt of the award, make a subgrant to one entity located near an established anti- human trafficking task force initiative in each of the 10 administrative regions of the Department of Health and Human Services— 
(A) to design, implement, and evaluate a 
pilot program using the best practices devel-oped under paragraph (1) and the curricula, 
training modules, or materials developed under paragraph (3); 
(B) to conduct the pilot program at one or 
more eligible sites within the respective re-gion, which may include an eligible site that is a school-based health center; and 
(C) to complete the implementation and 
evaluation of such pilot program within a pe-riod of 6 months; 
(5) not later than 24 months after the re-
ceipt of the award, analyze the results of the pilot programs conducted through subgrants under paragraph (4), including analyzing— 
(A) changes in the skills, knowledge, and 
attitude of health care professionals result-ing from the implementation of the pro-grams; 
(B) the number of victims of a severe form 
of trafficking who are recognized under the programs; 
(C) of those recognized, the number who re-
ceived information or referrals for services offered through the programs; and 
(D) of those who received such information 
or referrals— 
(i) the number who participated in fol-
lowup services; and 
(ii) the type of followup services received; (6) determine, using the results of the anal-
ysis under paragraph (5), the extent to which the best practices developed under paragraph (1) are evidence-based; and 
(7) submit a comprehensive assessment of 
the pilot programs conducted through sub-grants under paragraph (4) to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, including an identification of— 
(A) the best practices that are determined 
pursuant to paragraph (6) to be evidence- based; and 
(B) the best practices that are determined 
pursuant to such paragraph to require fur-ther review in order to determine whether they are evidence-based. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The best practices devel-
oped through the grant awarded under sub-section (a)— 
(1) shall address— (A) risk factors and indicators to recognize 
victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(B) application of Federal and State law, 
including reporting requirements, with re-spect to victims of a severe form of traf-ficking; 
(C) patient safety and security, including 
the requirements of HIPAA privacy and se-curity law as applied to victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(D) the management of medical records of 
patients who are victims of a severe form of trafficking; 
(E) public and private social services avail-
able for rescue, food, clothing, and shelter referrals; 
(F) the hotlines for reporting human traf-
ficking maintained by the National Human Trafficking Resource Center and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; 
(G) validated assessment tools for the iden-
tification of victims of a severe form of traf-ficking; and 
(H) referral options and procedures for 
sharing information on human trafficking with a patient and making referrals for legal and social service assistance related to human trafficking when indicated and appro-priate; and 
(2) shall not address patient medical treat-
ment. 
(c) D
ISSEMINATION .—Not later than 24 
months after the award of a grant to a school under subsection (a), the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Ad-ministrator of the Agency for Healthcare Re-search and Quality, shall— 
(1) post on the public website of the De-
partment of Health and Human Services the best practices that are identified by the school under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(7); and 
(2) disseminate to health care profession 
schools the best practices identified by the school under subsection (a)(7)(A) and evalua-tion results. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) The term ‘‘eligible site’’ means a health 
center that is receiving assistance under sec-tion 330, 399Z–1, or 1001 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b, 300). 
(2) The term ‘‘eligible school’’ means an 
accredited school of medicine or nursing with experience in the study or treatment of victims of a severe form of trafficking. 
(3) The term ‘‘health care professional’’ 
means a person employed by a health care provider who provides to patients informa-tion (including information not related to medical treatment), scheduling, services, or referrals. 
(4) The term ‘‘HIPAA privacy and security 
law’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 3009 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300jj–19). 
(5) The term ‘‘victim of a severe form of 
trafficking’’ has the meaning given to such term in section 103 of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102). 
SEC. 4. NO ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ) and the 
gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P AL-
LONE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H619 January 27, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. ELLMERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-sert extraneous materials in the R
ECORD on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mrs. ELLMERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowl-
edge the ongoing domestic problem with human trafficking. H.R. 398, the Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act, will create a program dedicated to training our Nation’s health care professionals in order to identify the early warning signs for the act of human trafficking. 
Oftentimes, members of the medical 
community encounter these individ-uals while they are still being traf-ficked. By training health care profes-sionals and equipping them with the right knowledge, we are enabling them to identify hallmark signs of this des-picable act for early intervention. 
This pilot program will test and ex-
amine the best practices needed for de-termining the protocol used for imple-menting human trafficking awareness within the medical community. 
As a nurse, I know that our country’s 
medical professionals already play a significant role in caring for victims of human trafficking. This legislation will better prepare those on the front lines, so that they can identify and care for those being trafficked. 
Most Americans are unaware as to 
how prevalent and pervasive human trafficking is within our own borders, but it is time we acknowledge this fact and stand up against this heinous crime. 
Our medical base is in a position to 
help these victims break free, and I am proud to push forth legislation further empowering them. This legislation trains health care workers to recognize the hallmark signs of human traf-ficking, thus allowing professionals to intervene on the patient’s behalf. 
I would like to thank my colleague, 
Congresswoman D
EBBIE WASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ from Florida, for helping me 
introduce H.R. 398 in Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
b1630 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I think that we can all 
agree that human trafficking is an im-portant problem that deserves Con-gress’ attention, and that all of us sup-port efforts to ensure that our health care workers are better prepared to identify and assist victims of human trafficking. 
H.R. 398, the Trafficking Awareness 
Training for Health Care Act of 2015, would set up a grant, facilitated by the 
Department of Health and Human Services, to create and address best practices for health care providers to use in the field. The program would then test those practices in 10 pilot programs across the country. 
The goal of this legislation is laud-
able and would certainly take impor-tant steps to improve our ability to ad-dress the spread of human trafficking in our local communities. However, Mr. Speaker, I cannot support the process that brought this bill to the floor. 
This legislation has not gone through 
a subcommittee or full committee markup in the Energy and Commerce Committee, neither in the 114th Con-gress nor the previous session. Going through the normal committee process would have allowed Members and staff to make substantive and technical changes to ensure that the Department of Health and Human Services is able to implement this legislation effec-tively. Members who serve on the En-ergy and Commerce Committee deserve the opportunity to deliberate on legis-lation within the committee’s jurisdic-tion and offer amendments to strength-en the bills that we consider. 
Additionally, while this bill author-
izes a new grant program, it does not authorize any additional appropria-tions for the Department to carry out this initiative. HHS may not be able to do this work within their limited exist-ing resources. Advancing legislation, Mr. Speaker, that puts new require-ments on the Federal Government without authorizing the funds to im-plement them is not a good precedent to set. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I cannot support 
new legislation that has not gone through the regular order process, but I will not object to considering H.R. 398 on suspension today and advancing the bill by voice vote. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. ELLMERS. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida, Ms. D
EBBIE  
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , who is the Demo-
cratic sponsor of the bill. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey and my colleague Congress-woman E
LLMERS from North Carolina 
and rise today in strong support of the Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015, a bill on which I was honored to join as the Demo-cratic lead with my colleague and good friend, the gentlewoman from North Carolina. 
I thank Congresswoman E
LLMERS for 
her leadership on this bill and her will-ingness to shine a light on the scourge of human trafficking. 
I was telling my staff the other day, 
Mr. Speaker, that it is a truly remark-able and sometimes too rare a thing in our Congress to find a Member who not only reaches across the aisle but who is also willing to work tirelessly to fight for what she believes in and has a staff 
willing to match that effort. It has been a pleasure working with you and your team on this legislation, as well as on my EARLY Act signed into law just a month ago, on which you served as the Republican lead on that legisla-tion, and I look forward to what we may do together in the future. 
Mr. Speaker, after passing legislation 
that made human and sex trafficking a State crime in my home State of Flor-ida, I knew that, while that was an im-portant tool to combat traffickers, we were just scratching the surface. 
I joined Congresswoman E
LLMERS on 
this bill because, though there is still much that we need to learn about the way human trafficking works in the United States, we know enough to know that it is far too prevalent, it preys on the most vulnerable in our Nation, and addressing it requires a comprehensive approach that encom-passes prevention, treatment, and going after criminals. 
We know that best guesses estimate 
there are 100,000 to 300,000 American youth currently at risk of being traf-ficked in the United States. We know that those most likely to be targeted are low-income women, foster youth, younger girls, and girls and women with a history of abuse and estrange-ment from family. And we know that once a girl is sex-trafficked, she has a life expectancy of just 7 years, during which she will be raped on average by 6,000 different buyers. 
If the horror of human trafficking is 
not a problem that deserves a com-prehensive response from all legal, so-cial service, and medical sectors, then I don’t know what is. Health care pro-viders are often the first line of defense in these situations, sometimes being the only interaction with an outsider that a victim’s trafficker may allow. 
The Trafficking Awareness Training 
for Health Care Act of 2015 develops evidence-based best practices for, and training of, health care providers to be able to identify and properly respond to victims of trafficking, training that means when a girl 12 to 14 years old, the age range that is most at risk of being trafficked, when she is brought into a health care provider for a rou-tine checkup by an older man who is not related to her, that a red flag goes off in a nurse’s head or a health care provider’s head. 
Best practices will mean when a 
woman comes into an ER for a broken arm but a doctor discovers bruises and scars indicating a pattern of abuse, that that doctor doesn’t just simply treat her broken arm and send her home. And resource knowledge means doctors and nurses cannot only iden-tify potential victims but can respond appropriately to ensure that victim will one day become a survivor. 
This bill joins several other traf-
ficking bills being heard today on the House floor, including Representative B
ASS’ bill to support youth most at 
risk for trafficking and Representative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H620 January 27, 2015 
NOEM’s bill to encourage intra-agency 
and effective human trafficking inter-vention and prevention strategies. 
These two bills, as well as Represent-
ative E
LLMERS ’ and my bill, are all 
pieces of a larger puzzle, initiatives that, when put together, create a com-prehensive and cross-sector response to human trafficking. 
We all stand up together today, re-
gardless of political party, to say we do not want to raise our children in a world or a nation where a person can be sold as if she is property to be used by anyone to whom the trafficker of-fers her. 
I am proud to join my colleagues and 
Congresswoman E
LLMERS in the battle 
to eliminate human trafficking, for my daughters, who are 11 and 15, for my constituents in south Florida, and for the betterment of our world. I might add, as a member of the House Com-mittee on Appropriations, I can assure the gentleman that while I share and understand his concerns on the process, as far as the appropriations, we are going to pursue unobligated funds so that we can make sure that there are the resources available to make sure that this program is funded. 
Mrs. ELLMERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to say again to my good 
friend and colleague from Florida, thank you for putting forward this ef-fort to work with us. 
To my colleague, Mr. P
ALLONE , I, 
too, believe that we need to work to-gether. So just know that my door is open, that we will continue to work on these issues together, and I am just so glad that in a bipartisan effort today we are all coming together to stand up for victims of human trafficking and again get them on a path to recovery. 
At this point, Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), my good friend, 
who has been a tireless and passionate advocate for women and families and children who are affected by human trafficking really long before many of us were even aware that it was an issue here in this country. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding and thank her for her leader-ship, especially on this extremely im-portant bill, H.R. 398, the Trafficking Awareness Training for Health Care Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill would direct 
grant money to the development of best practices for medical professionals so that they will know how to recog-nize trafficking victims and how to re-spond if a potential victim comes into their hospital or clinic. 
Mrs. E
LLMERS and I, and others, were 
inspired to do this bill by a Global Cen-turion report, in collaboration with the Charlotte Lozier Institute, that showed some 88 percent of domestic trafficking victims sought health care at some point during the time that they were being trafficked. That is absolutely amazing. These victimized women have come in contact with health care pro-
fessionals, and then they leave and go out the door and nothing is done be-cause the health care professional did not recognize the signs of human traf-ficking. They were in a clinic, hospital, or doctor’s office when they were being trafficked, right back out the door to be trafficked again. 
With 99 percent of trafficking victims 
reporting serious health consequences of being trafficked and pimps eager to get their victims healthy for continued exploitation for profit, medical profes-sionals are on the front lines of traf-ficking interventions. We must make sure that the health care professionals are equipped to assist in effectuating freedom for trafficking victims when-ever possible. We must think carefully about protocols for how to report sus-pected victims to authority. We don’t want to put her in further danger. We must strategize ways to ensure the vic-tims receive the help that they need. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a very, very im-
portant bill, and I do hope my col-leagues will support it. Again, I thank Mrs. E
LLMERS for her leadership on it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no additional speakers at this time, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. ELLMERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
In closing, I just want to say again 
how proud I am of our Congress and our colleagues on both sides of the aisle coming together to work on very, very important legislation dealing with those who have been trafficked. Human trafficking is a travesty, it is a heinous crime, and it is today’s modern-day slavery. 
This is something that we must 
eradicate in this country. This is what the American people need for us to be a part of and work on. 
I am just so happy that we are deal-
ing with an issue that is going to affect so many out there in this country who do not have a voice right now. We have the opportunity now to stand up for what is right. We have the opportunity to do what is right, and by us working together and having legislation that will be sponsored in the Senate, as many of us do, we feel very strongly that this will become law, and we will be able to enact it and help those vic-tims so that they can be looking to-wards recovery and empowering their lives. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a very important 
day with 12 different bills that we are addressing. I am just so proud to be a part of it. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 398, the Trafficking Aware-ness Training for Health Care Act of 2015, in-troduced by Energy and Commerce Com-mittee member R
ENEE ELLMERS of North Caro-
lina. 
I wish this bill and others related to traf-
ficking today were not necessary. But the sad reality is that according to the U.S. Depart-ment of Justice, human trafficking is the sec-ond fastest growing criminal industry—just be-
hind drug trafficking. Adding to the urgency is that approximately half of all victims are chil-dren. It makes you sick. 
Human trafficking is a serious crime and a 
grave violation of human rights. Too often, this is a crime that goes unnoticed and it is one that is not well understood. It is simply too hard to imagine that a crime this horrendous could be happening right here on American soil, let alone in your own backyard. But it is. Not only does human trafficking occur in the United States, it is a lucrative business with billions of dollars in profits. It continues be-cause victims are not easily identified and they are afraid. It happens in our own communities, because we are unaware. Today, we stand up and say no more. 
In order for victims of trafficking to break 
free, they need help. Health care professionals are one of the few groups to interact with traf-ficked women and girls and can be one source of help as twenty-eight percent of traf-ficked women sought treatment from a health care professional while being held captive. Re-cent studies show that health care profes-sionals are well positioned to be first respond-ers if they have the training and skills to iden-tify and help victims. 
The Trafficking Awareness Training for 
Health Care Act would provide for the devel-opment of evidence-based best practices to help health care providers to identify and as-sist victims of human trafficking. The bill re-quires HHS to award a grant to a medical or nursing school to develop best practices for medical personnel. These best practices will be tested in a pilot program conducted at Community Health Centers (CHCs) in each of the 10 administrative regions. The results of the pilot will be shared with the medical com-munity for their consideration. This bill offers 
us an important opportunity to work with the medical community to improve awareness and ensure that human trafficking education and practice becomes a part of basic health care training. 
I thank Rep. E
LLMERS for her hard work this 
important piece of legislation and urge its pas-sage. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 398. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DEMAND THE RELEASE OF 
NADIYA SAVCHENKO 
(Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to call for the immediate release of Ukrainian fighter pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who remains illegally jailed in Russia. 
Ms. Savchenko was captured by Rus-
sian-directed forces in eastern Ukraine in June of 2014 and transferred to a prison in Voronezh, Russia. She is still imprisoned there today, now in her sec-ond month of a hunger strike that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H621 January 27, 2015 
demonstrates to the world the inhu-
manity of her capture. 
We recall the shocking footage of her 
interrogation in which she was hand-cuffed to a metal pipe, and yet we are assured by Russia she is ‘‘being treated well.’’ 
Why, if Russia is not invading 
Ukraine, as we are so often assured by Russia, should they hold Ms. Savchenko at all? 
Yesterday, January 26, was Free 
Savchenko Day, a global, digital effort to raise awareness to her ongoing fight. The campaign shines a light on the dis-respect for international law the Krem-lin continues to demonstrate. 
I was honored to participate in that 
campaign and introduce, along with our colleagues from the Ukrainian Cau-cus, House Resolution 50, calling to mind her struggle and demanding her immediate release. 
The hunger strike began on Decem-
ber 13 and her health continues to dete-riorate. 
Mr. Speaker, Nadiya Savchenko has 
been a beacon for liberty. I salute her bravery in the face of overt Russian ag-gregation. Her courage shines like a brilliant, brilliant beacon for liberty- loving people everywhere. 
God bless her, God bless America, 
and God bless Ukraine. 
f 
b1645 
REGULAR ORDER 
(Mr. NOLAN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, since the 
Congress has reconvened, none of the important legislation that we have considered here has gone through the regular committee process. Yet, with each election, we send people to the Congress of the United States with a wide range of perspectives, with lots of goodwill, with lots of good intentions— Democrats and Republicans alike. The simple truth, however, is that the House leadership has prevented these voices from being heard in the regular committee process. In fact, Congress has, sadly, become one of the most un-democratic institutions in America. 
Mr. Speaker, stop denying the Mem-
bers of Congress the opportunity and the public the opportunity to find com-mon ground. The failure of the process is at the heart of gridlock. It is at the heart of congressional failure. Allow bills once again to come up through the regular committee process, where amendments are heard, considered, and voted upon. 
Mr. Speaker, give Congress the op-
portunity to work together once again in the spirit of bipartisanship that the American people are so desperately hungry for. HONORING WILHELMINA HENRY, A 
PIONEER IN EDUCATION 
(Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor a pioneer in education, Ms. Wilhelmina Henry, who will be 95 years old this month. Ms. Henry is Stockton, California’s, first Black teacher. 
Born in South Carolina, she grad-
uated from high school at the age of 16 and went on to earn a degree from the Tuskegee Institute—one of our coun-try’s oldest and most prestigious His-torically Black Colleges. She began her teaching career after World War II in segregated schools in South Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama before moving to Stockton in 1947. 
Though she faced discrimination and 
resistance, Ms. Henry persevered with courage and dignity, retiring after al-most 50 years of educating our chil-dren. Her legacy is carried on by both her daughter, Rachelle Mimms, who is also a Stockton teacher, and at the Stockton elementary school that is named in her honor. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
recognizing Ms. Henry’s courage in breaking the color barrier for teachers and in paving the way for many others who have followed in her footsteps. 
f 
FIGHTING YOUTH HOMELESSNESS 
(Mr. YARMUTH asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, this 
week, as we consider measures aimed at combating human trafficking, I re-mind my colleagues of the estimated 1.6 million runaway or homeless youths under the age of 18 in the United States. 
The Runaway and Homeless Youth 
Act was enacted in 1974 to help combat these growing numbers, and it is the sole Federal law targeting unaccom-panied youths. Through this law, we are able to fund important local pro-grams to serve our homeless youths. They provide shelter, counseling, fam-ily reunification, and aftercare, and they reduce the chance that young peo-ple will become victims of human traf-ficking. 
I am proud to have introduced and to 
have helped pass the reauthorization of this important funding in 2008, but that 5-year authorization expired in 2014, and now action must be taken. Con-gress has a responsibility to help en-sure that homeless young people in America have a place to seek shelter and to find safety while laying a foun-dation for new opportunities. 
I call on my colleagues to join me in 
supporting a reauthorization of the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act and help the hundreds of thousands of chil-dren who sleep on our streets every night. HOLOCAUST REMEMBRANCE 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Work 
makes you free.’’ 
Today, I was thinking about that 
sign and about the psychological im-pact and the sadness that it must have had on millions of Holocaust survivors and on victims of the Holocaust as they walked into the concentration camps 70 years ago in Auschwitz and saw that sign, knowing they would never make it out free. 
I rise today in remembrance of the 
10th anniversary of the International Holocaust Remembrance Day and the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz. 
On this day, we must take a moment 
to honor the memory of the millions who lost their lives and of those who survived but experienced unspeakable horrors. We must always remember the tragedy of the Holocaust in order to ensure that this dark time in human history is never repeated. Injustices and violence against any person be-cause of one’s faith, race, or ethnic background should never be tolerated. Today and every day, we must honor the memory of the Holocaust victims and ensure we renew our commitment to ‘‘never again.’’ 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today as a voice for the thousands of human trafficking victims both abroad and in this country. 
Sadly, these voiceless victims are 
often beaten, starved, and forced to work as prostitutes or to take grueling jobs as migrant and domestic workers. Time and time again, we hear terrible stories of violence, death, and trauma against innocent men, women, and children who have been trafficked through organized crime rings and even terrorist organizations. 
As Members of Congress, we must 
stand up for justice and human dignity. The bills we are considering today will improve collaboration between govern-ment agencies, will cut down on human trafficking, and will better protect vic-tims. Ending human trafficking is a bi-partisan issue that must remain a pri-ority. 
Our country was founded upon the 
notion of ‘‘equality and justice for all.’’ That is why I cosponsored a bipartisan bill with my North Carolina Repub-lican colleague, M
ARK WALKER . H.R. 
460, the Human Trafficking Detection Act, prioritizes training for the preven-tion and the detection of trafficked victims, and it brings us one step clos-er to finding a solution to this terrible tragedy of human trafficking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H622 January 27, 2015 
DEFENSE DEPARTMENT WEAPONS 
FUNNELED TO LAW ENFORCE-MENT 
(Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and 
extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, the Republican border bill, origi-nally scheduled for this week, contains a provision buried on page 78 that would expand the Pentagon’s 1033 pro-gram. This program transfers billions of dollars of Defense Department equipment to law enforcement agencies without any congressional oversight or community input. The bill adds a bor-der securities activities priority to the program that will quietly funnel mili-tary-grade weapons to law enforcement for this new, fully defined priority. 
It appears some of my colleagues did 
not learn the tragic lessons of Fer-guson, Missouri, last summer as the Nation saw the devastating result of a militarized police force. If this bill is brought back up, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment in order to curb the expansion of this program. 
f 
MAKE IT IN AMERICA: 
INFRASTRUCTURE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J EN-
KINS of West Virginia). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, this 
chart has been up, really, for the last 4 years, and I keep bringing it back be-cause it is pretty important. This is about American jobs, about how we can rebuild the American economy, and about how we can, at the same time, provide employment opportunities— those middle class jobs that we all want to talk about—and do it in a way that actually improves our environ-ment. 
Today, I want to focus on one part of 
this. I have asked some of my col-leagues to join us, and Congresswoman H
AHN will be joining us in a few mo-
ments to talk about a piece of this. 
In the Make It In America agenda, 
we have these items: international trade, which is critically important that we do right; tax policies of all kinds; our energy policy. Oh. By the way, in the last 5 years, the energy pol-icy of the administration’s has almost made the United States energy inde-pendent. We are actually producing 4 billion more barrels of oil a day now than we were 6 or 7 years ago, so we do have an energy policy—green energy, moving away from the greenhouse gas-ses; a labor policy; education, the training of our workers; research, which is critically important. We may come to that later today, but I really want to focus on this one which is at the bottom because it is foundational. The foundation of the economy of the United States is the infrastructure. Way, way back, the Founding Fa-
thers—everybody around here wants to talk about the Founding Fathers and what the Founding Fathers would do and how they would act. I will tell you what George Washington did in his first weeks in office. 
He turned to Alexander Hamilton, 
the Treasury Secretary, and said: Hey, Alex. Develop an economic develop-ment plan for me. How are we going to grow our economy? 
Treasury Secretary Hamilton came 
back—he formed a committee of one, and he came back with a plan of, maybe, 30, 40 pages, and in that plan was fundamental infrastructure devel-opment. 
He said the role of the Federal Gov-
ernment is to make sure that we have postal roads, to make sure that we have ports and canals—the infrastruc-ture of the day. 
So, for those who like to harken back 
to the Founding Fathers—they ought to also consider the mothers. In any case, infrastructure was fundamental. Today, I want to talk about infrastruc-ture, and I want to do it in a way that will really, hopefully, excite this body into passing a very robust, complete surface transportation infrastructure bill. 
Now, President Obama and Depart-
ment of Transportation Secretary Foxx have made a proposal called ‘‘Build America.’’ It is a good proposal that covers all of the elements that we need—the highways, the ports, the rail-roads, freight. All of those things are in that bill. Unfortunately, it didn’t have a hearing last year. Hopefully, it will be foundational this year as we consider in the next 3 months a surface transportation infrastructure bill for the United States because, in May, the world comes to an end as the programs of the Federal Government’s for trans-portation expire. We need a new law going forward, so what we want to talk about today is that issue. 
I am going to take just a few seconds. 
Every now and then, somebody sends brochures and studies to us. This one came from Duke University, the Center on Globalization, Governance & Com-petitiveness: ‘‘Infrastructure Invest-ment Creates American Jobs,’’ and they have got this little executive sum-mary which is really helpful to us: 
Old and broken transportation infrastruc-
ture makes the United States less competi-tive than 15 of our major trading partners and makes American manufacturers less effi-cient in getting goods to market. 
Representative H AHN, that is where 
you want to come in and talk about ports. 
This is Duke University: 
The underinvestment of infrastructure 
costs the United States over 900,000 jobs, in-cluding 97,000 American manufacturing jobs. 
Maximizing American-made materials 
when rebuilding infrastructure has the po-tential to create even more jobs. Relying on American-made inputs can also mitigate safety concerns related to large-scale out-sourcing. b1700 
One of the things that really, really 
bothers me about my home State of California is the way in which the State of California decided to build the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge. We are talking about a multibillion-dollar project, $3.9 billion over budget, 12 years late, and the steel in that bridge came from China. How brilliant was that? 
One of the principal reasons for the 
delay was the steel was delayed, the steel was faulty, and the welds were faulty. There were 3,000 jobs in China 
and zero jobs in the United States. By the way, the Chinese demanded that they be the inspectors on the job—not good at all. This kind of tells us about why making it in America is impor-tant. 
There is another example. I don’t 
like to brag about New York, since that is a long, long way from my dis-trict, but the Tappan Zee Bridge in New York was built with American steel, had a $3.9 billion total project cost, 7,728 American workers were hired, and it was designed to last 100 years without any major structural maintenance. 
I know Ms. H
AHNis going to come up 
here and probably carry on some brag-ging. We have got a lot to brag about in California, but we cannot brag about what happened with the San Francisco- Oakland Bay Bridge because it was a fi-nancial disaster. It was a jobs disaster for the United States, for American workers. Even today, there are con-tinuing reports coming out about the faulty bridge construction. 
Infrastructure investment creates 
American jobs, and if we require that those investments be made in America, we are going to be talking about Amer-icans going back to work. All of us talk about the middle class. Well, let’s build the infrastructure, let’s use American- made materials, and let’s really build American jobs for the middle class. 
Ms. H
AHN, I believe you have some-
thing to say about ports. The fact is that you represent the two biggest ports in America, you will argue: Long Beach and the Port of Los Angeles. 
Ms. HAHN. Thank you, Mr. 
G
ARAMENDI , for having the leadership, 
certainly, on Make It In America, but really reminding our colleagues and all Americans how important these projects are in terms of repairing our infrastructure, as well as creating good American jobs. 
I am here today to join you and 
many of our colleagues in really press-ing Congress this year to take action to improve our Nation’s outdated, un-derfunded ports and to repair and re-place crumbling roads and dangerous bridges. 
I serve on the Transportation and In-
frastructure Committee. I founded and cochair our congressional bipartisan PORTS Caucus, so I work closely with not only Democrats, but I am working very closely with Republicans. 
I do know—and I believe this to be 
true—that this is one area that we can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H623 January 27, 2015 
agree on, and that is our infrastructure 
and transportation. I am really hoping that we can work together across the aisle and understand that making these essential investments in Amer-ica’s transportation and infrastructure will create good-paying jobs, will help American businesses to compete glob-ally, and it will improve the quality of life for families in every single con-gressional district. 
As you said—and I will take bragging 
rights—I represent the Port of Los An-geles, and A
LANLOWENTHAL represents 
the Port of Long Beach. Together, we consider them America’s ports. They are the largest port complex in the country. They account for about 40 per-cent of all trade that comes through this country, it comes through our ports. 
I am a big advocate for these ports. 
As the cochair of the PORTS Caucus, I am an advocate for all ports in this country because the entire port net-work, the entire network of highways, roads, bridges, and infrastructure that move freight across this country, needs some champions here in Congress. 
This freight network is important for 
moving goods across our country. It is important for small businesses, and even if you live hundreds of miles from the nearest port, whether you realize it or not, everyone depends on our ports to get the goods to the stores, to the factories, and to the businesses that many of our colleagues represent. 
Maybe you live or work in an agricul-
tural or industrial area. We know that they produce something that America exports to foreign markets. 
You may also have a direct interest 
in making sure that our freight net-work—our Nation’s transportation sys-tem—is in good condition, is modern, efficient, and safe so that cargo can travel to the ports where it is loaded on the ships to get overseas. 
I loved that in the State of the Union 
last week, President Obama said that ‘‘21st century businesses need 21st cen-tury infrastructure.’’ The deteriorating infrastructure, crumbling roads, and collapsing bridges that are part of our current national freight network are a threat to America’s prosperity and our global competitiveness. 
Policymakers here in Congress need 
to recognize the need to make repairs and upgrades, but we have been stuck on how to pay for them. 
I introduced a bill last Congress that 
I am going to reintroduce this Congress that will create a dedicated funding stream for these vital projects—and lis-ten to this—without raising taxes or imposing any additional fees. 
I have come up with an idea how to 
fund our national freight network, and I am hoping I can get broad support in this Congress. Let me repeat: it does not raise taxes one penny, and it does not increase any fees to any businesses in America. 
What it does is divert 5 percent of the 
fees that we already collect on imports in this country—money that currently goes to the U.S. Treasury’s general 
fund—and we can create a new national freight trust fund. 
We collect $39 billion a year nation-
wide in these import fees. Setting aside just 5 percent of those would give this national freight trust fund about $2 bil-lion a year that we could use to repair roads, highways, and bridges—the last mile to ease congestion into our ports across this country. Again, it is not going to raise taxes or fees. 
I know, as you mentioned, Mr. 
G
ARAMENDI , we need to pass a surface 
transportation bill. I am working with Chairman S
HUSTER and some of the 
committee members on our Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee to see if my legislation can be a part of that as a way just to fund our freight network. 
It is different than funding the high-
way trust fund, which is our normal roads and bridges. This is different. This is about the network that moves goods in this country. I hope you will support me. 
Thank you for allowing me to speak 
on this very Special Hour. This is an issue, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , I know that we 
agree on. I know that our Republican colleagues will agree with us on this. 
Maybe this is the one thing that we 
can do as a huge gift to the American people: find something in a bipartisan way, some common ground that we agree on, that will really repair infra-structure and create good jobs here in America. I think this is an issue that will, I believe, make the American peo-ple happy. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you so very 
much, Ms. H
AHN. The proposal that you 
put forward almost seems magical. If it was magic, you would have figured it out—and you did—but to use money that is already going into the general fund and divert it back to what it was really intended to—that is the en-hancement of our ports—is entirely 
sensible. 
I suppose that I am a coauthor. Ms. HAHN. I am sure you are. If you 
are not, you will be. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I am sure I will be. The rest of the story that we have is 
that we need to take a look at our transportation infrastructure specifi-cally in a very holistic, universal way. It does us no good to improve the inter-state highway system when the link between the ports and the interstate highway system doesn’t work. 
For example, I–10 in southern Cali-
fornia that you and I know so very well is the way you get out of those two ports onto the interstate highway sys-tem. It is rather inadequate. That is an example of that linkage that you are talking about. 
We have many, many more things to 
talk about here. I welcome you to stay. We will probably circle back on it. 
I see my colleague from Ohio. I think 
there are some ports in Ohio that quite possibly are in M
ARCY KAPTUR ’s dis-
trict. 
Ms. K APTUR , if you would join us on 
this issue of infrastructure and jobs and making it in America. Ms. KAPTUR. What a pleasure it is 
to join you this evening, and thank you for your continuing leadership on jobs, infrastructure—jobs in America, not outsourcing our jobs elsewhere—and to also be joined by Congresswoman H
AHN, such an incredible leader who 
has made such a difference not just in California, but in communities across this country. 
We really appreciate everything that 
she has done legislatively over these last 5 years to help our ports develop, to connect rail to ports, highway to rail. It is really amazing what her lead-ership has done in forming the PORTS Caucus. Thank you very much, Con-gresswoman H
AHN. 
I rise this evening to join both of 
you. Obviously, I am in a different part of the country, but we understand what it means to Make It In America. I think the last company in Washington, D.C., our Nation’s Capital, was the old Government Printing Office that used to print some of its goods here, but it doesn’t anymore. 
To Make It In America creates jobs 
here, and what is interesting to look at, Congressman G
ARAMENDI talks 
about the transportation and infra-structure bill. No bill that this Con-gress could pass would create more jobs than that bill. We hope to have it cleared. 
I know Chairman S
HUSTER and Rank-
ing Member D EFAZIO are working very 
hard on that. I know Members like Congressman G
ARAMENDI are helping 
lift them across the finish line. 
The Make It In America agenda will 
create tens of thousands of jobs across this country. Look at every commu-nity you go to, and look at what is un-finished. Old bridges are falling down. There used to be a song, ‘‘London Bridge is Falling Down.’’ Well, I think they are falling down in America now. Highways are not complete. We have old airports. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Speaking of 
bridges falling down, this is the Inter-state 5 bridge in northern Washington State that fell down 2 years ago. Inter-state 5 is the main intercontinental highway from Mexico to Canada through California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington. It created a bit of a traffic jam when it went down. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I can only imagine. We 
have so many unmet needs in my own community that spans a river called the Maumee River, the largest river that flows into the Great Lakes. 
We built a new bridge, but the chal-
lenge there today is with the weather. Ice is forming on the tensile spans, and they have had to close the bridge for 3 or 4 days at a time, for fear that these ice plates will fall on trucks and cars. We have to fix this problem. 
All these issues are all over the coun-
try, so the transportation and infra-structure bill is essential. I thought in discussing this tonight that I would put a couple of really important figures on the R
ECORD . 
Congresswoman H AHN talked about 
ports and her championing the PORTS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H624 January 27, 2015 
Caucus here and how much gets im-
ported into our country and what gets exported. Well, here is a chart that gives you a sense of how many more imports come in here than exports go out. 
Since the mid-1970s and then the pas-
sage of NAFTA here, this represents the growing share of imports over ex-ports into our country. Since about 1975, our country has amassed $9.5 tril-lion in red ink with the world. 
That is hard to imagine for most peo-
ple, but that translates into 47.5 mil-lion lost jobs in our country just due to trade—not technology, but more im-ports coming in than exports going out. We have lost two-thirds of our manufacturing jobs. 
b1715 
So when the gentleman champions 
development in America which yields jobs in America, these are just the fig-ures relating to one country with which we have held a massive deficit since the passage of NAFTA. NAFTA passed back in 1993. Our country moved into a gigantic deficit with Mexico. 
Recently, I don’t know if the—and 
this means lost American jobs, to other places, and our people struggling, wages not rising, more part-time work, fewer benefits. 
I don’t know if the gentleman was 
able to see what happened with the re-cent Department of Transportation ruling. They gave a green light to long- haul, cross-border trucking by Mexi-can-based carriers, despite lingering safety concerns. 
It is the jobs, but it is also the safety 
that you talk about. The Department of Transportation simply looked the other way when the inspector general found serious flaws in the pilot pro-gram meant to test this new authority. 
Once again, NAFTA led to the lowest 
common denominator for the con-tinent. Foreign corporate interests trump the safety of the American peo-ple. And we know that flawed trade deals cost us jobs. They harm our econ-omy, and they put people at risk on both sides of the border. 
So it is time to start fixing the dam-
age, not creating more. I thank the gentleman for allowing us the time to express our views this evening. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you so very 
much, Ms. K
APTUR . 
You notice our Make It In America 
agenda, they have trade up here at the top, and you very well pointed out the problems that occur with an unfair trade deal, NAFTA being but one. 
At this moment, the President has 
asked us, Members of Congress, to pass what is known as the Fast Track, which basically gives authority to the President to cut a deal and then bring it to Congress, and we don’t get to amend it. It is either an up-or-down vote. They say that is the only way they can negotiate. 
Well, if that is so, then that is no 
way to negotiate because we are the representatives—actually the Constitu-tion very clearly leaves to Congress the 
issue of international trade negotia-tions. 
It is our responsibility, and I am not 
about to find a situation in which we give to the administration unfettered authority to cut a deal on inter-national trade when you consider what happened with NAFTA, when you con-sider some of the other trade deals that have hollowed out the American manu-facturing sector. 
You put that chart up so very clear. 
Associated with that chart are real lives, real middle class families. We had just over 19 million middle class families in manufacturing in 1990. It went down to just over 10 million as a result of these trade deals that you talked about. We are now beginning to come back up, principally because of cheap energy in the United States, nat-ural gas specifically. So we have got a ways to go here. 
We need to be really, really careful, 
as Members of Congress, representa-tives of the American people, that we don’t give away even more American jobs. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Yes, I thank the gen-
tleman so much for pointing that out. 
You know, when the administration 
and others talk about this latest NAFTA deal, they are calling it the TPP now. They always give it initials or something—NAFTA, CAFTA, KORUS—it is always initials so the American people really can’t quite un-derstand what all that is about. 
This one they are calling TPP. Mr. GARAMENDI. The Trans-Pacific 
Partnership. 
Ms. KAPTUR. And the last deal we 
had was Korea. With Korea they prom-ised, they said, we will be able to sell 50,000 American cars in Korea. 
Well, what has happened is they have 
sold, the Koreans have sold 500,000 here. We never got the 50,000 in there, didn’t get it—closed market, deal not kept. 
I have a bill that I have introduced in 
several Congresses called the Bal-ancing Trade Act, which basically says to the executive branch, for any coun-try with which the United States has amassed a $10 billion trade deficit, let’s go back and figure out what is the problem? Why do we have a deficit rather than a balance or a surplus? And before we pass any more trade deals, fix that first. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Well, one of the 
problems—we spent a lot of time talk-ing about this 2 years ago, and it has dropped off the discussion table, al-though it should come back—is the ma-nipulation of the Chinese currency so that China is able to maintain a very, very significant trade advantage vis-a- vis the United States by the pricing of the Chinese currency. Grossly unfair, something that we need, as representa-tives of the American people and the middle class and the manufacturing sector, to forcefully address in legisla-tion such as you have just described, where the administration is required to look at the problem, and then make 
suggestions, or correct the problem if it does not take an act of Congress. 
We just can’t give it away. We are 
talking about American jobs. We are talking about the middle class. 
The President stood here less than 10 
days ago in his State of the Union and talked about the middle class. He called it a middle class economic pol-icy—absolutely correct. 
But, at the same time, this trade 
issue intervenes in that program and, quite likely, will further harm the mid-dle class by hollowing out the Amer-ican manufacturing sector. So let’s be careful here about these trade deals. 
You talked about the transportation 
from Mexico. A few years back, I was the insurance commissioner in Cali-fornia, elected by the people of Cali-fornia, and we were discussing with Mexico the insurance on those trucks that, under NAFTA, were supposed to come into the United States. 
At that time, and hopefully this has 
been solved—I am not the insurance commissioner now, but I remember very well—we were unable to develop with Mexico an insurance policy in Mexico that would transfer into the United States and cover these trucks that were in the United States. They said it wasn’t necessary. 
Well, my staff and I looked at the de-
tails of the insurance and we said, this isn’t worthy insurance. This isn’t going to protect somebody that is run over by a Mexican truck. So we demanded, and at that time, we actually stalled. 
But it appears now that the Depart-
ment of Transportation is moving for-ward, and I surely hope that this insur-ance issue has been solved. 
Now, if I might go back to a little bit 
of infrastructure and the transpor-tation issue, as we pointed out in our discussion thus far, we have to come to grips, within the next 3 months, with a new transportation, surface transpor-tation program for the United States. 
And these are real jobs. For every 
billion dollars—again, this comes from Duke University, which produced this report, ‘‘Infrastructure Investment Creates American Jobs’’—the Duke Center on Globalization, Governance and Competitiveness, in their sum-mary, they point out that for every bil-lion dollars invested in transportation infrastructure, there are 21,671 jobs cre-ated. 
For every dollar invested in transpor-
tation infrastructure, $3.54 is returned to the economy. 
I have one of those little charts here. 
This is an older study. I used this 2 years ago. I am going to have to re-write this because this one says, for every dollar invested in infrastructure investment, $1.57 is pumped into the American economy. That came from Mark Zandi. But this now is 3 years old. 
This new study by Duke University 
indicates that this number, $1.57, really ought to be $3.54. So, wait a minute, fellows. This is even better. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H625 January 27, 2015 
So let’s get this transportation bill 
done. Let’s pump it into the economy. And if we just met the minimum needs, as we see them today, it is about $111 billion a year for the next 5 years that we should spend on this infrastructure for transportation. 
That is a lot of money. But even $100 
billion, we would find that we would create 2,470,000 jobs. That is 58 percent more jobs than the current funding level would provide and over $400 bil-lion in total economic impact. 
So if we want to build the economy, 
if we really want middle class jobs, we would pass a very robust surface trans-portation program so that the ports, as Ms. H
AHN talked about, so that the 
highways and the trade programs that you talked about, so that all those things could come together, and we could really jump-start the economy and provide that middle class economic impact that all of us are now talking about, including the President. So this could be done, and we fully intend to do it. 
I want to pick up another piece. If 
you would like to join our—to come back into our discussion, Ms. K
APTUR , 
please do. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Well, I wanted to di-
vert just a moment, if I could, to tell the story of one valiant American who is a very hardworking American, and when we don’t make it in America, what happens to our people. 
And I want to encourage citizens who 
may be listening to call their Member of Congress if they have a story like this from someone in their family, to please share it with us so that we can be a voice for these families across our country who have been harmed and are waiting for a transportation bill to be passed so they can go to work rebuild-ing America but, meanwhile, being hurt by international trade agreements that have outsourced their jobs. 
Tonight, I would like to tell, very 
briefly, the story of Richard Hahn, a tradesman from northern Ohio whose job was outsourced to Mexico, one of the countries we talked about, and whose current job faces new trade threats as foreign steel floods our mar-ket. 
Richard Hahn spent a long career 
with York International as an elec-trician, 23 years to be exact. He rose through the ranks to the status of 100th in seniority from his dedication and commitment to York Inter-national. 
But in 2001, York International 
closed its Elyria, Ohio, facility and moved production to Monterrey, Mex-ico, leaving 900 workers without work, without a paycheck, without any as-sistance to move on. 
After uprooting production to Mex-
ico, York reached status as the world’s largest independent manufacturer of air-conditioning, heating, and refrig-eration machinery, and this left it as a prime buy for Johnson Controls, which acquired the company in 2005. 
Mr. Hahn and many of his colleagues 
were given no training or retraining to find a replacement job, but York Inter-
national continued to thrive. Its parent company, Johnson Controls, even con-tinues to receive Department of De-fense contracts to manufacture the same air-conditioning, heating, and re-frigeration machinery. 
For nearly a year, Mr. Hahn was 
forced to accept unemployment as he desperately sought work in Elyria, Ohio. Many of his 900 colleagues moved their families out of Ohio, not finding any hope for reemployment in their hometown where they wanted to stay. 
Fast forward, a little over a decade 
now, and Mr. Hahn is facing the trade theft of his job all over again. Al-though currently employed with U.S. Steel as an electrician, his and 614 col-leagues’ positions are under threat of layoff. U.S. Steel will have to idle its plant in coming months because they cannot continue to secure contracts to keep it running. 
They have had international trade 
complaints about foreign-dumped steel and, unfortunately, Mr. Hahn’s story is not unique. In fact, he said, his story is depicted best by quoting Billy Joel: ‘‘We’re all waiting here in Allentown, but it sure is getting hard to stay.’’ 
The promise of jobs and lives better 
than your parents’ is dissolving, and free trade deals are to blame for the shuttered factories. 
Millions of Americans from across 
this great land have lived their own tale, in their own Allentown, and I en-courage them to write or call their Member of Congress, just as Richard Hahn has bravely shared his story with me. 
Tell us, tell the Members how trade 
has impacted your life and your ability to provide for your families. The more stories we receive from the American people, the more tales we can tell here on this floor and work with Congress-man G
ARAMENDI to free our Nation 
from these flawed deals and make goods in America again so that our people can lead a decent way of life and not have their futures taken from them. 
So I wanted to thank the gentleman 
for holding this Special Order tonight. I used Mr. Hahn as an example of some-one who has the finest work ethic, so highly trained, struggling out there to try to maintain work. It shouldn’t be this hard in the greatest nation in the world. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you so 
very, very much for bringing to our at-tention one of your constituents who faced this situation. There were 8 mil-lion other American workers who found themselves unemployed as these trade deals went into effect and Amer-ican jobs moved to Mexico, to China, and other places around the world. So we must focus on Mr. Hahn and on those who share that. 
b1730 
Earlier, I think before you actually 
came in, I talked about steel. Again, this article was from Duke University, and they have a chapter here, ‘‘A Tale 
Two of Bridges.’’ One is the San Fran-cisco/Oakland Bay Bridge—they have the Chinese flag behind the bridge— built with Chinese steel, almost a $7 billion project, of which $3.9 billion was over budget. It was 12 years late. There were 3,000 Chinese workers hired. Very serious questions have been raised about the quality of the construction. 
The State of New York, the Tappan 
Zee Bridge, built with U.S. steel. The total project cost $3.9 billion. 7,728 workers were hired, and it is designed to last for 100 years without major maintenance. There is Mr. Hahn’s job. It is that U.S. steel, made in America. 
I very quickly want to give two ex-
amples of where Make It In America really, really counts. This is one I have often used. This is near my district—in fact, about a mile or two from my dis-trict in Sacramento, California. 
In the stimulus bill, in 2009, there 
was a provision for some $600 million, $700 million for Amtrak to buy new lo-comotives for the east coast here. This is an electric locomotive. There was a sentence added to that $600 million, $700 million law for it to be 100 percent American made. 
Now, nobody was making loco-
motives in the United States at the time, nobody. But Siemens, a German company, looked at it and goes, 70, 80 locomotives; a $600 million, $700 mil-lion contract; made in America—we could do that. So the German com-pany, Siemens, used a plant that they had in Sacramento that was making light railcars and said: Okay. We are going to make light railcars, and we are going to make locomotives. 
They are now producing the loco-
motives 100 percent American made. Hundreds of jobs in the Sacramento area. And then all across America, there are manufacturers that are mak-ing the wheels, probably making the doorknobs or the system that attaches to the electrical line overhead. 
Made in America. Why? Because Con-
gress wrote a law—by the way, no Re-publicans voted for it; this was the stimulus bill—made a law that said it must be 100 percent American made. 
I don’t have a picture. I wish I did. If 
I had thought about it earlier, I would have brought one. 
We are now in the process of deciding 
how much of our natural gas we are going to export. It is called liquefied natural gas, LNG, liquefied natural gas. There is an export plant, a $20 bil-lion export plant built on the gulf coast in Texas, owned by a company called Cheniere. They are 3, 5 months away from the first export of that nat-ural gas. There is a lot of discussion about how much we can export without driving up the price, and that would be very harmful to American consumers— home heating, manufacturing, and the like. But what they do export will take 100 ships to export from that single ex-port terminal, 100 ships. 
And I am going: Let me see now. Nat-
ural gas is a strategic national asset 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H626 January 27, 2015 
that has allowed for a reduction in the 
cost of energy in the United States, ex-tremely important. American mariners are absolutely essential to our national defense, as are the domestic ships. Thirdly, the shipyards are essential for the U.S. Navy. These are three stra-tegic assets that the United States has. 
I proposed an amendment last night 
in the Rules Committee that almost was adopted that said, if we are going to export a strategic national asset, then let us also build two additional strategic assets. The mariners, the cap-tains, the mates, the seamen, let them participate in this export of natural gas, and let’s build the ships in Amer-ica. 
There are five terminals that are 
presently authorized for construction. Cheniere has completed a second ter-minal of about the same size. It is going in near Corpus Christi, Texas. And there are three others. So we may be talking somewhere between 300 to 400 ships needed to export a strategic national asset. 
So my legislation would say, okay, 
then let us enhance our Nation’s secu-rity by building those ships in Amer-ica. We are talking about hundreds of thousands of American jobs in our shipyards, in our manufacturing facili-ties in Ohio, building the pumps and the pipes and the valves and the com-pressors that are necessary. This is a big, big deal. And while we guarantee those jobs for the American shipyards, we also strengthen the U.S. Navy’s ability to build ships at a reasonable cost. 
We could do it. We could actually do 
this with one simple piece of legisla-tion that isn’t more than 20 lines long. Now, that is exciting. 
Trains, planes, ships. It is in Amer-
ica’s future. It has been in our past. And it is the policies, the policies of the American Government, that set these in place and in motion. 
Isn’t that exciting? We can do that, 
Ms. K
APTUR . We can do that. And we 
can move production to Ohio manufac-turing, the shipyards on the gulf coast, the east coast, and the west coast. It is all there for us. 
Ms. KAPTUR. That is really exciting, 
Congressman G
ARAMENDI . And when 
you think about our strategic reserve in terms of the military, if America en-ters conflicts, often we don’t have those fleets within the Department of Defense. We have to lease them from the private sector. So we would mod-ernize that capacity for our country in the event it would be needed. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Exactly so. Ex-
actly so. It is absolutely critical to our national defense that we have a strong maritime industry. We used to have the biggest maritime industry in the world. We have just given it away for many, many different reasons. But it can be rebuilt. 
I want to give one more example, and 
then I am going to wrap. And if you would like to participate in the wrap, then we can do that. At this moment, Amtrak is out with 
a request for a proposal to build 30, 33 new trains, high-speed rail trains for the northeast corridor, from Wash-ington, D.C., to Boston, high-speed trains that can go 160, 200 miles an hour, reducing the commute time. That request for a proposal to manu-facturers around the world is coupled with a waiver of the Buy America re-quirements. We are talking about hun-dreds of millions of dollars of American taxpayer money and a waiver of the Buy America requirements because Amtrak said they don’t build them in the United States. Well, that is true. We don’t build high-speed rail in the United States, and we never will if we give waivers. 
But if we set in place a solid require-
ment that American taxpayer money is going to be spent on American-made equipment, we will build in the United States facilities to manufacture high- speed rail. The same thing applies in California with the California high- speed rail system. 
In our future, we will have high-speed 
rail. The question for us in our policy debates is: In our future, will those high-speed rail trains be built in Amer-ica, or will they be built in China or Korea or Japan or Europe? 
I want them to succeed. But, by God, 
I want America to succeed, too. And I know that if we stick to this Make It In America agenda, we will rebuild the American middle class. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I want to say, Con-
gressman G
ARAMENDI , you are such a 
leader for jobs in America. I am sure your constituents are cheering not just tonight but every day for you and for your work here. You keep the Congress focused, both sides of the aisle, on Make It In America, on trade, taxes, energy, labor, education, research, in-frastructure, and, over them all, jobs. 
As we close this evening, let me say, 
this is what the trade deficit looks like today when we know we aren’t build-ing, whether it is tubes or whether it is trains or whether it is enough trucks in this country, cars. Imagine if we were to turn it the other way and America started making it in America and ex-porting to the world rather than the re-verse. We would have such an economic recovery, it would astound the Amer-ican people. It is amazing what we have been able to retain, even with this hemorrhage that has occurred over the last three decades. 
Thank you for drawing our attention 
to the importance of transportation and infrastructure as a key job creator in this country. If we could pass that bill early this year, what we would do for this economy, and add Buy America provisions to several of the bills that will be coming before us. I will join you in that effort. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. It is exciting, Ms. 
K
APTUR . It is very, very exciting that a 
policy statement, a law put forth by 435 of us here and 100 over in the Sen-ate can really dramatically alter America’s economy and do it in a way that doesn’t really cost us more money 
but simply requires that our tax dol-lars be spent on American-made equip-ment so that American workers can prosper. 
Now, if somebody wants to go out 
and use their own tax dollars to buy goods from China, that is their busi-ness. Fine, go do it. But if it is your tax dollars and my tax dollars, then it ought to be made in America. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for the time. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OUR LAW 
ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. R
EICHERT ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to take some time on the floor of the United States Congress—the House of Representatives, to be specific—to honor and recognize the service of our law enforcement agencies across this great country. 
You know, we have been dealing with 
the reactions from the tragic death of Michael Brown last August. Almost continually, every week, we hear of some tragic death, a shooting incident across this country. And we all under-stand and realize that all loss of life is a tragedy, but there has been an out-break of violence across this great country that is equally disturbing, re-sulting in the brutal assassination of two law enforcement officers just be-fore Christmas. 
Mr. Speaker, I was a law enforcement 
officer for 33 years in King County, which is a county in Seattle, Wash-ington. I started when I was 21 years old in 1972. I worked in a police car, and I was a detective. I worked the street undercover for a short time. I never knew when I left home if I would see my family, when would be the next time that I would see my wife, my chil-dren. When I told them good-bye for a day at the office, I didn’t know if I was coming back home and neither did they. But every law enforcement offi-cer across this great country lives with that knowledge, and every family member lives with that fear. 
I have missed holidays, birthdays, 
anniversaries. I would be called out in the middle of the day or the middle of the night or on the weekend. I remem-ber one day missing my daughter’s birthday. On Christmas Eve, I remem-ber driving around in the middle of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H627 January 27, 2015 
night patrolling, while others had their 
relatives parked in their driveways; and they were in, sharing Christmas dinner and presents with their family and friends. 
But once a cop, always a cop, 24 
hours a day, 7 days a week. I have been in Congress for 10 years, but I was a cop for 33 years. 
A lot of people think ‘‘cop’’ is a de-
rogatory remark, but it is actually a badge of honor. I was the sheriff for the last 8 years of my career. One thing I said when I left, if the members of the King County Sheriff’s Office, which are nearly 1,100—it is the 12th largest sher-iff’s office in the country—said that D
AVEREICHERT was a great cop, that is 
what meant the world to me. 
b1745 
If they said I was a good sheriff, that 
was icing on the cake, but I just want-ed to be known as a good cop working my district and my beat and doing the job that I was trained to do and serving the public. 
Police officers do what they do be-
cause they care. They go to work every day because they want to save lives, not to take lives. They put up with rid-icule and harassment, assaults, and even the ultimate sacrifice—death—al-ways facing dangerous situations, put-ting their lives between their commu-nities—the public—and danger. 
Sometimes, as I said, the ultimate 
sacrifice is made. During my career, I lost a partner and a good friend who was shot and killed in 1982. In 1984, I lost another partner and a good friend who was stabbed to death with a sword. 
These men died serving and pro-
tecting their community, but they left behind family. They left behind sons, daughters, spouses, orphaned children, and widowed. The men and women who keep us safe find themselves in life- and-death situations far too often. In many instances, Mr. Speaker, taking down a bad guy means losing a good guy too. 
Life-and-death situations are never 
easy. I remember one instance that I was working plainclothes and went in with a group of my team of officers on a drug search warrant. I was the ser-geant leading that team. 
My assignment was to go in the front 
door, turn to the right, and make sure that the bathroom in that small apart-ment was secure. We went in the front door. I kicked in the bathroom door, and I found a person sitting on the toi-let. 
As he stood, he revealed that he had 
a rubber band around his bicep and a heroin needle stuck in his arm. I could see that his eyes were glazed over. I told him to raise his hands; instead of doing that, he grabbed a gun. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I could have shot 
that man. In a split second, he grabbed a gun, and my life was in danger, but I had a feeling I could talk him out of that gun. I just had a feeling I could reason with this man, even though he was high on heroin. I didn’t shoot, and I was able to talk 
him out of his gun. In fact, he dropped it in the toilet. What would you do, Mr. Speaker, if you were standing there with that decision? In an instant, you had to make a decision: shoot or don’t shoot. 
Our men and women who wear uni-
forms every day have to make that split-second decision. Now, they don’t always make the right decision, but more often than not, they do. The men and women in uniform across this country are human beings, and they make mistakes, as we all do; we need to understand that. 
When the mistakes are made, police 
officers expect to have scrutiny ap-plied. They expect oversight, they ex-pect to have the action they took re-viewed, reviewed, and reviewed, and they respect the rule of law, the proc-ess of the review, the investigation, and the judicial process that needs to take place. 
As all Americans across this country, 
we need to recognize that process too. Reacting to bad situations by dis-regarding the rule of law only makes things worse in this Nation. It creates harm in our communities, rather than harmony. Everyone must come to-gether. 
Communities and law enforcement 
should be partners, protecting our fam-ilies. Communities and law enforce-ment should be partners. Just as I was a partner with my partners that I spoke about earlier, communities should be our partner, law enforce-ment’s partner. 
What do good partners do? They trust 
each other. Communities must trust their police department. The police de-partment and the sheriff’s office must trust the community, work with one another, and depend on one another. 
I think, Mr. Speaker, if we do that, if 
we can stop for a moment, listen to the facts, and respect the law that exists here in the United States of America— the greatest country in the world— yeah, we are not perfect, but we have the best system. 
If we all come together and recognize 
we have the best system—and where it needs to be changed, let’s change it— but as the process goes through, let’s respect it. If we do that together, Mr. Speaker, we can continue to live in the greatest country in this world. 
I want to conclude my opening state-
ments just by saying that I really think it is important for us across this Nation to pause and remember to thank our law enforcement officers. 
Every time we see a cop, let’s say 
thank you. It is just one of ways that we can support them and show that support, but I think, even more impor-tantly, let’s pray for them and pray for their families, but let’s also pray for the communities that they serve, that the communities see the tough job they have to do and the sacrifices they make. 
Pray for peace, understanding, co-
operation, trust, and let’s pray, Mr. Speaker, that we have a partner in 
each other, a partner that we can trust that will back us up. Law enforcement backing up the community and the community backing up the police offi-cers, that is where I would like to see this go, Mr. Speaker. 
We have some other Members here 
tonight who want to share their com-ments about their community and their relationship with law enforce-ment. 
I yield to the gentleman from Ala-
bama (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
Mr. BYRNE. I thank my colleague, 
the gentleman, and I thank you for the time, but I thank you most of all for your service to the people of your com-munity and what you have done for them and your proxy for hundreds of thousands of law enforcement officers that do that day in and day out, and we take them for granted. 
I am glad you brought up the subject 
of families because we sometimes for-get that these law enforcement officers have families. They have husbands, wives, mothers, fathers, sons, daugh-ters, and friends. 
Literally, when they go out every 
day, those people and their family and their friends are not certain they will come back. How many of us, when we go off to work, our family and friends think, ‘‘Well, he may not come back’’? What a terrible thing that must be, how difficult that is for the family. 
My grandfather was a sheriff in Mo-
bile County in Alabama in the twenties and thirties. I wasn’t alive during that point in time, but I remember my fa-
ther telling stories about that. 
When his father would go out at 
night and they had to do things on pa-trol or to go out and apprehend some-body who committed a crime and how upset it would leave him as a child thinking: Where is my dad going? Is he going to be okay? We take that for granted, but the families don’t take that for granted because they have to live with it day in and day out. 
We so often think of law enforcement 
officers in terms of how they relate to a criminal. Well, oftentimes, the most important person or persons they are relating with are victims. 
They are the protectors—in some 
cases, the saviors—of victims, people who are getting ready to be hurt by a criminal, and—but for a law enforce-ment officer—they would be hurt and maybe even killed. 
Those law enforcement officers rush 
into an inherently dangerous situation to keep those people from harm and maybe even save them from death. It may be a phone call that goes to 911 in the dead of night, a woman screaming into the phone: My husband has a gun, and he is going to use it against me. 
A law enforcement officer is dis-
pensed to that environment, not know-ing in that highly emotionally charged moment whether that gun is going to be used on him or the person he has come to save. 
Mr. Speaker, time and time again, 
law enforcement officers find a way to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H628 January 27, 2015 
defuse that situation. No one is hurt, 
the person that is about to commit a crime is apprehended and charged with a crime less than actually hurting somebody, but a person has been saved; a person has been saved from harm or perhaps death. 
If you have ever been in that moment 
and been someone who has been a vic-tim, when a law enforcement officer comes up and saves you in that mo-ment, you realize that but for those law enforcement officers who do that day in and day out, we could all be vic-tims of a horrible crime, and we take that for granted. 
My wife, Rebecca, and I were victims 
of a violent crime. We were stopped one night by three young men who tried to rob us. They had a knife and said they had a gun. My wife was pregnant. They took our jewelry and then threw her to the ground which could have not only hurt her, but hurt the baby. 
Fortunately, some of the people in-
volved with the main perpetrator real-ized it was time to run, and as they did, we could scream out. As we screamed out, neighbors called the police. They came very quickly. 
I can tell you when you are in that 
moment and you feel that sense of fear because people have weapons that they want to use against you and they have already used physical violence against you, when that squad car comes up and the man or men or women in uniform step out, you feel safe. 
When they step out of that squad car, 
they are not safe because they have to go out. Their official duty is to try to apprehend that person and do whatever it takes to protect the rest of us. We take that for granted, and we should never, ever take that for granted. 
Mr. Speaker, last year, over 100 law 
enforcement officers in the United States lost their lives in the line of duty. So far in this young year in the United States already, nine law en-forcement officers have lost their lives in the line of duty. 
One of them was lost last night in my 
home county, Baldwin County, Ala-bama, a police officer—a fine police of-ficer—with the city of Loxley, and we take that for granted. He got in his car at the beginning of the day, kissed his wife, went to work, and didn’t come home. 
Mr. Speaker, I hope we in America 
can use times like this to remember what we gain from people who put on the uniform of law enforcement to serve us and to protect us. ‘‘Serve and protect,’’ that is the motto. 
All of us tonight, millions of us as 
Americans tonight will go to bed, will put our heads on that pillow, and will go to sleep safe, knowing that these men and women are patrolling the streets of our country to keep danger away from us. 
Before we go to sleep every night, 
perhaps we should do one more thing: let’s say a little prayer for those men and women who patrol the streets of our country to protect all of us and maintain the quality of life that we all 
too often take for granted. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman 
for this time tonight, your service to your community and to our country, and hope you will continue to remind us in the days to come of what we owe to the men and women that wear law enforcement uniforms throughout America. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for his kind comments and for being here tonight to share his support of our law enforcement officers across this great Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield to 
Mr. G
OODLATTE . 
Mr. GOODLATTE. I want to thank 
Congressman R EICHERT not only for 
yielding me the time, but also for his service as a law enforcement officer be-
cause when he speaks on the floor of the House on behalf of our Nation’s law enforcement officers—the men and women who put their lives on the line every day—he speaks from personal ex-perience. I have heard those experi-ences a number of times, and I thank you for that. 
There are others here in the Con-
gress, Mr. Speaker, who have served in law enforcement, and we thank them as well. I am particularly pleased that Dave is hosting this Special Order to-night to show our respect and deep gratitude for the thousands of law en-forcement officers across the country who serve our communities and the American people daily. 
Mr. Speaker, our Nation was founded 
on the rule of law, and every day, law enforcement officers carry out this leg-acy. They protect our neighborhoods from criminals, fight crime, ensure jus-tice, and keep the peace. They patrol neighborhoods late at night and early in the morning while we sleep in the comforts of our homes. 
Since 9/11, our Nation’s law enforce-
ment officers are now the first to re-spond to terrorist attacks. On that tragic day nearly 14 years ago, NYPD officers and other first responders were running into the crumbling towers to save people as everyone else was run-ning out. 
In 2010, an NYPD officer was the first 
one on the scene when a terrorist at-tempted to ignite a car bomb in Times Square. 
b1800 
The same was true during the Boston 
Marathon bombings in April 2013. The Boston police responded immediately to aid the wounded and implement emergency plans. 
Sadly, many law enforcement have 
made the ultimate sacrifice on our be-half. Last year alone, 120 law enforce-ment officers died in the line of duty, including three from the Common-wealth of Virginia. These are sober re-minders that our Nation’s law enforce-ment professionals face danger every day as they carry out their duty to pro-tect the American people. 
As chairman of the House Judiciary 
Committee, I have the privilege to work with Federal law enforcement 
agencies. All too often, we fail to rec-ognize how the dedicated men and women of law enforcement make sac-rifices—some sacrificing their lives—to preserve law and order and keep our communities, our States, and our Na-tion safe. These brave men and women are heroes and deserve to be recognized and honored for their service to our country. 
Again, I thank our law enforcement 
officer, Congressman R
EICHERT , for 
taking this time to have this law en-forcement Special Order. 
Mr. REICHERT. I thank you, Mr. 
G
OODLATTE , for your comments and for 
your hard work as the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, and I thank you for coming tonight and sharing your comments. 
Next, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-
tlewoman from Washington (Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ). I am sure she 
wants to talk about her great sheriff in Spokane. 
C
ATHY , it is good to see you. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. That is 
right, and the former great sheriff from King County, whom I have the privi-lege of serving with now in the United States House of Representatives. Thank you, Congressman R
EICHERT , for 
your leadership and your service both as sheriff and local law enforcement of-ficer, and also for bringing us together tonight. 
I see another former sheriff from 
Florida, R
ICHNUGENT . We are grateful 
for those who have served and those who currently serve. 
In our darkest hours, we turn to law 
enforcement to keep us from harm’s way. It is easy to take those who serve for granted. Tonight, I am privileged to stand here and to say thank you. Thank you for your service, thank you for your commitment, thank you for the sacrifices and all of the acts of her-oism. 
When we drop our kids off at school, 
buckle up our seat belts and hit the roads or kiss our children good night, we know that our first responders will be there if we ever need them, and they will do everything they can to keep us safe. Sometimes it is nice to know they are out there on the roads in case something happens. Our police officers and firefighters get up every morning not knowing what their day will look like, not knowing with certainty if they will be home for dinner. 
At a time when there are growing 
threats facing America, growing unrest around the world, these men and women are ready to answer the call of duty at any moment. They do it out of a great sense of service and commit-ment, to serve and to protect. Men and women in uniform across eastern Washington and throughout this coun-try put their lives on the line every day. 
In Spokane, yes, Sheriff Ozzie 
Knezovich and Police Chief Frank Straub, we are so grateful for their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H629 January 27, 2015 
leadership, effective leadership, bring-
ing down overall crime rates. It is real-ly a testament to them. I actually have the privilege of working with 10 sher-iffs in eastern Washington who are hav-ing a tremendous impact on keeping our communities safe. 
Their families, too, take on tremen-
dous sacrifices for it is their loved ones who go out into the streets to keep us safe. These are husbands, wives, moms, and dads whose sense of honor and whose commitment to our country is worthy of our profound gratitude. For in America, we are blessed to live in a nation whose law enforcement officers will do everything they can to keep us safe. 
So I thank those who serve in eastern 
Washington and all across the country for serving. These men and women de-serve our respect, our thanks, and they deserve a lifetime of appreciation. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
C
ATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS for her com-
ments and her support of law enforce-ment officers and sheriffs that she works with. 
Ten years ago—well, a little longer 
ago than that—I was the president of the Washington State Sheriffs Associa-tion, and so I had the opportunity to work with all of the sheriffs and police chiefs in Washington State. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT). 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman from Washington State for yielding to me, and I thank him for his very distinguished career in law en-forcement for all of those 30-plus years. He had a great reputation, served hon-orably, and was involved in some very high-profile cases that are, I think, worthy of a lot of discussion. 
I wanted to take time today to ex-
press my strong support for the brave men and women who serve on our Na-tion’s Federal, State, and local law en-forcement agencies. Particularly, I would like to honor two New York City police officers, Officers Ramos and Liu, who were brutally slain in an ambush on December 20, targeted simply be-cause they wore the New York Police Department uniform. 
Officer Ramos was a devoted husband 
and the father of two young children. He had just celebrated his 40th birth-day. Officer Liu, who married just 3 months ago, leaves behind his dev-astated young wife and parents. All across the Nation, the thoughts and prayers of grateful citizens go out to their families, friends, and officers who served with them. 
I live in Allentown, Pennsylvania, 
not terribly far from New York City. I have to tell you, I believe the New York City Police Department is among the finest big city police departments anywhere in the world. I remember September 11, 2001, we saw firefighters and police officers and others rush down to the Twin Towers. 
We recognized and celebrated their 
heroism because many of them gave that last full measure of devotion on that day. There was no profession more 
noble than being a police officer at that time, and particularly a New York City police officer. How times have changed in a fairly short period of time. 
This extraordinary police department 
has come under fire because they have implemented very effective police prac-tices which have been a model for the rest of the Nation, have kept crime rates low, and is something we should be celebrating, that department and the men and women who work there. It is a very diverse police department, among the most diverse anywhere. 
I would also like to point out one 
other sad tragedy that we dealt with this year in my own State. It was the beautiful fall foliage of Pennsylvania’s Pocono Mountains that was the back-drop of a horror that many north-eastern Pennsylvanians had to deal with for several weeks. 
We Pennsylvanians recently mourned 
our own loss on September 12, 2014, when State Police Corporal Bryon Dickson was murdered under what ap-pear to be similar circumstances to those in New York. He was shot to death because of the badge that he wore. 
Trooper Alex Douglass was seriously 
wounded in that same incident. We are pleased to hear that Trooper Douglass is recovering steadily, and we wish him the best in his long road to a full recov-ery. But what followed that horrific at-tack and assassination was a truly im-pressive 7-week manhunt for Eric Frein, the shooter and self-trained, self-described survivalist. 
Over 1,000 officers from State and 
local law enforcement agencies from Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York teamed with the FBI, U.S. Mar-shals Service, and ATF, and it was amazing. What we witnessed was an amazing testament to police work, which ended successfully with the sur-render of Frein, and there were no shots fired. Frein, I should note, is cur-rently standing trial. 
Police work is certainly, as Congress-
man R
EICHERT knows better than any-
one in this room, and Congressman N
UGENT , too, they know that police 
work is inherently dangerous. Officers must enforce the law in any number of difficult situations under pressures few outside the military could possibly un-derstand, from routine traffic stops to domestic violence situations to hos-tage cases to murder scenes. America’s finest must deal with it all. They de-serve our support, and they most as-suredly have mine. 
While we have recently seen a hand-
ful of high profile cases of citizens clashing with police, anyone who has ever attended a local crime watch meeting knows that police officers care deeply about the communities they serve. I have attended so many of these meetings over the years, both as a State legislator and even as a Con-gressman, numerous crime watch meetings in some pretty tough areas, and I was always so impressed with the 
way the officers immersed themselves in the daily life of the neighborhoods for which they were responsible. No problem was too small. They would deal with it. 
Now is the time for all of us to roll 
up our sleeves and work to address the underlying issues that have animated enormous emotions in communities across our country. 
I should point out, too, as a new 
member of the bipartisan House Law Enforcement Caucus, I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance Federal policy that supports all of the brave men and women who have sworn to protect and serve. 
I thank the gentleman from Wash-
ington State for putting on this hour tonight. We need to spend more time celebrating the fine men and women who serve us. 
Mr. REICHERT. I appreciate your 
comments, Mr. D
ENT. For so many of 
the words that you shared, I could make a lot of follow-up statements, but our time is limited. But I do want to focus on one of the points that you made, just briefly. 
One of the hardest things that I ever 
did in my career was in 1982 when my partner, as I mentioned earlier, was shot and killed. It was a 3-day man-hunt for the person responsible in the Cascade foothills. Finally, he was cap-tured, and I was the only homicide de-tective at the scene, and they put me in the backseat with the killer of my good friend and partner. He was hand-cuffed. 
When I got into the backseat, I read 
him his rights. He had three things to say to me. Number one, of course, he wasn’t sorry; number two, I’m thirsty; and number three, I’m hungry. I think he wanted his handcuffs loosened, too; they were too tight. So I loosened his handcuffs. We stopped at a Burger King and bought him food and got him some-thing to drink, and then, of course, he went to jail. 
But to sit in that backseat with the 
man who just took my partner’s life— my good friend, my best friend—3 days before was tough. And those are the kinds of things that cops deal with 
every day. And thank you for recog-nizing the emotional difficulty, not only for the officers, but for the com-munity. It was a heavy day, a heavy week, a heavy month for the entire community. And, of course, the family still lives on with the loss of their fa-ther and husband. 
I now yield to the gentleman from 
North Carolina (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
Mr. MEADOWS. Thank you so much 
for your leadership on this critical evening to express the will of so many Members of Congress that hopefully is the will of the American people. I thank you for your service not only here in Congress, but also for serving the people of King County as sheriff. 
Mr. Speaker, when we get to call out 
some of our dear friends who are sher-iffs or police chiefs, many times we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H630 January 27, 2015 
don’t even refer to them by name. It is 
‘‘sheriff’’ or ‘‘chief.’’ But tonight, I want to talk a little bit about what I call most of my law enforcement col-leagues in western North Carolina. I call them friends. I want to tell a few personal stories. 
Before I do that, I want to share a 
little bit about the gentleman from Washington who is leading this to-night, because it is real easy to see the professional side of a Member who serves with distinction here in this body, but sometimes the people back home miss the personal side. 
Today, we were discussing a number 
of bills on human trafficking and the unbelievable blight that is on our Na-tion and on our world where we have more people today in modern-day slav-ery than at the height of the slave trade. But it is personal for this gen-tleman to my left because time and time again, in meetings, he has brought up the plight of those young girls, their being trafficked at the hands of so many that are out there. It is that personal side that we can ap-plaud tonight, not only for my col-league, but for many of the sheriffs and chiefs that I have the honor of knowing because of being in this position. 
Mr. Speaker, I can tell story after 
story, but there is one police chief in my area who shared a story about one of his officers who was working for him who puts his life on the line every sin-gle day, and he does it for a little over $12 an hour. When I heard that, I could hardly believe it, because as we start to see the dedication with which our law enforcement officers truly put themselves out each and every day, not only them, but their families—and we expect them to come home. 
b1815 
Mr. Speaker, as has been shared pre-
viously, sometimes, they don’t come home; so we must do a better job of standing by our law enforcement offi-cers each and every day to thank them, to go out of our way, to make sure that we thank them for their service, thank their families for their sacrifice. 
There are birthday parties that are 
missed, anniversaries that are missed, dinner engagements that are missed because when the phone rings or when the call goes off or when the beeper is alert, they are always there. Not an-swering that call is not an option for them. They are always available. 
Yet in my district back in North 
Carolina, we have sheriffs who are get-ting involved to make sure that the homeless have a place, a warm bed, and a hot meal; a sheriff that has actually gone out in his community in one of my counties that makes sure that those that are in need have a place on Halloween night to come and celebrate in a safe environment; dedicated volun-teers over and over; a sheriff back home who really works tirelessly to make sure that the needs of those that are most needy in his community are taken care of—story upon story, Mr. Speaker, of people who put politics 
aside and put the interests of their community first. 
Whether it is a Democrat or Repub-
lican, they all work together to make sure that what happens is that their community is safe. 
Mr. Speaker, they have my back, and 
I think it is time that the American people stand up and have their back. We need to make sure that we stand with them. 
I thank the gentleman for his time, 
for his leadership on this issue, and for his service. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for his comments and also appreciate in the meetings and the hearings that we have been in your commitment to end—not just sort of have an impact on human trafficking, but ending, eliminating human traf-ficking in this country and across the globe. Thank you for your hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Florida (Mr. J
OLLY ). 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank my colleague from Wash-ington. 
I rise today to join my colleagues in 
paying tribute to law enforcement, rec-ognizing their service each and every day. 
I had an opportunity a few weeks ago 
on this floor to thank and to recognize my local law enforcement community, law enforcement officers, law enforce-ment leadership from Pinellas County, Florida—the cities of St. Petersburg, Clearwater, Tarpon Springs, and oth-ers—and, with Tarpon Springs, remem-ber an officer who our community lost just 4 days before Christmas, Officer Charles Kondek, whose end of watch was December 21, leaving behind a fam-ily and children. 
We can pay tribute—which we should 
and which the vast majority of Ameri-cans do every day—but we also are a Congress who must offer solutions and who must act. One of the ways in which we can act is to ensure, just as we do for our men and women of the military, that our law enforcement have the tools and technology necessary to do their job. 
While much of local law enforcement 
is, indeed, funded locally, there is a program—the 1033 program that has been debated so much during this past year—that provides equipment, protec-tive equipment, tools, and technology for our law enforcement officers to do their job. That is a Federal program that should not be controversial. 
I have introduced legislation—be-
cause we are a solutions-oriented Con-gress—to continue the 1033 program, but to simply require one thing to ad-dress the concerns of so many, and that requirement is that local law enforce-ment leadership certify before receiv-ing equipment that they have officers trained and capable of using the equip-ment. 
It is very simple. This is equipment 
that our local law enforcement officers need, and, frankly, if it is not available to them through the 1033 program, they 
will purchase it as required by their local force, and it will cost local tax-payers the money to do so. 
Here is the importance of this legis-
lation. It says two things. First, it says that this Congress, your Representa-tives, want to do our part to provide for the safety of our law enforcement officers, but, secondly, subscribe to this radical notion that should not be controversial: we trust our local law enforcement leadership to set the right policing tone and to provide for the safety of their communities while they also provide for the safety of law en-forcement officers that risk their lives every day, officers like Charles Kondek. 
I would encourage this Congress, as 
we continue to look for ways not just to pay tribute to law enforcement offi-cers, but to support the work they do every day, to consider this legislation that ensures this program will con-tinue to provide tools and technology to law enforcement officers and says: You know what, we, as a Congress, trust our law enforcement leadership back home because they know best how to provide for the safety of our commu-nities, how to set the tone of policing in our communities, and how to pro-tect our law enforcement officers. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my col-
league from Washington having this Special Order and allowing me time this evening. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for his comments and his staunch support of law enforcement and his support of 1033. We will work together on that, and I am sure other Members of Congress have an interest in working to make sure that that leg-islation gets passed. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Mr. 
L
AMALFA from California. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, thank 
you to my colleague from Washington, Mr. R
EICHERT , for this opportunity and, 
really, privilege to be able to speak about those in law enforcement that are really on duty for us every day and being able to support and show my gratitude for them across our country because we know that they are there daily to keep us safe and secure in our communities. 
They have an incredibly important 
role and a vital responsibility to up-hold our rule of law, which is the core of our Constitution and ensures every-one is accountable under the law. Ev-eryone needs to be accountable under the law. That is a huge responsibility. 
It is up to us, whether it is in Con-
gress or at the State legislative level or local government, to make sure that they have the tools that they need to do their job. In the time of budget cuts and other constraints put on them, their job gets that much harder; in-deed, sometimes, they feel handcuffed in their ability to do their work. 
When you speak to the officers some-
times—they always have an air of pro-fessionalism about them, but when you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H631 January 27, 2015 
really get down to it, sometimes, they 
don’t feel very appreciated and that they don’t have the tools to do what they need because of things sometimes the government does or frivolous law-suits, for example. 
We even sometimes see our elected 
officials participating in vilifying our people in law enforcement. That is really, really irresponsible because we are all in this together, us as law-makers and those in the executive branch down to our beat officer that has that responsibility. We are sup-
posed to work together in upholding the law and making sure they have the tools, as well as providing oversight. 
We want to make sure everybody is 
behaving the way they should, but as we see so hyped lately with a tiny, tiny minority of incidents out there com-pared to the contacts—I heard a sta-tistic the other day, much less than 1 percent of contacts that officers have with the public results in any kind of physical action needed, much less than 1 percent; yet you would think, from all the hype, from all the media, it was a much higher number than that. 
The vast majority of it is an officer 
helping you out. You have brushes with the law here and there, but they are very professional in what they do. What you really need to do is step into their shoes for a minute, think about where they have come from to get where they are. 
They had to have a very clean record 
to get through background to be ac-cepted into academy and be accepted into whatever force that they are working in. It is a high bar. You can’t have a bad record in your background. They have chosen to come forward and put themselves at risk. 
Look what they go through each day 
in their jobs if they have made it through academy and were brought on to a force. If they are called into a situ-ation, they don’t really have the option of saying: No, I am not going to go. 
If someone has called from a home, 
they have a domestic problem, what have you, they have got to get to a so-lution because someone’s lives may be at stake inside that home, even though there might be something outside that would make you or I uncomfortable, a mean dog in the yard or some char-acters hanging around outside that you wouldn’t normally want to deal with. They have to get to a solution on that because somebody called them, some-body dialed 911, and we expect that they are going to get to a solution. 
Officers have to go into every situa-
tion prepared for the worst because it could mean their life, maybe their partner’s life, or someone else in a vul-
nerable situation that has called upon them. 
If you think about being in their 
shoes, we all have a responsibility to make their jobs simpler. It could even help us in not being in a mistaken situ-ation because they have to plan for the worst and hope for the best. 
I can certainly feel for them in that 
they might be a little stressed on every call, every car they might pull over for 
speeding or a broken taillight or hav-ing to answer to someone’s household or even a bigger deal like a bank rob-bery. 
They have to be prepared every mo-
ment because it is their life or the other lives around them. They have to have the protocol and the training to know how to handle that situation just right. 
When you look at that high bar, you 
look at the amount of stress that they are going through to do that, they do an amazing, remarkable job of getting it right; so we need to give them a lit-tle grace, a little room to do their job as best they can. 
Then we have a responsibility as reg-
ular citizens to make their job easier. If they ask for your driver’s license and ID, just give it to them. If they ask you to stay in the car so that they can see where your hands are and stuff—they don’t know who else is in that car— make it where they can do their job, and you are going to have a heck of a lot better interaction with them. 
Use basic common sense. There are 
instructions out there how to get along with that. I have even seen comedians out there saying how not to get in trouble with the police. 
Pay attention to the common sense 
on that because we need them more so than ever in a country that is becom-ing less and less safe, it seems, from outside threats, as well as people with-in that don’t seem to understand the rule of law and sometimes governing officials that don’t seem to care about upholding it. We all have the responsi-bility as citizens. 
Those costs have been high because, 
in the previous year, well over 100 offi-cers have been lost in the line of duty— and that is tragic—trying to defend us. 
I am glad to be able to stand here 
today with my colleague from Wash-ington to recognize their bravery, their 
devotion, and for all of us to remember how to make their job a little bit easi-er. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for his comments in support. 
There are a couple of things that he 
mentioned. One, some of those acts that police officers do each and every day to help families—people don’t hear about those officers that buy groceries for families that are less fortunate. 
I know when I worked on the Green 
River task force and working with fam-ilies that had missing daughters or had lost their daughter to—I am not even going to mention his name—the mon-ster serial killer from Seattle, deliv-ering Christmas presents to those fami-lies, money out of their own pocket or time out of their own time in building a new bicycle for some young brother of one of the victims. 
Those are things that the community 
in a neighborhood might hear about, but you never see on the news, you never see publicized, and you never really hear about it, so I appreciate that. The second thing the gentleman men-
tioned was training, and I really be-lieve that that is one of the things that we can do to help law enforcement offi-cers across this country. 
The National Blue Alert Act is an-
other piece of legislation that we, I think, can work together to pass. It should be a bipartisan effort. The COPS Improvement and Reauthorization Act is another tool that we can provide and another bill to try to expedite the claims process for public safety officer benefits program. 
In some cases, the Department of 
Justice has taken 3 to 4 years to decide whether or not a family should receive that benefit, that death benefit, when their spouse has been killed in the line 
of duty. 
Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gen-
tleman for his comments. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
honor that I introduce the next Mem-ber of Congress and yield time to him, my good friend and partner who is also a career law enforcement officer for a couple of different departments, his last tour of duty was as a sheriff in Florida. 
There are two career law enforce-
ment officers in Congress, as far as the two of us know, and we are standing right here. 
I look at Mr. N
UGENT , RICHNUGENT , 
as my backup here in Congress, and I know he considers me his backup and partners here in supporting our law en-forcement officers across this great country, and I thank Mr. N
UGENT for 
his service in law enforcement and to his communities. 
I know he has faced some dangerous 
situations throughout his career. Sometimes, we sit on the floor and share those stories with each other. The only really two that can under-stand some of these stories are really cops. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Florida, Mr. N
UGENT . 
b1830 
Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentleman from Washington, Sheriff R
EICHERT . That is a term of en-
dearment. It is won, a title that you earn. It is an opportunity to lead a great body of men and women. So when Sheriff R
EICHERT wanted to do this 
hour, it was, like he said, we have each other’s back. We have been through issues that we can relate to. 
When I first became a law enforce-
ment officer, my mom said: You know, I could picture one of your brothers doing this, but not you. You just don’t have that temperament to be that bold, I guess is what she was saying, com-pared to my brothers. 
But at the end of the day, after 39 
years, and the last 10 as sheriff before I got elected to this office, those were 39 of the best years, and I guarantee it that D
AVEREICHERT feels the same way 
with his tenure in law enforcement. I started out as a cop outside the city of Chicago and saw issues that I would rather not even mention. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H632 January 27, 2015 
Coming down to Florida was quite a 
break, it was different. But at the same time, that changed over time too. From a small, sleepy sheriff’s office of about 40 individuals to, when I left, we had over 500 folks that served this great Nation in that community. 
You hear a lot on the news about law 
enforcement in that they want to make it sound like we are not human. In re-ality, I have been to those scenes where a law enforcement officer has been in-volved in a shooting where he has had to take somebody’s life. And that offi-cer was so emotionally distraught, be-cause that is not why they got into the business. It is not why I ever got into the business. You got into the business because you wanted to help people, you wanted to be there to protect people. That is what law enforcement is about. 
And, unfortunately, sometimes bad 
things happen to good people. Sheriff R
EICHERT mentioned the fact that 
sometimes police officers and deputies can make a mistake. We are only human. But when things are moving fast as the speed of light, you have got to think back as to what and why that officer did or didn’t do what he did at the time. 
And I worry about when elected offi-
cials see it as a political expedience to condemn police officers for something that occurred before they ever get the facts. D
AVEREICHERT and I sit on the 
floor and we talk about that, about maybe, just maybe people should wait until the investigation is complete be-fore you condemn somebody, until you walk in their shoes. The sheriff talked about the fact that I can remember back as a rookie having to work, and I took the shifts of guys that had fami-lies because I wasn’t married when it came down to holidays. I didn’t have a family, so I would take the shifts so they could be with their families. But it didn’t always work out that way. There was many a time that I missed Christmas, missed birthdays, missed wedding anniversaries because of serv-ice, and that is just not me. That is all the men and women that serve this country in local law enforcement and other law enforcement agencies throughout the United States. 
Most of the men and women that I 
served with, I guarantee you could go out and make more money doing some-thing else. They were bright, bright people. But their calling was to be a law enforcement officer. To go out there in the dead of night, climb up in an attic—remember that—you climb up in an attic and you don’t know what is up there, except you know there is a bad guy who is up there, and somebody has to go there and do it. At the end of the day, these men and women do it be-cause they love the community they serve. 
Congressman R
EICHERT talked about 
what police officers do with their own money in regards to buying turkeys for Thanksgiving for families, buying Christmas presents for children that would not have a Christmas, doing summer camps for free for children be-
cause these children don’t have or didn’t have the ability to go to one of those paid summer camps—that is pretty neat. And we would, in our sher-iff’s office, without using taxpayer money, with donations from clubs like Kiwanis and Rotary and others, pay for that so that these young men and these girls and boys could have the oppor-tunity to interact with law enforce-ment, to actually see that, do you know what? We are human. That when we do these little games out there in the field and we have the things, water balloons or whatever it may be, that we are real people, because a lot of times, the only time they see a law en-forcement officer is possibly during a domestic situation where they are ar-resting their mom or their dad. And that can jade anybody. 
But it can also jade law enforcement, 
because the things that they see no one here would want to see. There were times when I went home, getting off the midnight shift, and walked in my house at 6 o’clock in the morning. And what I had just seen the night before, you would have a hard time going to sleep, where you would grab your child—I can remember my youngest child at the time, my only child at the time—grabbing him and hugging him because of what I just saw some other parent do to their child that was un-speakable. 
Our three sons, they all serve in the 
military. Our middle son is a Black Hawk pilot in the Florida Army Na-tional Guard. He is also a deputy sher-iff in one of the major counties in Flor-ida. He wasn’t sure if that was the right job because, when they went through the class on child abuse, it struck a chord as a new dad: How could anyone do that to them? But do you know what? He has turned out to be a pretty good cop. And we say that with reverence; it is not a derogatory term. 
But the men and women that put on 
the uniform and that badge do it be-cause they love people, not because they hate them. They do it because they really want to make a difference in their community. Their families are the ones that suffer the most. 
When I have had to go to scenes 
where I have had an officer killed in the line of duty, it breaks your heart. When I was a rookie officer outside of Chicago, right out of the academy, one of my academy mates was killed, shot and killed by a 12-year-old in our first year on the job. You never know when it is going to hit. 
When Officer Kondek down in Tarpon 
Springs went to work on the 21st of De-cember, he kissed his wife and his kids good-bye, expecting to be there for Christmas. Little did he know that that was the last day of his life. The person who killed him shot him and then ran him over with a car. This is not what we want. 
Where we want to see the America 
that I love is, the same respect that we give our soldiers returning from war, that we give that to our police officers. 
That when you see them in a res-taurant or you see them on the street or you see them on a call, thank them for what they do. They will be abso-lutely surprised and amazed, but grate-ful. 
When my sons are in uniform and 
people come up to them in the military and thank them for their service, there is no reason we can’t do the same for our law enforcement officers. 
Congressman R
EICHERT is probably 
the most humble guy I know in the sto-ries, and he would never brag about himself, but he is a consummate pro-fessional. His bravery is unmatched, and his leadership, I am sure, at that sheriff’s office in Washington State is better for him being sheriff than not. 
Mr. REICHERT. I thank the sheriff. 
There might be some people back in Washington State that might disagree with you. 
Mr. NUGENT. Well, I guarantee there 
are some. 
Mr. REICHERT. Absolutely. But I think that what you and I, and 
everyone who has spoken here tonight, have tried to do is to bring the person-ality, the humanness in the human heart, of a police officer to America to-night. And I think with two sheriffs here, it is a powerful way from the floor of the House of Representatives to share with people across this Nation through this media our thanks and gratitude to each and every man and woman who wears the uniform, who puts their life on the line, who knows that some day when they leave they know there is a possibility that they may not come home, and the families live with that too. 
One quick story. I was stabbed in 1973 
or ’74. I had my throat slit with a butcher knife at a domestic violence call that we talked about a little ear-lier. My wife actually found out that I had my throat slit. She was sitting home watching the news, and they showed me being wheeled into the hos-pital out of the ambulance. She finally got a phone call, but she didn’t know if I was going to live or die. 
That happens every day in this coun-
try, ladies and gentlemen. Mr. Speaker, that happens every day here. An officer is injured, hurt, or killed somewhere across this Nation. And we need to be there, Mr. Speaker, to support them, we need to be there to pray for them and their families, and we need to be there to pray for our communities that they come together and be true part-ners in protecting our children and our families. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
KATKO ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the Speaker recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, we thank 
you for the opportunity to gather as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H633 January 27, 2015 
Democrats in this 30-minute Special 
Order opportunity to discuss our Na-tion’s recent free trade agreements. And I will note that nomenclature: free trade. There are concerns about fair trade being the outcome, and we will be talking about that here in this for-mat. 
This is more important now than 
ever before as our United States Trade Representative Ambassador Michael Froman testified before the House and Senate today. The Trans-Pacific Part-nership negotiations are being held as we speak this week in New York City. And some Members of Congress have suggested a trade promotion authority bill, better referenced as a ‘‘fast track,’’ that may be introduced in the near future, a fast track that would deny the checks and balances of Con-gress, one that would not allow us to actively overview the impact of these negotiated settlements, these con-tracts, and would require a simple thumbs up-thumbs down vote without, again, that interactive quality that serves that responsibility to the Mem-bers of Congress. 
But before we give away Congress’ 
ability to conduct proper oversight and review these trade agreements that are currently being negotiated, including the Trans-Pacific Partnership, we need to discuss how free trade agreements from the past two decades have not de-livered on their promises. 
These trade deals will have far-reach-
ing impacts on American life. They could include impacts on food safety or perhaps affordable medicine or perhaps regulations with the banking industry, the financial industry. 
Let’s not be reckless and allow these 
deals to move forward without thor-ough and proper consideration by Con-gress. Frankly, these deals have not lived up to the hype. President Obama indicated as much in his recent State of the Union message: ‘‘I’m the first one to admit that past trade deals haven’t always lived up to the hype.’’ 
So whether it was NAFTA—the 
North America Free Trade Agree-ment—or the Korean Free Trade Agree-ment, supporters of our past FTAs have promised these deals would create a good outcome, create United States jobs, create a lesser trade deficit, and improve global labor and global envi-ronmental standards. 
b1845 
Tragically, sadly, this has not been 
the outcome. 
TPP supporters have said this one 
will be different. The Trans-Pacific Partnership, which could cover a great majority of the international economy, has its supporters saying that this will be a 21st century agreement, far dif-ferent from those that have preceded it. 
Leaked information from the TPP 
negotiators shows that it is being mod-eled by the negotiations, themselves, not by the negotiators, showing that it has been modeled on trade policies that have proven to offshore good-paying 
jobs in our economy and to force wages down for America’s working families. That is why respected economists, in-cluding many who have previously sup-ported free trade, such as Jeffrey Sachs, as well as Nobel Prize winners Joseph Stiglitz and Paul Krugman, have expressed skepticism about the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiation. They are coming to realize what many of our constituents have long known: these trade agreements do not respond favorably to the American middle class. 
Sachs’ speech at a trade forum on 
Capitol Hill included comments that indicated: 
I don’t think TPP and TTIP rise close to 
the standard of being 21st century trade and investment agreements, not even close. They are very much 20th century agreements which were already out of date by the time they were negotiated. This is a NAFTA trea-ty writ large or these are the same negotia-tions that we have had in many other cases. 
In the New York Times, Mr. 
Krugman indicated: 
I am, in general, a free trader, but I will be 
undismayed and even a bit relieved if the TPP just fades away. The first thing you need to know about trade deals in general is that they aren’t what they used to be. The glory days of trade negotiations and the days of deals like the Kennedy Round of the 1960s, which sharply reduced tariffs around the world, are long behind us. 
Then Mr. Stiglitz, in the New York 
Times, is quoted as saying: 
Based on the leaks—and the history of ar-
rangements in past trade pacts—it is easy to infer the shape of the whole TPP, and it doesn’t look good. There is a real risk that it will benefit the wealthiest sliver of the American and global elite at the expense of everyone else. 
Tonight, I hope we can have a 
thoughtful discussion about jobs, about wages, about environmental standards that could be impacted, about child labor laws that could, perhaps, be thrust upon us that have been promised for every FTA in the past two decades. Sadly, our constituents are looking for that sort of progressive outcome that has not been realized, and, certainly, our workers have been impacted. I rep-resent a district that is tremendously impacted by these trade negotiations. 
So, tonight, it is a pleasure to work 
with my colleagues in order to get out the message about the broken promises of our trade agreements. 
I see my good friend and colleague 
who has been a very passionate voice on speaking out about these issues. He is T
IMRYAN, our Representative from 
Ohio’s 13th District. Let me yield to Mr. R
YAN so he can share some 
thoughts with us. 
Welcome. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Thank you so 
much. I want to thank the gentleman from New York. It is always fun to be here with you in the later evening hours. 
As I am listening to you talk about 
fair trade versus free trade and about some of these agreements, you have just got to go to the communities. I 
mean, this is not rocket science. Go to the communities that have been im-pacted over the last 20 or 30 years, going back to NAFTA and CAFTA and all of these other agreements, and look at them. Look at what has happened in places like Youngstown, Ohio, or in up-state New York or in Connecticut or up and down the east coast. 
Mr. Speaker, we have, in Ohio, sev-
eral companies that, after the NAFTA 
agreement, started moving, wholesale, their manufacturing facilities from Warren, Ohio, or Youngstown, Ohio, to just over the border in Mexico—to just over the border with cheaper labor and no environmental or labor standards to be seen—and shipping the products right back over, decimating commu-nities across Ohio, like the ones that we represent. 
There is a State route in Ohio, State 
Route 7. It goes from the lake all the way down the Ohio River. If you want to see what these trade agreements have done in the heartland, go take a ride down Route 7, especially the southern part. Go through Steubenville and East Liverpool, Ohio; go down to Portsmouth; go through Athens Coun-ty, and you will see the erosion of what used to be the industrial might of the United States of America. They have eroded communities. 
The ripple effect—the job aspect of 
it—is of unemployed people. Now there is no one to support the schools. Now there is no one to support the mental health levy. Now there is no one to support the libraries. Now there is no one to throw $20 in the basket at church on Sunday. The ripple effect throughout these communities has decimated the middle class, our com-munities, and has reduced opportunity for our young people, whom we want to thrive in manufacturing in the United States. 
I don’t want to see the GDP. I don’t 
want to see numbers. I want to see what it is doing for average Americans and middle class people—period, end of story. How does it help them? Drive through the communities, and you are going to see the evidence that we have not negotiated these agreements. If there is growth and if there are in-creased profits and if the stock market is going up, where is that money going? It is not going to the middle class peo-ple. There used to be middle class peo-ple in our congressional districts, and I have told this story before. 
We have a $1 billion steel mill that is 
located in Youngstown now. Why? The company asked us to fight to put tar-iffs on the dumped Chinese steel tubing that was coming in, and the President, to his credit, put the tariffs on. They built the steel mill. 
So, when you level the playing field— 
if you are dumping or if you are manip-ulating your currency, which is some-thing that we have got to get in this agreement: real teeth into the cur-rency manipulation issue—or the envi-ronment or labor, then people and com-panies will reinvest back in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H634 January 27, 2015 
States, and you can reinvigorate State 
Route 7, going north and south in Ohio. To me, that is the most important part. What are we going to do? How are we going to write agreements? How are we going to structure our trade to op-erate in a way that draws investment into the United States? 
One last piece. The small- and medium-sized manu-
facturers get hammered in this. Do you want to be pro business? Do you want to be pro middle class, small business, medium-sized businesses, tool and dye makers, mom-and-pop manufacturers that operate in communities like ours—the people who treat their em-ployees like they are family and are 
the ones who sponsor the Little League team or the soccer team? They are get-ting wiped out in these agreements, and we are not factoring them in. 
If we want a small, robust middle 
class, business community in the smaller and mid-sized cities in Amer-ica, these are the kinds of things we need to factor in when we are oper-ating. Yes, we have got to invest in roads and bridges. Yes, we have got to invest in infrastructure. We have got 
to do research. We have got to make sure that we have an educated, skilled workforce, and we should invest in manufacturing and all the rest; but the trade agreements are key. If you look at what Korea has done to our auto in-dustry and to our trade deficit with Korea—just those two things—we have lost tens of thousands of jobs because of the Korea trade agreement, and our trade deficit with them has sky-rocketed. 
The proof is in the pudding. If we 
want to bring back the State Route 7s in the Ohios of America, then we need to do exactly what you are saying, Mr. T
ONKO , and what R OSA DELAURO is 
going to say and what others are going to say tonight. We need to reframe the way we talk about this. 
I am very thankful for the invite 
here, and I appreciate your passion and how you believe and understand we have got to do real economic develop-ment in upstate New York and in places like my communities. Thank you for being a leader on this issue. 
Mr. TONKO. Thank you, Representa-
tive R
YAN, for bringing it right down to 
the basic, core ingredient, and that is the dignity of work for American fami-lies. You speak it so well for those you represent in Ohio. 
This is about broken promises. It is 
about promises for jobs, promises for worker opportunity, promises for envi-ronmental standards, promises for labor standards. We need to let the American public know exactly what is happening. If you are a believer in fair trade—not necessarily in free trade. If you believe in fair trade and if you don’t think of fast track, which is when we circumvent the authorities and responsibilities of Congress, then let your voice in Congress know that. Let everyone know what you are thinking, because these are critical moments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to a good friend 
and colleague who is a very outspoken voice for social and economic justice, who has spoken to the unfairness of 
these negotiated arrangements for trade, and who has led us as a Demo-cratic Caucus in this House to speak out forcefully about the fast-track process and about fair trade versus free trade. She is none other than my good friend and colleague from the Third District of the State of Connecticut, R
OSADELAURO . 
Ms. D ELAURO. Thank you so much 
to my colleague from New York and to my colleague from Ohio, T
IMRYAN, 
who is just leaving the floor, and we have got Wisconsin in the House with Mr. P
OCAN . 
Mr. T ONKO , thank you for taking the 
lead on this effort. I can’t tell you how proud I am to join with men and women in this body who understand what is going on in the lives of working families today. 
Mr. Speaker, they are struggling. We 
need to walk in their shoes. That is what our job is—to represent their in-terests in this body. What do we know? We know that, in fact, they are in jobs today that don’t pay them enough money to survive. That is why we are organized and are taking on a process which can do nothing but harm them in the future. 
All of us who are engaged in this ef-
fort have been long supporters of the President’s and the administration’s, and we believe genuinely that he wants to improve the lives of working Ameri-cans; but on the issue of trade, I and all of us will oppose the administration be-cause they are following the exact same trade policy that has failed in the past. 
The administration claims that the 
Trans-Pacific Partnership will bring jobs back to the United States, will raise our wages, but experience tells us that far too many trade agreements have done the exact opposite. The TPP is based on the same model as the Korea free trade agreement, negotiated just 2 years ago. Since that time, the United States’ trade deficit with South Korea has exploded by 50 percent. That translates into 60,000 lost jobs. This is a familiar picture: Korean products flood in, and American jobs flood out. When adjusted for inflation, our wages continue to slide. 
Princeton economist Alan Blinder es-
timates that as many as a quarter of American jobs will be offshored in the foreseeable future, and we know from past experience that the people who are laid off will see a significant drop in their wages—that is, if they are able to find another job. 
The trade agreements we have signed 
over the last 25 years have done noth-ing to ensure fair competition. Let’s take one example. The deals have failed to address the problem, which our colleague Congressman R
YANmen-
tioned, of currency manipulation. It is an unfair, artificial practice that has been devastating our automotive in-dustry for a generation. Morgan Stanley estimates that cur-
rency manipulation gives each im-ported Japanese car an effective sub-sidy of between $1,500 and $5,700. That is neither free nor fair. 
Leading economist Fred Bergsten of 
the Peterson Institute wrote in For-eign Affairs just within the last several days: 
The United States has paid a major eco-
nomic price for never having established an effective currency manipulation policy. 
In the last Congress, 230 Members— 
both Republicans and Democrats— wrote to the United States Trade Rep-resentative to demand the inclusion of a strong and an enforceable currency manipulation chapter in the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership agreement. So far, we have been ignored and dismissed. Put simply, if the agreement does not ad-dress currency manipulation, it will not be worth the paper that it is writ-ten on. It will be a green light to those who seek to compete unfairly with American manufacturing, and it will take away American jobs. 
The administration’s arguments 
about jobs have failed. They know that experience and the numbers are against them. So, instead, as with past trade agreements, we hear the fallback argu-ments based on foreign policy. 
b1900 
If you listened to the Trade Rep-
resentative today in the Senate Fi-nance Committee, Mr. Froman, he talked about the danger of China, the specter of China. In the State of the Union, the President said that the TPP would help us counter China’s growing 
influence. This is clearly not the case. 
As the economist and Reagan ap-
pointee Clyde Prestowitz pointed out in the Los Angeles Times last week, ‘‘The ever-closing linking of the U.S. economy to those of the TPP countries over the last 35 years has not prevented the rise of Chinese power.’’ 
He continued, ‘‘nor has it deterred 
U.S. trade partners and allies from de-veloping ever closer ties with China.’’ 
They will not stop doing so just be-
cause we sign a trade agreement. In re-ality, the argument about China is nothing more than an attempt to dis-tract the American public with scare tactics and that we are going to take on China. The administration should be above this kind of fear-mongering. 
Throughout this process, the admin-
istration has chosen not to consult the Congress fully. Members of Congress have been denied access to the full text of the agreement. The American people have been cut out of the negotiation; yet in the State of the Union, the President asked the Congress for fast- track promotion authority. 
A key part of granting that authority 
has always been the negotiating guide-lines that Congress gives to the admin-istration. That is our job—to provide the negotiating guidelines—but the Trans-Pacific Partnership has already been under negotiations for years, first under President Bush and now under President Obama. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H635 January 27, 2015 
Earlier today, the U.S. Trade Rep-
resentative told our colleagues in the Senate that he expected a deal ‘‘in the next small number of months.’’ How can the Congress give guidance on a deal that we have never seen, a deal that is, for all intents and purposes, al-ready done? 
Once again, we see fast track for 
what it really is. It is an attempt to cut the Congress out of the process al-together. We should not stand for this, and when we get that fast-track bill, we should vote it down. Bitter experi-ence tells us that bad trade deals dev-astate jobs, devastate wages. That is why we should say ‘‘no’’ to this deeply flawed Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
I can’t thank you enough for taking 
on this job of being here at 7 at night, all of us together, to say ‘‘no.’’ I think what we want to convey to the Amer-ican public is that we are committed to work on their behalf and to make sure that they have a decent shot at a de-cent job with good wages. 
Thank you so much, Mr. T
ONKO , for 
listening. 
Mr. TONKO. Thank you, Representa-
tive D ELAURO . You strike a very en-
couraging cord at the end of your com-ments. 
The American public needs to be en-
gaged, if you believe that Congress should have overview responsibility, a checks and balances agenda, because these agreements need to be front and center about the well-being of Amer-ican workers, and so call into this process, reach into this process, and share your opinion with those who speak for you in the House. 
Is a fast track a thing you want to 
see—without the information ex-change—or do you want Congress to re-view these contracts and understand what impact there will be on the Amer-ican economy, on American jobs, on standards for the environment, for pub-lic safety, for child labor laws, a num-ber of things? 
We appreciate your comments. Ms. D
ELAURO. I would just make 
one other point. So many years ago, when we were discussing the Affordable Care Act, the American public said: Read the bill. 
That is what we are asking to do, 
very simply, to read the bill before we vote on it. 
Mr. TONKO. Very well stated. Every 
bit of American style is about teth-ering the American Dream. The people come here to have the right to the dig-nity of work and to pursue that Amer-ican Dream. 
One of our newest faces in Congress 
in his second term, I believe, has been an outspoken voice for the American Dream. I yield to the Representative from Wisconsin’s Second District to share his thoughts about the process here for fast track and free versus fair trade. 
Mr. POCAN. Thank you, Representa-
tive T
ONKO , for your leadership. I real-
ly enjoyed working with you over the last several years. We are actually get-ting to the point that it looks like this 
may be coming to a vote in Congress. 
This is perfect timing, with another 
round of negotiations upon us. I am so glad we are on the floor tonight talk-ing about this and trying to channel the energy from the gentlewoman from Connecticut. I love her passion. 
This is an issue that goes far back for 
me. When I was 23, I started a small business in Madison, Wisconsin, a spe-cialty printing business. One of the things we did is source American-made and union-made products. We screen- printed T-shirts and did promotional items like pens and lapel pins we wear as Members of Congress, all things that were done in the United States. 
Over the last almost 28 years, trade 
deal after trade deal, I have watched the number of products made in the United States diminish. T-shirts, it is almost impossible to find a mill that still makes T-shirts and apparel in the United States. Almost everything is done in other countries or overseas, things like pens and our emblem pins. It is almost impossible to find Amer-ican-made pens. 
In my area, just 45 minutes south 
from Madison, is the city of Janesville, where Representative P
AUL RYAN is 
from and represents. That town used to have a thousand good, family-sup-porting wages at a company called Parker Pen which made quality, Amer-ican-made pens. At one point, that was a thousand jobs in that region. 
With trade deal after trade deal, fi-
nally, a few years ago, we watched the last 150 of those jobs go to Mexico, those family-supporting wages that no longer exist in the company. They were then hit by GM closing down, which al-lowed even further job loss in that community. 
As Representative D
ELAURO said, it 
is those people that used to make $25 an hour in a manufacturing job who lost their job and, now, the best that might be available to them is a $10-an- hour job. You can’t pay your mortgage when you go from $25 an hour to $10 an hour. You can’t send your kids to col-lege when you used to make $25 an hour and, now, you are making $10 an hour. 
Those are the jobs we have seen all 
too often leave because of bad trade deals; whether it be New York, Con-necticut, Ohio, or Wisconsin, we have all seen the same thing happen across our communities. 
As much as I do agree with the Presi-
dent when he said in the State of the Union, Look, I’m the first one to admit that past trade deals haven’t always lived up to the hype—I think we all agree on that. We have seen that. We have seen that the jobs promised don’t happen, and that is why we have con-cern. 
Tonight, I want to talk specifically 
about fast-track authority. That is where we give up our right as Members of Congress, which means we give up our constituents’ right—a say—in these trade deals. This isn’t a Democratic issue. It isn’t a Republican issue. It 
isn’t an Independent issue. It is in the Constitution. Article I, section 8 of the Constitution says the Congress has the sole power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations.’’ 
For 200 years, that is the way it was, 
but President Nixon changed that when he seized those powers through a mech-anism called fast track. It is a legisla-tive technique used to kind of skid the way through for these trade deals. 
The problem with that is when we do 
fast-track authority, we give up our rights as Members of Congress and, therefore, the public’s right to question what is in one of these trade deals, the next trade deal that can have even more jobs leave the United States. 
We give up our ability to debate and 
to amend these agreements, and that is what fast-track authority is. That is very likely the first vote we would see on the floor of Congress, which the President asked for in the State of the Union, but that gives our sole author-ity to the President. 
Now, I have a lot of respect and I 
agree with so much of what President Obama has done, but this isn’t about President Obama, and it is not about President George W. Bush and not about President Nixon or any other President who has tried to get these powers. It is about our ability as Mem-bers of Congress and the public to have a say through these trade deals. 
When you look at this and you think 
about the history of the fast-track process, the last time we authorized fast track was in 2002, at 3:30 in the morning, right before a congressional recess, to bring this antiquated mecha-nism into place, and it was approved by only three votes. 
Since 2007, Congress has refused this 
extreme procedure, even after it was getting renamed to try to make it sound a little more palatable. 
There are so many reasons why we 
shouldn’t give up our authority. If you think about it, people say: If we don’t give the President authority, we won’t get trade expansion. 
Well, fast track isn’t needed for that. 
In fact, President Bill Clinton was de-nied fast-track authority for 6 of his 8 years in his office, but he completed more than 100 trade investment pacts without fast track. 
We are giving away our ability to ac-
tually see this document which, as you know, we haven’t seen. There are 29 chapters, only of which about five af-fect trade, and everything else from currency manipulation to medicines to food safety, all those things now are thrown into these deals that go way be-yond what it was originally in place for, and we would have no say in that. 
Fast track has been used 16 times in 
the history of this country, and usu-ally, it is to enact more controversial trade pacts. 
Bottom line, we know that the U.S. 
Trade Representative right now is redoing their Web site to make it more transparent. Here is transparency to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H636 January 27, 2015 
me: show us the text, show Members of 
Congress the text, show our staff the text, show the public the text. 
If this deal is as good as they have 
promised, then show us how great it is; but if this is nothing more than warmed over fast track or something else that is going to cost us jobs and depress our wages, then that is usually when this procedure is put in place. No offense to this President or to any President, but Congress has to have its say on fast track. 
I just want to commend you, again, 
for doing this. I just wanted to come by for a very few minutes to talk about that, but as this procedure could be coming before us in the coming month or months, we have to be ready. 
We are going to work together, as we 
have been, to make sure we do every-thing possible to make sure the public knows what is in this deal, and that means Congress has to have our say, and that is why we have to oppose fast track. 
Again, I thank the gentleman for this 
time. I continue to look forward to working with you on this issue. 
Mr. TONKO. Thank you, Representa-
tive P
OCAN . I again urge the general 
public out there to engage in this proc-ess. Let your Representative know if you believe we should have overview authority and that we should have the chance to know what is in these nego-tiated agreements. 
This affects our American economy, 
the American Dream. It is about jobs. It is about wages. It is about critical labor standards. It is about critical en-vironmental standards. We can make it happen. We can work on trade issues and have fair trade out there that will grow our economy and grow the Amer-ican Dream for America’s working families. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. D EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of illness. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 7 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, January 28, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
179. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of Commerce, transmitting the Depart-ment’s report on Foreign Policy-Based Ex-port Controls for 2015, pursuant to the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979, section 6, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. 
180. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Cuba: Providing Support for the Cuban Peo-ple [Docket No.: 150102002-5002-01] (RIN: 0694- AG42) received January 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
181. A letter from the Director, Inter-
national Cooperation, Department of De-fense, transmitting Pursuant to Section 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act and Section 1(f) of Executive Order 13637, Transmittal No. 17-14 informing of an intent to sign a Memo-randum of Understanding with Canada, Aus-tralia, New Zealand, and the United King-dom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
182. A letter from the Chief Operating Offi-
cer, Armed Forces Retirement Home, trans-mitting a report on a real estate lease trans-action for a Charter School within the Sher-man Building, pursuant to 24 U.S.C. 411; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
183. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-517, ‘‘Lawrence Guyot Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
184. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-518, ‘‘Percy Battle Way Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
185. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-551, ‘‘N Street 
Village, Inc. Tax and TOPA Exemption Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
186. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-514, ‘‘Promoting Economic Growth and Job Creation Through Technology Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
187. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-535, ‘‘Dedication of a Public Alley in Square 752, S.O. 14-15491, Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
188. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-512, ‘‘SeVerna, LLC, Real Property Tax Exemption and Real Property Tax Relief Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
189. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-538, ‘‘Trash Com-pactor Tax Incentive Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
190. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-539, ‘‘Behavioral Health System of Care Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
191. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-515, ‘‘Winter Side-walk Safety Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
192. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-519, ‘‘Uniform Certificate of Title for Vessels Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 193. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-521, ‘‘Cashell Alley Designation Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
194. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-549, ‘‘Youth Tan-ning Safety Regulation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
195. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-520, ‘‘Department of Parks and Recreation Fee-based Use Per-mit Authority Clarification Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
196. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-501, ‘‘Paint Stew-ardship Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
197. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-530, ‘‘Conversion Therapy for Minors Prohibition Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
198. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-503, ‘‘Public Space Enforcement Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
199. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-559, ‘‘Insurance Holding Company and Credit for Reinsurance Modernization Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
200. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-502, ‘‘Plan for Comprehensive Services for Homeless Indi-viduals at 425 2nd Street, N.W., Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
201. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-558, ‘‘Small and Certified Business Enterprise Waiver and Re-certification Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
202. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-562, ‘‘Inspector General Qualifications Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
203. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-556, ‘‘Soccer Sta-dium Development Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
204. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-554, ‘‘Turkey Bowl Revenue Generation and Sponsorship Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
205. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-561, ‘‘Firefighter Retirement While Under Disciplinary Inves-tigation Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
206. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-553, ‘‘Closing of a Portion of Manchester Lane, N.W., adjacent to Square 2742, S.O. 08-3083, Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H637 January 27, 2015 
207. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-560, ‘‘Sex Traf-ficking of Children Prevention Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
208. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-552, ‘‘Guardian-ship Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
209. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-534, ‘‘Criminaliza-tion of Non-Consensual Pornography Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
210. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-533, ‘‘D.C. No Tax-ation Without Representation Way Designa-tion Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
211. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-532, ‘‘D.C. Rocks, So We Need One Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
212. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-531, ‘‘Wage Trans-parency Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
213. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-540, ‘‘Copper Intrauterine Device Access Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
214. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-516, ‘‘Dignity for Homeless Families Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
215. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-548, ‘‘Community Development Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
216. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-550, ‘‘Public-Pri-vate Partnership Act of 2014’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
217. A letter from the Chairman, Council of 
the District of Columbia, transmitting Transmittal of D.C. Act 20-511, ‘‘Housing Production Trust Fund Baseline Funding Amendment Act of 2014’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
218. A letter from the Chief Financial Offi-
cer and Assistant Secretary for Administra-tion, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s FY 2014 Agency Financial Report, as required by the Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act (FMFIA) of 1982; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
219. A letter from the Executive Analyst, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
220. A letter from the Executive Analyst, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Fed-eral Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
221. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting two re-ports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Re-
form Act of 1998; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
222. A letter from the Executive Analyst, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Fed-eral Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
223. A letter from the Chief Financial Offi-
cer, Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, transmitting the FY 2014 annual re-port, as required by the Federal Managers’ Financial Integrity Act (FMFIA) of 1982; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
224. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Peace Corps, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
225. A letter from the Wildlife Biologist, 
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Migratory Bird Hunting; Migratory Bird Hunting Regula-tions on Certain Federal Indian Reservations and Ceded Lands for the 2014-15 Late Season [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-MB-2014-0017] (RIN: 1018-AZ80) received January 26, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
226. A letter from the Wildlife Biologist, 
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Migratory Bird Hunting; Late Seasons and Bag and Posses-sion Limits for Certain Migratory Game Birds [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-MB-2014-0017] (RIN: 1018-AZ80) received January 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
227. A letter from the Wildlife Biologist, 
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Major final rule — Migratory Bird Hunting; Final Frameworks for Late-Season Migratory Bird Hunting Regulations [Docket No.: FWS-HQ-MB-2014-0017] (RIN: 1018-AZ80) received January 26, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
228. A letter from the Federal Register Li-
aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Expansion of the Fair Play Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2014-0005; T.D. TTB-126; Ref: Notice No. 143] (RIN: 1513-AC07) received January 14, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
229. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Property Qualifying for the Energy Credit under Section 48 [Notice 2015-4] re-ceived January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
230. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Services’s IRB only rule — 2015 Prevailing State Assumed Interest Rates (Rev. Rul. 2015-02) received January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
231. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Automatic Approval of Change in Funding Method for Takeover Plans (An-nouncement 2015-3) received January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
232. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
rule — Application of Retroactive Increase in Excludable Transit Benefits [Notice 2015- 2] received January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
233. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Rulings and determination letters (Rev. Proc. 2015-3) received January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
234. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s Adminis-trative Notice rule — Reporting Sick Pay Paid by Third Parties [Notice 2015-6] received January 16, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 159. A bill to stop exploitation through trafficking (Rept. 114–6, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 181. A bill to provide justice for the victims of trafficking (Rept. 114–7). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 285. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a penalty for knowingly selling advertising that offers certain commercial sex acts (Rept. 114–8). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 350. A bill to direct the Inter-agency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to identify strategies to prevent children from becoming victims of traf-ficking and review trafficking prevention ef-forts, to protect and assist in the recovery of victims of trafficking, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–9, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 399. A bill to require the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to gain and maintain operational control of the inter-national borders of the United States, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–10, Pt. 1). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Education and the Workforce discharged from further consideration. H.R. 159 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 350 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committees on Armed Services, Nat-ural Resources, and Agriculture dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 399 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H638 January 27, 2015 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois (for herself 
and Mr. S IMPSON ): 
H.R. 539. A bill to amend part B of title III 
of the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for lower income individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mr. 
C
A´RDENAS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. G AR-
RETT , and Mr. M CCLINTOCK ): 
H.R. 540. A bill to restore the integrity of 
the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Energy and Com-merce, Ways and Means, and Financial Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana (for him-
self, Ms. B
ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , and Mr. P OLIS): 
H.R. 541. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to eligible entities to establish, expand, or support school-based mentoring programs to assist at-risk middle school stu-dents with the transition from middle school to high school; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HARPER: 
H.R. 542. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide for the participation of doctors of chiropractic in the National Health Service Corps scholarship and loan repayment programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mrs. 
B
LACK , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. L ONG, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee): 
H.R. 543. A bill to repeal title I of the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act and to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for cooperative governing of indi-vidual health insurance coverage offered in interstate commerce; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself and Mr. 
K
INGof New York): 
H.R. 544. A bill to accelerate the income 
tax benefits for charitable cash contribu-tions for the relief of the families of New York Police Department Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. DENT: 
H.R. 545. A bill to add engaging in or sup-
porting hostilities against the United States to the list of acts for which United States nationals would lose their nationality; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BARTON (for himself, Ms. C
AS-
TOR of Florida, Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. C HABOT , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, 
Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. B ILIRAKIS ): 
H.R. 546. A bill to amend titles XIX and 
XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services 
to children with medically complex condi-tions under the Medicaid program and Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on im-proving health outcomes for children with medically complex conditions and lowering costs, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H.R. 547. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude major profes-sional sports leagues from qualifying as tax- exempt organizations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mr. 
R
OKITA , and Mr. H UDSON ): 
H.R. 548. A bill to amend title VII of the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964 to exclude the appli-cation of such title to employment practices that are in compliance with Federal regula-tions, and State laws, in certain areas; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mr. 
R
OKITA , and Mr. H UDSON ): 
H.R. 549. A bill to amend title VII of the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964 to require the EEOC to approve commencing or intervening in certain litigation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mr. 
R
OKITA , and Mr. H UDSON ): 
H.R. 550. A bill to direct the Equal Employ-
ment Opportunity Commission to maintain up-to-date information on its website regard-ing charges and actions brought by the Com-mission, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself, Mr. 
M
CKINLEY , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. G IBSON , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. R EICHERT ): 
H.R. 551. A bill to amend part B of the Indi-
viduals with Disabilities Education Act to provide full Federal funding of such part; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 552. A bill to amend the District of Co-
lumbia Home Rule Act to eliminate all Fed-erally-imposed mandates over the local budget process and financial management of the District of Columbia and the borrowing of money by the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. MESSER: 
H.R. 553. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to encourage the use of 529 plans and Coverdell education savings ac-counts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. 
R
OKITA , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. 
BRAT): 
H.R. 554. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to encourage the use of 529 plans and Coverdell education savings ac-counts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Mr. 
M
EEHAN ): 
H.R. 555. A bill to require an Exchange es-
tablished under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to notify individuals in the case that personal information of such individuals is known to have been acquired or accessed as a result of a breach of the se-curity of any system maintained by the Ex-change, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. TONKO , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. K INGof Iowa, and 
Mr. M EEHAN ): 
H.R. 556. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to add physical thera-pists to the list of providers allowed to uti-lize locum tenens arrangements under Medi-care, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BUCHANAN (for himself and 
Mr. K
IND): 
H.R. 557. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify safe harbor re-quirements applicable to automatic con-tribution arrangements, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Mr. R
YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
TIBERI , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
JORDAN , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. L ATTA , Mr. T URNER , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Ohio, Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. J OYCE ): 
H.R. 558. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ’Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN (for himself, 
Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, 
Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
PALLONE , and Mr. S IRES): 
H.R. 559. A bill to direct the Administrator 
of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to designate New Jersey Task Force 1 as part of the National Urban Search and Rescue System; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. GIBSON (for himself, Mr. 
A
MASH , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Ms. 
FOXX, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N UGENT , 
Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. R EED, Mr. R IBBLE , 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. S HIM-
KUS, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida): 
H.R. 560. A bill to amend the War Powers 
Resolution to limit the use of funds for in-troduction of the Armed Forces into hos-tilities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 561. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Education to assess the impact of school start times on student health, well-being, and performance; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 562. A bill to improve transfer of 
earned school credits for foster youth; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. HAHN (for herself and Mr. D
UN-
CANof Tennessee): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H639 January 27, 2015 
H.R. 563. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to establish the Merchant Mar-iner Equity Compensation Fund to provide benefits to certain individuals who served in the United States merchant marine (includ-ing the Army Transport Service and the Naval Transport Service) during World War II; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for her-
self and Mr. S
CHRADER ): 
H.R. 564. A bill to amend the Marine Mam-
mal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce preda-tion on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Ms. J
UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. 
RYAN of Ohio, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. 
SPEIER , and Mr. T AKANO ): 
H.R. 565. A bill to stimulate collaboration 
with respect to, and provide for coordination and coherence of, the Nation’s science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics edu-cation initiatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 566. A bill to award grants to improve 
equality of access to technology-enabled education innovations and understanding of how partnerships of educational agencies and research institutions design and implement such innovations in ways that improve stu-dent outcomes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 567. A bill to provide that a former 
Member of Congress receiving compensation as a highly-paid lobbyist shall be ineligible to receive certain Federal retirement bene-fits, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois (for 
himself and Mr. M
CNERNEY ): 
H.R. 568. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to prepare a report on the impact of thermal insulation on both energy and water use for potable hot water; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. L
OBIONDO (for himself, Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey): 
H.R. 569. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of 
the Interior from issuing oil and gas leases on portions of the Outer Continental Shelf located off the coast of New Jersey; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. M
CCOLLUM: 
H.R. 570. A bill to discontinue Radio Martı ´ 
and Television Martı ´broadcasts to Cuba; to 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 571. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the treatment of whistleblower complaints by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. MULLIN: 
H.R. 572. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to use existing authorities to furnish health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who 
live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the De-partment that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself and Mr. 
M
URPHY of Florida): 
H.R. 573. A bill to make competitive 
awards to national estuary programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. L
UCAS , 
Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
HULTGREN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. B ARR, 
and Mr. W ILLIAMS ): 
H.R. 574. A bill to prohibit contributions by 
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to the Housing Trust Fund and the Capital Market Fund while such enterprises are in conservatorship or receivership, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. SINEMA (for herself and Mr. 
B
ENISHEK ): 
H.R. 575. A bill to appropriately limit the 
authority to award bonuses to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Mr. 
L
OEBSACK , and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois): 
H.R. 576. A bill to amend the definition of 
‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney- 
Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ZINKE (for himself, Mr. T
IPTON , 
Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. K ILMER , 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. B ARR, Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. L ONG, Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. G ROTHMAN ): 
H.R. 577. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to use existing authorities to furnish health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facility of the De-partment that furnishes the care sought by the veteran; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. FATTAH (for himself and Mr. 
V
ARGAS ): 
H. Con. Res. 10. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing the challenges and burdens associ-ated with the rising costs of a college edu-cation; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself, Mr. 
H
OLDING , and Mr. B ERA): 
H. Res. 52. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the democratic Constitution of the Re-public of India and United States-India rela-tions on India’s Republic Day; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H. Res. 53. A resolution condemning the 
cowardly attack on innocent men, women, and children in the northeastern Nigerian town of Baga; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. N OLAN , 
Mr. J OYCE , and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
of California): 
H. Res. 54. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Postal Service should take all appropriate measures to restore service standards in effect as of July 1, 2012; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. DENT: 
H. Res. 55. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on Ethics in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan (for her-
self, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of Mississippi, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
TURNER , Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mr. C OOK, and Ms. B ORDALLO ): 
H. Res. 56. A resolution affirming the sup-
port of the United States for Macedonia’s ac-cession to the North Atlantic Treaty Organi-zation (NATO); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. K APTUR , 
Mr. R ANGEL , and Ms. M ENG): 
H. Res. 57. A resolution urging the Sec-
retary of State that in 2015, a year of signifi-cant anniversaries for the Jewish people, United States embassies in appropriate coun-tries should commemorate this anniversary year with significant public events including the message that the opportunities for re-membrance and reflection contained in these anniversaries are applicable to all peoples; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. THORNBERRY: 
H. Res. 58. A resolution providing amounts 
for the expenses of the Committee on Armed Services in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
1. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of 
the Senate of the State of Illinois, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 42, request-ing the Congress of the United States to call a convention of the states to propose amend-ments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. KELLY of Illinois: 
H.R. 539. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Taxing Clause, USC Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 
1 (‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States[.]’’). The Action for Dental Health Act would use federal tax dollars to provide grants for elibigle oral health profes-sionals to purchase mobile dental units to provide free dental services to underserved 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H640 January 27, 2015 
communcities. Furhtermore, increasing ac-
cess to no- or low-cost dental and oral health services improves the nation’s public health, or ‘‘general welfare[.]’’ Therefore, the Action for Dental Health Act is a valid exercise of the Taxing Clause. 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 540. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 of the Con-
stitution of the United States; the power to constitute Tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court. 
The purpose of the bill is to amend the 
civil asset forfeiture procedures and Section 8, Clause 9 extends to Congress the power to create inferior courts and to make rules of procedure and evidence for such courts. 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: 
H.R. 541. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Con-
stitution, Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, and clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. HARPER: 
H.R. 542. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, Clause I 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 543. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. JEFFRIES: 
H.R. 544. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and the 
Sixteenth Amendment of the Constitution. 
By Mr. DENT: 
H.R. 545. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. BARTON: 
H.R. 546. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §8, clause 3. 
By Mr. CHAFFETZ: 
H.R. 547. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 US Constitution 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 548. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 549. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.R. 550. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN: 
H.R. 551. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Clause 1 of 
Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 552. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution. 
By Mr. MESSER: 
H.R. 553. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, which states 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which empowers Congress to ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
By Mr. MESSER: 
H.R. 554. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, which states 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which empowers Congress to ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 555. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 556. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. BUCHANAN: 
H.R. 557. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 558. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8. ‘‘Congress shall have 
the Power . . . (7) To establish Post Offices and post Roads . . .’’ 
By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: 
H.R. 559. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. GIBSON: 
H.R. 560. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clauses 11, 12, 13, 14, 
and 18. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 561. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 562. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Ms. HAHN: 
H.R. 563. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 
18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. 
Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: 
H.R. 564. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The power of Congress to make rules for 
the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 565. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 566. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
section 8 of article I of the Constitution 
By Mr. ISRAEL: 
H.R. 567. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 6 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois: 
H.R. 568. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the Con-
stitution states that; a regular statement and account of receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time. 
By Mr. L
OBIONDO: 
H.R. 569. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. M
CCOLLUM: 
H.R. 570. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives 
Congress the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing powers.’’ 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 571. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. MULLIN: 
H.R. 572. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 573. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H641 January 27, 2015 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 574. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 (‘‘The 
Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common De-fense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’), 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’), and 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and power for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof’’). 
By Ms. SINEMA: 
H.R. 575. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I. Section 8. 
By Mr. STIVERS: 
H.R. 576. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 1 (relating to 
the general welfare of the United States) and clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). 
By Mr. ZINKE: 
H.R. 577. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 21: Mr. J ONES , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. P ERRY and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 93: Mr. C OOK. 
H.R. 131: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. 
HUDSON , Mr. S ESSIONS and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 141: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 159: Ms. B ASSand Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 173: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 174: Mr. B OSTand Mr. H URT of Vir-
ginia. 
H.R. 181: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 198: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 199: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 217: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
MILLER of Florida, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. J ODYB. 
HICEof Georgia, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Geor-
gia and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 242: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD . 
H.R. 246: Mr. G IBSON and Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER . H.R. 258: Mr. L OWENTHAL . 
H.R. 263: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 264: Mr. M CNERNEY and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. 
H.R. 268: Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 285: Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. Russell and Ms. 
SINEMA . 
H.R. 287: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas. 
H.R. 317: Mr. D EUTCH . 
H.R. 333: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
JOLLY and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 348: Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 349: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 350: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 351: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 359: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 367: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 383: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 391: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California. 
H.R. 398: Mr. K ILMER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
BISHOP of Michigan, Ms. M CSALLY , and Ms. 
HERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 400: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 401: Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. L ATTA , Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana and Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas. 
H.R. 413: Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 419: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-
zona, Mr. G OSAR and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 420: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 424: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 426: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 427: Mr. R EEDand Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 430: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 431: Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. E STY, Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Ms. K USTER , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. 
CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. T ORRES , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
FATTAH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. M IMI 
WALTERS of California, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
LARSEN of Washington, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. B ERA, 
Mr. H OYER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
HURD of Texas, Mr. R USH, Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. V EASEY , 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. H IMES, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. B RADY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. K APTUR , Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. F OS-
TER, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. B ARR, Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. H ECK of Washington, Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. P LASKETT , 
Mr. S IRES, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. K IND, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. KIRKPATRICK , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 438: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 443: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 459: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 460: Ms. M CSALLY and Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER . 
H.R. 461: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
POEof Texas. 
H.R. 473: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 478: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York. 
H.R. 484: Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 494: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 509: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 518: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 519: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. R OEof Ten-
nessee, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. B UR-
GESS. 
H.R. 525: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 527: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 529: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. D ESJARLAIS and Mr. 
LATTA . 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico. 
H.J. Res. 25: Mr. V EASEY . 
H. Res. 11: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. P ALAZZO , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. R OGERS of Ala-
bama. 
H. Res. 17: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H. Res. 26: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. S TEWART , 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. H URT 
of Virginia, Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. R US-
SELL. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H. Res. 32: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. W ALZ, and 
Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H. Res. 45: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. Y ODER , 
and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H. Res. 49: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
[Omitted from the Record of January 26, 2015] 
OFFERED BYMR. UPTON  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 351 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BY MR. CONAWAY  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Agricultural in H.R. 399 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:52 Feb 03, 2015 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\H27JA5.REC H27JA5DSKD7QTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S495 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2015 No. 13 
Senate 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
O Lord, our rock, You are our shield 
in the time of storm. We give You our hopes and dreams, knowing that You know what is best for our Nation and world. 
Sustain our lawmakers. May integ-
rity and uprightness be the standards for their conduct so that they will not be put to shame. Lift the light of Your countenance upon them and be gra-cious to them. Give them fresh strength and wisdom, as You renew the drumbeat of Your Spirit in their hearts, empowering them to march to the rhythm of Your righteousness. 
We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
majority leader is recognized. 
f 
SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
today the Senate will resume consider-ation of the Keystone bill. This is the third week of floor consideration for this bipartisan jobs and infrastructure measure. Senators from both sides have been able to offer amendments and get their ideas voted on. I know Chairman M
URKOWSKI is here, and she 
is working with colleagues to get their amendments in the queue. It is now 
time to get through the remaining amendments and to vote up or down on passage of the bill. 
f 
KEYSTONE JOBS BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Keystone jobs bill is a bipartisan infra-structure project the American people deserve, so the vote last night to fili-buster was certainly disappointing. The Keystone jobs bill has been consid-ered and reported out of the energy committee. It has been subject to weeks of open debate. Senators on both sides have been able to offer and vote on amendments—two dozen so far and counting. Our Democratic friends have had more amendments considered on this bill than Republicans, more amendments than all of last year com-bined. 
Just a few days ago we offered our 
friends the opportunity to have even more of their amendments voted on. Unfortunately, they rejected that offer. So today I am asking them to recon-sider, join us, and work with the bill managers, Senator M
URKOWSKI and 
Senator C ANTWELL . Let’s get your 
amendments processed, and let’s make progress for the American people. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE ACTING 
MINORITY LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
FLAKE ). The assistant Democratic lead-
er is recognized. 
f 
KEYSTONE PIPELINE 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
commend the Senators who are work-ing on the amendments on the Key-stone Canadian pipeline. This is the highest priority of the new Republican majority, a pipeline that is being built on behalf of a Canadian company. 
You would think there would be a lot 
of other possibilities here to create jobs for America, but the Senate Re-
publicans are focused on this one. Ulti-mately it will produce 35 permanent jobs in America, and this is their high-est priority. Had they taken up instead the Federal highway bill—a bill which is looming in terms of a deadline this year—we literally could have created thousands of American jobs across America, not just in one pipeline loca-tion. But they chose instead to help this Canadian company build this pipe-line. 
Sadly, it won’t produce products that 
can help America. We had an amend-ment offered here on the floor that said any refined products that came from this pipeline would be sold in America. It was defeated. Every Republican voted against that amendment. 
Then we offered an amendment that 
said this pipeline, if it is going to be built in America, should use American steel. Every Republican voted against that, save one. 
The notion that we are going to use 
foreign steel to build a pipeline for a Canadian company so that the refined products from that pipeline can be ex-ported overseas is somehow, in the eyes of the majority in the Senate, an American jobs bill. I don’t think the American people would agree with that. They would understand, if we were taking up the Federal highway bill, that is an American jobs bill. We put construction workers across the United States to work and create an infrastructure that would build on the economy, creating more jobs in com-munities from Arizona to Illinois, from Florida to the State of Washington. But instead we are focused on the Key-stone Canadian pipeline, the highest priority of the Senate Republican ma-jority. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, in a lit-
tle more than a month the Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S496 January 27, 2015 
of Homeland Security in Washington, 
DC, will run out of money. It is hard to imagine that the agency responsible for combating terrorism in the United States has its budget in question, but that was the design when the people sat down to write the Omnibus appro-priations bill last year. The Repub-licans in the House insisted that if we 
were going to fund the rest of govern-ment, we had to withhold regular fund-ing for the Department of Homeland Security. That is why the deadline of February 27 is looming. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity more than any other single agency is responsible for keeping America safe from terrorism. They supervise and manage the TSA officers and airports. They collect weapons that people try to bring on airplanes. It is hard to imagine that people still do. They try to keep us safe at a time when we know terrorism is a threat not just in the United States but in countries all over the world. 
Yet the Republicans in the House and 
Senate do not want to give regular funding to the Department of Home-land Security. They put it on tem-porary funding. As Mr. Johnson, the Secretary of this Department, said, it puts them at a real disadvantage at the Department of Homeland Security in keeping America safe. Yet the Repub-licans have insisted on this. Why? Why would they withhold regular funding for this critical agency? Because they are exercised by the President’s deci-sion to issue Executive orders on immi-gration. Their anger over the Presi-dent’s action has led them to jeop-ardize the immediate funding of an agency of critical importance to the United States. So they set out in the House of Representatives to add five riders to this appropriations bill which they insist must be passed if we are going to fund this agency. When you look at these five riders, I think you can understand why many of us think this is nothing short of an outrage. 
One of the things which they have set 
their sights on is a program I have worked on for 14 years here in the Sen-ate. I introduced a bill 14 years ago called the DREAM Act—14 years ago. The concept behind it was very basic: Children brought to the United States by their parents who are undocu-mented deserve a chance—a chance to make a life in America if they have no serious criminal issues, if they have graduated from high school, if they are prepared to step forward, go to college, or serve in the military. The DREAM Act was introduced 14 years ago with a basic concept: Don’t hold children re-sponsible for bad decisions or wrong-doing by their parents. Give these young people a chance. 
Sadly, in the House of Representa-
tives there is an anger against these young people that is almost difficult to describe. We think there are almost 2 million of them in America, and 600,000 have stepped forward to qualify for the DACA Program, an Executive order by the President that spares them from 
deportation while they are living in the United States. But the House of Rep-resentatives has insisted that we repeal the DACA Program, not issue any re-newals for DACA protection, and not issue any new DACA protection for the 1.5 million who may still be eligible. That is one of their conditions before they will fund the agency that deals with terrorism to protect the United States from terrorism. 
This last weekend there were several 
very unusual and important meetings involving the American political scene. One was in California hosted by the Koch brothers which attracted three of our Senators on the other side of the aisle who were at least considering, if not aspiring to be President of the United States. The Koch brothers called them in for a presentation and questions as part of the process of de-ciding whether the Koch brothers would support them to be the next President of the United States. That is not the first time that has happened. Others representing special interest groups I am sure have called can-didates before. This is a very overt ef-fort by two very powerful men to spend almost $1 billion in the next political cycle to control the political future of this country. 
As troubling as that is for most 
Americans to hear, there was another forum that I think was equally dis-turbing in my neighboring State of Iowa. This was a forum called by Con-gressman S
TEVE KING. He called it a 
freedom forum. He attracted a large array of Republican aspirants to the of-fice of President. Included in those were Governor Christie of New Jersey; Senator C
RUZof Texas; former Senator 
Santorum of Pennsylvania; Scott Walker, the governor of Wisconsin; former Governor Palin of Alaska; Don-ald Trump; former Governor Perry of Texas; and former Governor Mike Huckabee of Arkansas. They all came to Iowa to be part of this freedom forum. This freedom forum was spon-sored by Congressman S
TEVE KING. 
Without question, Congressman K ING 
has made some of the most outrageous statements about the DREAMers, whom I described earlier, of any Mem-ber of Congress. He has compared them to dogs. He has referred to DREAMers as the deportables—whatever that means. 
He has one oft-quoted statement: For 
every valedictorian among the DREAMers, there were 100 who had de-veloped cantaloupe-sized calves car-rying illegal narcotics across the bor-der into the United States. 
That is the kind of rhetoric which 
might cause David Duke to blush, but it didn’t stop these Republican Presi-dential aspirants from trekking out to Iowa to pay homage to Congressman S
TEVEN KING. 
I would suggest that the Grand Old 
Party, which I do respect—the party of Abraham Lincoln—would be a party that would be embarrassed by the com-ments of Congressman K
ING rather 
than pay homage to him in the State of Iowa. 
I wish to tell the story of one of the 
DREAMers whom Congressman K
ING 
particularly would come to dislike be-cause this is an undocumented person and one of the DREAMers who would be disadvantaged by the Republican ac-tion in the House of Representatives which would literally remove the pro-tection this young lady has from depor-tation. 
This is Ola Kaso. Her story is amaz-
ing. She was brought to the United States from Albania in 1998 at the age of 5. She grew up in Warren, MI, and her dream was to become a medical doctor and to treat cancer patients. Ola was the valedictorian of her high school class. She took every advanced placement class offered by her school and had 4.4 grade point average. 
She was treasurer of the student 
council and treasurer of the National Honor Society at her school. In 2011, I held a hearing on the DREAM Act. Ola Kaso had just graduated from high school and she came to testify at that hearing. She was the first ever undocu-mented immigrant to testify before the Senate. 
In the fall of 2011, Ola entered the 
honors program at the University of Michigan where she is a premed stu-dent. What has happened to Ola Kaso since DACA was established in 2012? Ola has become involved in public serv-ice. In 2013 she worked as an intern in the office of our former colleague Sen-ator Carl Levin. She continued her studies. This spring Ola will graduate from the University of Michigan with a double major in biochemistry and women’s studies. 
Keep in mind she completed this de-
gree without any financial assistance from our government. Ola is not eligi-ble for Pell grants or student loans be-cause she is undocumented. She has be-come involved in nanotechnology, a cutting-edge field that holds great promise for future technological break-throughs. Ola is now conducting at the Michigan Nanotechnology Institute for Medicine and Biological Sciences. Last year Ola’s work was published in the Journal of Physical Chemistry. I want to read the name of the article which Ola Kaso published. I hope I will be spared, a liberal arts lawyer, if I stum-ble over some of these words. But just to give you an idea of her research, the article was entitled ‘‘Atomic Force Mi-croscopy Probing of Receptor-Nanopar-ticle Interactions for Riboflavin Recep-tor Targeted Gold-Dendrimer Nano-composites.’’ 
Now, that is a mouthful, but it gives 
you a sense of how much Ola Kaso has to contribute. Next, Ola plans to at-tend medical school, but if the House Republicans have their way and we pass in the Senate the language which was included as part of the Department of Homeland Security appropriations bill, Ola Kaso will never have a chance. She will be deported back to Albania, a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S497 January 27, 2015 
country she does not know at all. She 
will be forced to leave the United States. 
We will basically give up on the in-
vestment we have made as Americans in her education and her potential and tell her: Leave. In the words of Con-gressman S
TEVE KING, she is one of the 
‘‘deportables’’—one of the ‘‘deport-ables.’’ Ola sent me a letter recently. Here is what she said about her dreams for the future: 
I aspire to ultimately become a surgical 
oncologist, but more importantly, I intend to work for patients that cannot afford the astronomical fees accompanying life-saving surgeries, patients are denied the medical treatment they deserve. My goal is not to in-crease my bank account; my goal is to de-crease preventable deaths. I wish to remain in this country to make a difference. 
Ola is not alone. There are so many 
DREAMers across this country just like her who want to be part of our fu-ture. It is clear this DACA Program works for America. That is why I am asking DREAMers around the country to join me, post their stories about what they have done with DACA on Twitter and Facebook using the hashtag ‘‘DACA Works.’’ 
I want the American people to under-
stand the human cost of the bill that was passed by the Republicans in the House of Representatives and is now pending before the Senate. If this bill becomes law, DACA will end. Hundreds of thousands of DREAMers will risk de-portation to countries they can barely remember. Will America be stronger if we deport Ola Kaso and others like her, young people who want to use their talents to give back to America, de-porting them to countries they have some loose connection to by family ties? 
Of course not. It is shameless— 
shameless to play politics with the 
lives of these young people. They grew up in this country, attended school in this country, put their hand over their hearts in their classrooms every day to pledge allegiance to the only flag they have ever known. It is shameless for the House Republicans to put home-land security funding at risk in pursuit of punishing these young people. The House Republicans feel so strongly about deporting DREAMers, they are willing to hold our homeland security funding hostage. 
The House Republicans are telling 
the Senate and the President: Deport the DREAMers or we will shut down the Department of Homeland Security. I hope the Senate majority leader will reject this blackmail and bring a clean homeland security appropriations bill to the floor of the Senate as soon as possible. 
For our part, the Senate Democrats 
will insist that the Department of Homeland Security be funded and that the President have the authority, which every President has, to establish America’s immigration policies. The Presiding Officer was part of an effort, as I was several years, to try to resolve this issue in a thoughtful, balanced, comprehensive way. The ultimate bill that was considered 
before the Senate was not perfect. Parts of it I did not like at all, but we reached a compromise. Over a year and a half ago, we sent that bipartisan bill to the House of Representatives asking them to call it for consideration and amendment. They refused, refused for more than a year and a half to call that bill. Instead, what they have done is launch these attacks on young peo-ple such as Ola Kaso. 
Is that what America is all about? Is 
that the best we can do? For the dozen or more Republican Presidential aspi-rants who made that journey out to Iowa to pay homage to Congressman S
TEVE KINGand his views about immi-
gration, I would ask them to, when they return home: Look around you. There are young people just like this young woman who are only asking for a chance to be part of America’s fu-ture. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 1, which the clerk will report. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
Pending: 
Murkowski amendment No. 2, in the na-
ture of a substitute. 
Vitter/Cassidy modified amendment No. 80 
(to amendment No. 2), to provide for the dis-tribution of revenues from certain areas of the outer Continental Shelf. 
Murkowski (for Sullivan) amendment No. 
67 (to amendment No. 2), to restrict the au-thority of the Environmental Protection Agency to arm agency personnel. 
Cardin amendment No. 75 (to amendment 
No. 2), to provide communities that rely on drinking water from a source that may be af-fected by a tar sands spill from the Keystone XL pipeline an analysis of the potential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of the pipeline. 
Murkowski amendment No. 98 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to express the sense of Congress relating to adaptation projects in the United States Arctic region and rural communities. 
Flake amendment No. 103 (to amendment 
No. 2), to require the evaluation and consoli-dation of duplicative green building pro-grams. 
Cruz amendment No. 15 (to amendment No. 
2), to promote economic growth and job cre-ation by increasing exports. Moran/Cruz amendment No. 73 (to amend-
ment No. 2), to delist the lesser prairie- chicken as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. 
Daines amendment No. 132 (to amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of Congress re-garding the designation of National Monu-ments. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
INTERNATIONAL HOLOCAUST REMEMBRANCE DAY  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today is 
International Holocaust Remembrance Day, commemorating the genocide that resulted in the murder of nearly 6 million Jews by the Nazi regime. On this day in 1945, the allied forces en-tered Auschwitz, a complex of con-centration and death camps in Nazi-oc-cupied Poland. They liberated more than 7,000 prisoners. Auschwitz was made up of 3 main camps and more than 40 subcamps covering over 15 square miles. Between 1940 and 1945 nearly 1.3 million people were deported to Auschwitz and at least 1.1 million were murdered. 
By January 1945 the allied forces 
were closing in. To eliminate witnesses to their crimes, thousands of prisoners were killed at Auschwitz, and 60,000 were forced to march west days before the liberation. 
During these marches SS guards shot 
anyone who fell behind or could not continue. More than 15,000 died in that march. In the months prior to the lib-eration, an elderly French inmate urged a young Jewish prisoner named Olga to watch everything she saw, and when the war was over, to tell the world what she had seen. Olga wrote her memoirs in the years that followed and gave voice to those who could no longer speak. 
Yesterday, the Washington Post fea-
tured the horrific stories of four Ausch-witz survivors, including those who suffered under the sadistic Nazi doctor Josef Mengele, known as the Angel of Death. GEN Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Supreme Commander of the allied forces in Europe also understood the importance of documenting what he saw. After visiting a recently liberated Nazi camp, General Eisenhower urged Washington to send a congressional delegation to witness Nazi crimes first-hand so in the future there could be no attempt to dismiss these allegations as mere propaganda. With the remaining eyewitnesses in their twilight years, the responsibility to ensure that future generations never forget these atroc-ities falls to us. Recently I joined my colleagues Senators M
IKULSKI , CARDIN , 
KIRKand others and introduced a reso-
lution commemorating this important anniversary. This resolution calls on us to be witnesses to the 1.1 million inno-cent victims murdered at Auschwitz and honors the legacy of the survivors of the Holocaust. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S498 January 27, 2015 
Last Congress I chaired the Senate 
Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights and Human Rights. Al-though I am disappointed that the Re-publicans chose to change the name of that subcommittee under their leader-ship, I am going to continue to focus on protecting human rights and civil rights. 
When I chaired the subcommittee, I 
tried to give a platform to voices that are not often heard and to examine what needs to be done to protect human rights. Our responsibility in Congress is to focus on legislation, not lamentation. So we wrote legislation and passed bills to hold the perpetra-tors of serious human rights violations accountable for their crimes. 
In 2007 my Genocide Accountability 
Act was enacted, allowing prosecution of genocide committed outside the United States or by someone other than a U.S. national outside the United States. The following year President Bush signed the Child Soldiers Ac-countability Act, which I also intro-duced. In 2010 the Child Soldiers Ac-countability Act was used to deport Li-berian warlord Dr. George Boley. 
I have also authored the Trafficking 
in Persons Accountability Act, the Human Rights Enforcement Act, the Child Soldiers Prevention Act, the Child Marriage Prevention Act, Congo Conflict Minerals Act, all legislation aimed at protecting human rights in terrible situations, all of which became law. 
Our hearts go out to the survivors 
who mourn their families and the mil-lions of others murdered in the Holo-caust. Today many of the survivors will return to Auschwitz. They will re-call that moment when they first ar-rived more than 70 years ago and passed under a sign that mockingly read, in German, ‘‘Work makes you free.’’ Standing before them was Josef Mengele to await their fate. Turning right meant death in the gas chamber, turning left may have meant survival, for a few weeks at least. So many voices were silenced that now we have to tell their stories. 
As the memory of the Holocaust 
passes from those who were there to the generations that were not, we can-not forget the importance of remem-brance and speaking out against intol-erance whenever and wherever it oc-curs. Unfortunately these horrible crimes still take place. Consider Boko Haram in Nigeria, ISIL in Syria and Iraq, and the barbaric systems of gulag in North Korea. We cannot be silent. 
As Holocaust survivor Ruth Eglash 
said in yesterday’s Washington Post: 
I used to be an optimist until a few years 
ago, but the situation in the Middle East has changed and the world does not notice any-thing. . . . The bottom line is, it can happen again and it is happening again in many places, not necessarily to the Jews, but to anyone. 
Our promise to hold accountable 
those who commit the most unspeak-able crimes will ring hollow unless we lead the world in punishing those re-
sponsible for the gravest human rights violations. I look forward to con-tinuing working with my colleagues in the Senate to make progress toward ending genocide and human rights abuses everywhere they exist. We should all proclaim in one voice: Never again. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. HIRONO. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
FUNDING THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND  
SECURITY  
Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I rise 
today on the important issue of fund-ing the Department of Homeland Secu-rity and to urge my colleagues to come together and pass a clean appropria-tions bill with regard to this agency. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity, or DHS, is charged with border se-curity and immigration enforcement. DHS’s role extends far beyond immi-gration. The agency is also responsible for aviation security, emergency man-agement and response, counterterror-ism, and cyber security. 
Democrats and Republicans have 
long worked together to make sure our hard-working Federal officers on the border, in our airports, and at our ports can continue their critical work that keeps us safe. 
Now the Republican-controlled House 
would irresponsibly risk shutting down the Department of Homeland Security to score political points over the Presi-dent’s immigration actions. Today I object to the effort to shut down DHS over the President’s immigration Exec-utive action because it is not only an irresponsible strategy from a security point of view, but it comes with a real cost in the everyday lives of students and parents. 
Funding for the Department of 
Homeland Security is set to expire February 27. The President has been clear that he will veto any policy rid-ers that undo his Executive action and harm millions of students and their families. The House Republican bill forces us to choose between shutting down the Department of Homeland Se-curity or deporting children and fami-lies. This is an untenable choice. 
Looking at the votes in the House, it 
is clear some Members of Congress would on the one hand say our immi-gration focus should be on securing our border, while on the other hand they risk turning off the lights at Border Patrol stations because they disagree with the President’s immigration poli-cies. 
Last year I led a congressional dele-
gation to McAllen, TX, and to Lackland Air Force Base to see the hu-manitarian crisis on the border first-hand. My colleagues and I were heart-
broken after seeing children as young as 7 years old in Customs and Border Protection facilities. 
But what we also saw were hard- 
working border agents doing the best they could under difficult cir-cumstances in an already stressed im-migration system. These agents should know that we in Washington are going to give them the resources they need to do their jobs, not irresponsibly shut down the Department of Homeland Se-curity, for whom they work. 
Instead of threatening to shut down 
the government’s primary homeland security agency, we should be working together to once again pass bipartisan, comprehensive immigration reform. Republicans and Democrats agree our immigration system is broken. 
With his Executive action President 
Obama took a step to bring millions across the country out of the shadows and keep U.S. citizens and their fami-lies together. Congressional action that puts families first is needed if we are to permanently fix our immigra-tion system. 
The President’s Executive action 
helps millions of people across America by allowing certain students and fami-lies to register, work legally, and pay their taxes. His action is rooted in the reality that our immigration enforce-ment officers need to exercise discre-tion on whom to go after with limited resources and in a broken immigration system. 
Those who oppose the President’s ac-
tion, which is reflected in the House Republican bill, say that the President and enforcement officers must act with absolutely no discretion. This position contemplates and, in fact, supports the removal of nearly 12 million undocu-mented people from our country. This is paramount to a policy of mass depor-tation. 
If mass deportation were enacted, 
DHS would need an exponential in-crease in funding and resources. Bil-lions in increased spending without any permanent fixes or reforms is not a viable option. Even if we somehow have the resources to enact the policy of mass deportation, doing so would dev-astate our economy, removing millions of hard-working people who would no longer be working, running businesses, buying our goods and products. That would lead to over $2.5 trillion of eco-nomic loss to our country in just a dec-ade. 
Mass deportation is not a serious so-
lution for immigration reform. It sim-ply is not possible for DHS to remove every undocumented person from this country. 
Passing the House bill would just 
make life even harder for these people, many of whom are already some of the hardest working people in our Nation. 
As I mentioned, there are nearly 12 
million undocumented people living in communities across America. Many have been living here for years or dec-ades. They are parents, they are small 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S499 January 27, 2015 
business owners, and they are our 
neighbors and our children’s class-mates at school. 
They are people such as Bianca, a 
woman who lives in Hawaii with her family. After moving to the United States on a visa over a decade ago, Bianca met her husband. They moved to the place where they had always dreamed of living—Hawaii, naturally— and began a family there. 
Bianca’s work visa and her husband’s 
work visa were temporary, and like many immigrant families they faced a tough decision to remain after their visas expired and to continue building a life here in America. Bianca and her husband started with nothing. Today they have two small businesses on Oahu and four American children— children born in the United States. Their businesses employ American citi-zens. They pay their taxes, and they work hard to provide for their families and be engaged in the community. 
Because of the President’s order, 
Bianca and her family no longer live in fear every single day of being torn from the life they have built in Hawaii. 
The House Republicans’ mass depor-
tation policy is a serious proposal in only one respect. It would result in se-rious, negative consequences for our economy, our government, and mil-lions of families in our country. 
In contrast, prioritizing deporting 
felons, not families and students, is simply common sense, and that is what the President’s Executive order does. 
Now is the time when we should be 
working together on commonsense and comprehensive immigration reform that the vast majority of Americans support. Comprehensive immigration reform is supported by 70 percent of the American people. In the past Congress, nearly 70 percent of the Senate sup-ported our bipartisan immigration bill. 
Our bipartisan bill was a com-
promise. It strengthened border secu-rity, modernized our system, addressed visa backlogs, and allowed millions of undocumented people to step out of the shadows, get in line, and work toward becoming American citizens. Com-prehensive immigration reform would have spurred economic growth in our country by over $100 billion per year while helping to bring down the deficit. 
The only thing that kept this bipar-
tisan reform bill from becoming law was the fact that Speaker B
OEHNER re-
fused to give the bill an up-or-down vote in the House. Recklessly shutting down the Department of Homeland Se-curity will not fix our broken immigra-tion system. Undoing the President’s Executive action will not fix our bro-ken immigration system. We must work together, and we must fund the Department of Homeland Security so that they can continue to protect our country, and we must come together to pass commonsense reform that Ameri-cans support. 
Both sides of the aisle agree that we 
are a nation of immigrants and our im-migration system is broken. We don’t need to shut down the Department of 
Homeland Security or round up and de-port millions of families and individ-uals. 
We can start that process with a 
clean DHS funding bill, and I urge my Republican colleagues to bring one to the floor quickly. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. I rise this morning 
to join our colleagues in discussing the need for a clean, full-year bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security. Just 30 days from today, funding for the Department of Homeland Security expires unless Congress acts. 
I know that sometimes in congres-
sional time 30 days may seem like a long time, but with a scheduled recess in a few weeks and the certain fact that the House-passed bill cannot pass the Senate, we must act soon to pre-vent a shutdown and provide the re-sources to keep our country safe. 
Luckily, there is a path forward to 
prevent a shutdown. We should pass the bipartisan, bicameral, Homeland Security funding bill that was agreed to last December. 
Just a few weeks ago, Senator M
IKUL-
SKI, then Chair of the Senate Appro-
priations Committee, and Congressman R
OGERS , Chair of the House Appropria-
tions Committee, negotiated spending bills for the entire government, includ-ing the Department of Homeland Secu-rity bill. This was a compromise meas-ure. Not everyone got what they want-ed, but the bill funded the Department at levels that would ensure the Depart-ment can fulfill its mission to secure the homeland. 
Then, unfortunately, politics came 
into play. Some House Republicans de-manded the homeland bill be removed from the larger budget because of im-migration issues, and now the entire Department is funded on a short-term basis through February 27. Now we face a fundamental question: Are we going to put the country at risk because of an ideological disagreement? 
Since Senator M
IKULSKI and Con-
gressman R OGERS reached that agree-
ment in December, we have seen many threats to our Nation and to our allies. The U.S. law enforcement community is on high alert for terror threats after attacks in Australia and Ottawa, Can-ada, and in Paris. Recently, an Ohio man was arrested when it was discov-ered he was plotting to blow up the U.S. Capitol in an ISIS-inspired plan. Now is not the time to be holding up funding for the Department of Home-land Security because of ideological reasons. 
Last week, I had the opportunity to 
visit the Department of Homeland Se-curity’s cyber security center in Ar-lington. The center is where officials are working every day to prevent at-
tacks not just against the Federal Gov-ernment or against State governments but against the private sector, against U.S. companies such as Sony, and against critical infrastructure such as nuclear powerplants and the electric grid. 
Last week, in the Armed Services 
Committee, former National Security Adviser Brent Scowcroft said that he views cyber security threats to be ‘‘as dangerous as nuclear weapons.’’ 
We must continue to make important 
investments in our cyber defenses. But if we fail to fully fund their budget— the clean budget that was agreed to by the House and Senate—their efforts to identify the newest technologies and strategies to protect our cyber infra-structure will be put on hold. 
One of the things they talked to me 
about when I visited the center in-cludes two areas I think are particu-larly important to our national secu-rity. One is the effort to identify a se-cure emergency response line, which is very critical when we have national emergencies—even the snowstorm we are seeing in the northeast in New Hampshire, where we have several feet of snow that is being predicted. We also need a secure emergency response line so our first responders—the people there on the ground when an emer-gency happens—can communicate with each other. That is at risk if we pass a CR rather than a clean funding bill. 
The other thing at risk is the effort 
to identify the next generation of cyber threats. There are things being worked on that we don’t even know yet, and unless we are ahead of that curve we are not going to be there to protect our cyber system throughout the country. So we need to give the Department of Homeland Security budgetary cer-tainty so it can plan and prepare for these kinds of threats. That is why a short-term continuing resolution should be off the table. We need to pass a bill that funds homeland security for the rest of this fiscal year. 
A short-term budget means the De-
partment is on autopilot. That would be extraordinarily bad for business and for our national security. If Homeland Security operates under a short-term budget, new projects and grants are halted, contracts and acquisitions are postponed, hiring is delayed, employee training is scaled back, and grants to our first responders—those people on the ground when something happens— are not going to be awarded, and con-gressionally targeted reductions—those reductions we want to make in waste-ful programs—are also put on hold. 
Yesterday I had the opportunity to 
visit New Hampshire’s fusion center. Every State has a fusion center. This is a network of centers designed to serve as a focal point in each State to coordi-nate terrorism-related information and threats to our national security, to our State security, and to our municipali-ties. It is a place where first respond-ers, local law enforcement, and in New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S500 January 27, 2015 
Hampshire’s fusion center, in addition 
to our State and local folks being rep-resented, someone from the FBI is there on hand, someone from the De-partment of Homeland Security identi-fies potential threats and relays that information up and down the chain of command. 
In New Hampshire, the fusion center 
has also been very critical in working to address drug interdiction and to help identify the heroin abuse epidemic that, sadly, we have seen not only in New Hampshire but in northern New England. If we have a short-term budg-et, new grants to our fusion centers, which are on the front lines of pro-tecting our States and municipalities against security threats, and the secu-rity grants to State and local law en-forcement will not be awarded. 
Why would we threaten this impor-
tant public safety and security funding for unrelated ideological reasons? 
Secretary Jeh Johnson recently said: 
As long as this Department continues to 
operate on a continuing resolution, we are prevented from funding key homeland secu-rity initiatives. These include, for example, funding for new grants to State and local law enforcement, additional border security re-sources, and additional Secret Service re-sources to implement the changes rec-ommended by the independent panel. Other core missions, such as aviation security and protection of Federal installations and per-sonnel, are also hampered. 
That is a direct quote from the Sec-
retary of the Department of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson. 
In addition to what he lays out there, 
I want to highlight a few specific exam-ples of why a short-term budget—a continuing resolution—is problematic for the Department and for our na-tional security. 
Immigration and Customs Enforce-
ment—ICE—could not fund all of its current detention, antitrafficking, and smuggling requirements under a short- term budget. Under a short-term budg-et, ICE will not have the funding they need to meet their legal mandate to have 34,000 detention beds in place for immigration detainees nor funding for a new family detention center. 
So for those people concerned about 
our border security, concerned about people coming into this country, why would we want to deny funding to ad-dress efforts to interdict people coming across the border, to interdict surveil-lance efforts, to build a new family de-tention center so we can find out who these people are and whether they should go back to the country they came from? It makes no sense. 
Under a short-term budget, there is 
no funding to hire additional investiga-tors for antitrafficking and smuggling cases to combat the influx of unaccom-panied children at the southern border. 
Under a short-term budget, no fund-
ing is provided to address Secret Serv-ice weaknesses identified after the re-cent White House fence-jumping inci-dent. 
Yesterday we saw concerns about 
how the Secret Service operates. This time I think everybody acknowledged 
they could not have been expected to intervene in the drone that got dropped on the White House lawn, but it high-lights again the threats that are there and why we need to ensure the Secret Service has the resources to reform itself and to make sure the President and officials are protected. 
A short-term budget would delay the 
contract for the Coast Guard’s eighth national security cutter we need for maritime security. 
In New Hampshire, we have a border 
with the ocean, so we very much appre-ciate the work of the Coast Guard, but I think it is critical throughout the country. And one of the things that would be put on hold is upgrading the Coast Guard’s ice-breaking fleet. 
Last winter alone, when the Great 
Lakes froze, $705 million in shipping was lost and 3,800 jobs because we didn’t have a Coast Guard ice-breaker that can open a channel on the Great Lakes. 
Under a short-term budget, aging nu-
clear weapons equipment will not be replaced. That causes gaps in an area where mistakes are simply unaccept-able and too dangerous even to com-prehend. 
A short-term budget would delay up-
grades to emergency communications for first responders—something I have already talked about—as we think about how they respond to local emer-gencies. 
The best way forward is to provide 
certainty and stability for the men and women who fulfill homeland security’s mission to protect the United States from harm. To ensure our local com-munities and our States that we are providing the resources they need, we need to pass a clean bill—a clean bill that was agreed to last December. 
Lurching from funding crisis to fund-
ing crisis is a terrible way to govern. It is an especially terrible way to govern when our Nation is dealing with major threats. The clean bill that was agreed to by the House and Senate last De-cember provides a good budget that strengthens our Nation, protects against known threats, properly sup-ports homeland security and those who serve on the front lines of protecting this country. 
The negotiated agreement includes 
critical increases in funding and sup-port for border security, for cyber secu-rity, and for other national security initiatives. It maintains strong mari-time security operations provided by the Coast Guard. The agreement fully funds continued cyber security ad-vancements. It invests in innovative solutions for border security, for bio-logical defense, and for explosives de-tection. 
Senators on both sides of the aisle 
have talked about the importance of border security and a clean bill that robustly funds border security require-ments. The clean bill funds customs and border protections requirements to apprehend, care for, and transmit unac-companied alien children, while main-
taining 21,370 Border Patrol agents on our borders and safely facilitating le-gitimate travel and trade. 
The agreement also funds enhanced 
border security technologies as well as air and marine surveillance along our land and maritime borders to help the Department better interdict illegal crossing of people and narcotics. 
It allocates grant funding to train 
and equip first responders, continuing real progress and efficient prepared-ness, as was so evident in New England in the response to the Boston mara-thon bombing. 
And the agreement fully funds known 
disaster needs and prepares us for the next disaster. 
In closing, let us support our na-
tional security funding by passing a clean bill to fund the Department of Homeland Security for the rest of this fiscal year. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, today 
I stand in support of the Keystone Pipeline project. As an Alaskan, I feel it is important to talk about this bill and the importance of American en-ergy infrastructure. 
I live in a State with one of the 
world’s largest pipelines. In 1973, after bitter debate—similar to the debate about Keystone—Congress passed a bill that led to the construction of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System—what we in Alaska call TAPS. It almost didn’t happen. The Vice President at the time, serving as the President of the Senate, cast the tie-breaking vote. Then, like now, opponents howled. They said TAPS would be an environ-mental disaster. They said bird and caribou populations would be deci-mated. 
But none of that happened. In fact, 
birds and caribou flourished, showing we can develop energy infrastructure responsibly with the highest standards 
in the world. Alaska proves this every day. TAPS was completed in 1978. It has carried almost 17 billion barrels of oil to energy-thirsty American mar-kets. It is a technological and environ-mental marvel and a critical compo-nent of America’s energy infrastruc-ture. It has been a resounding success for this country and for my State. It is the engine of growth for Alaska’s econ-omy. The proven safest, most environ-mentally responsible way to transport oil is through a pipeline. I am certain Keystone will also prove a success. 
In supporting Keystone, I am also 
standing for a larger, more important principle—the ideal that the Federal Government should be a partner in op-portunity, a partner in progress, not an obstacle. I am standing in support of what has defined this country for cen-turies—the idea of the American dream. 
The American dream is still alive in 
my home State. Yes, we have major challenges, like all States. But in Alas-ka, we still have hope. We still dream 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S501 January 27, 2015 
big dreams, and TAPS helps fuel these 
dreams. 
In Alaska, the very air we breathe is 
bathed in promise. The people still speak the language of bold ideas and rugged adventure. It is these people of all colors and creeds who make up the tapestry of Alaska that give us our strength. It is the enormous opportuni-ties of our natural resources—whether world-class fisheries or oil and gas re-serves—that drive the economic engine of my State. 
But despite this promise and oppor-
tunity, I also see anxiety and frustra-tion, and even fear, in the eyes of my fellow Alaskans, just as I know others are seeing this across the country. De-spite what we are hearing from this ad-ministration, Americans have real rea-sons to feel this way. 
Business startups are at a 35-year 
low, as is the percentage of Americans actually looking for work. More small businesses failed than were started this past year. Over three-quarters of Amer-icans now believe their kids’ future will be less promising than their own. 
Believing that we will leave our chil-
dren a better tomorrow is the essence of the American dream. But for many, that dream is starting to fade. This does not have to be. We live in a State and a country with so much untapped potential, so many opportunities, and so much promise that can bring limit-less possibilities for our kids and our grandkids. Yet, in Alaska and through-out America, people are feeling that the heavy hand of the Federal Govern-ment is not working in their interests. 
The boldness of America is being 
bludgeoned by bureaucrats, with new Executive orders and regulations aris-ing everywhere. And every time an-other one of those unneeded, often ab-surd, regulations is promulgated, a lit-tle bit of hope dies. 
A little bit of hope dies every time a 
doctor’s office is shuttered or someone loses health care because of the com-plexities and costs of ObamaCare. 
A little hope dies when a rural com-
munity wants to build a road that will protect its citizens and is told by the Secretary of the Interior that birds are more important than their lives. 
And a lot of hope dies when the peo-
ple in my State are told that the re-sources that are rightfully theirs can’t be developed, and their lands and waters can’t be fished and hunted to put food on their table. 
I support the Keystone Pipeline. It 
will create thousands of jobs. That is why it has the overwhelming support of American labor unions. It will en-hance America’s energy infrastructure and contribute billions to our econ-omy. That is why it has the support of the American people. 
But just one bill, one pipeline, one 
project is not enough. It is not nearly enough. 
Since the founding of this country we 
have had important debates right here, on this floor, about the role of the Fed-eral Government in our lives. Judging from what Americans are telling us, 
the reach of the Federal Government has hit its limits, it has exceeded its limits. Our citizens are telling us that their government—and it is their gov-ernment—has gone well beyond deriv-ing its powers from the consent of the government. What the American people are telling us, what Alaskans are tell-ing me is they want a Federal Govern-ment that helps ignite their hope, not smother it. 
We have a job to do. We must work to 
address the anxiety and frustration of the people we serve. We must work to once again unleash the great potential that is Alaska and America. And we must work to reinvigorate faith in the American dream. 
How do we do this? Let me suggest 
two ideas. 
First, we must stop delaying eco-
nomic projects that benefit our citi-zens. Purposeful delays and roadblocks have been the hallmark of this admin-istration’s approach to infrastructure projects that benefit Americans, and Alaska has been ground zero for such delays. Bridges, roads, mines that take years simply to permit, not to build; oil wells that cannot be drilled on Fed-eral lands despite billions of dollars of leases from the private sector to the Federal Government; a state-of-the-art clean coal plant that sits idle for over a decade despite the dire need for lower cost energy throughout Alaska. 
The Keystone Pipeline, a project that 
has been studied for 6 years, is just the latest example of the willful delay that has been the weapon of choice for this administration for killing projects they don’t like. 
Enough is enough. We are Americans. 
We know what we are capable of. We built the 1,700-mile Alaskan-Canadian Highway, the Alcan Highway, through some of the world’s most rugged ter-rain, in less than a year. We built the Empire State Building in 410 days. The Pentagon was built in 16 months. There is no reason that Keystone should have been studied for 6 years. 
If the executive branch continues to 
dither on America’s economic future, Congress can and should act to expe-dite such projects. That is what we are doing with Keystone, and that is what I will be pressing the Congress to do for Alaska’s and America’s next great en-ergy infrastructure project—the Alas-ka LNG project—which will create thousands of jobs and provide clean and affordable energy to Americans and our allies for decades. 
Second, we need more, not less, ac-
cess to our Federal lands. As Ameri-cans, these are our lands. We own them. They are not the Department of the Interior’s or BLM’s lands. Yet this administration is adamant on keeping us from responsibly developing them. Once again, Alaska is ground zero for their efforts. 
Through Executive orders of various 
dubious legal merit, this administra-tion locked up half the National Petro-leum Reserve of Alaska. This isn’t a national park. NPRA is an area specifi-
cally set aside by Congress for oil and gas development. And just this week-end, in another brazen action, the Obama administration announced they are working to lock up millions of acres of land on Alaska’s coastal plain, some of the Nation’s richest oil and gas prospects. 
This is an affront to Alaskans and 
Americans who cherish security—en-ergy security—the rule of law, and the strength of our Nation, and it is an af-front to Members of Congress regard-less of party. How we develop Alaska’s lands is an area where Congress, not the Executive, has preeminent author-ity. 
I think the Obama administration 
needs a reminder of what article 4, sec-tion 3 of the Constitution states: 
The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States . . . 
This brings me to my third point: We 
must get back to the rule of law. The rule of law, carefully built up and nur-tured for centuries in America, is a fundamental pillar of our great Nation. Most countries don’t have it. We do. It is a gift. But if we continue to erode this rule of law, we ultimately under-mine what it means to be an American, and it will be hard to get it back. 
But I hope, because there are still 
enough of us here who respect the rule of law and see the Constitution not as a mere suggestion but as the founda-tion for the structure of our govern-ment and our individual liberties. There have been cracks in the founda-tion recently, but the people sent us here to repair those cracks. 
Fourth, while I believe in a limited 
Federal Government, it is important to recognize where the Federal Govern-ment does not have responsibilities, it needs to carry out its duties with more efficiency and compassion, particularly toward the most vulnerable in society. This is especially true when it comes to honoring the sacred trusts of respon-sibility we have toward our veterans. 
That is why I cosponsored the Clay 
Hunt suicide prevention bill. I am con-fident my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will quickly vote on this im-portant measure and move it on to the President’s desk. 
It is also why I will support effective 
programs where the Federal Govern-ment and States can work together to address our problems throughout this country with regard to sexual assault and domestic violence. 
Fifth, and finally, we must challenge 
the conventional wisdom that has ex-isted in this town for decades that the Federal Government’s power and intru-siveness should always be expanding like some inevitable force of nature. Nowhere is this more important than reforming the overgrown regulatory thicket that strangles our future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S502 January 27, 2015 
According to the President’s own 
Small Business Administration, Fed-eral regulations impose an annual bur-den on our economy of close to $2 tril-lion. That is roughly $15,000 per year per American family. Federal regula-tions are sapping our strength as a Na-tion. So many of them don’t make sense, and others are not authorized by law or the Constitution as they must be. And, increasingly, those who pro-mulgate and enforce them are showing less and less restraint for the well- being of our citizens. 
The recent Obama administration 
ANWR assault is the latest example, and I will use all of my power to pro-tect the economic growth and pros-perity of Alaska. That is why I have al-ready filed amendments with Senator M
URKOWSKI to rescind the Obama ad-
ministration’s ANWR order. 
I have also filed an amendment that 
seeks to check another abuse of Fed-eral power. When the EPA was initially authorized in 1970, no one thought it necessary to arm its employees with weapons. But today, in a classic case of Federal Government power creep, close to 200 armed EPA agents are roaming our country. It is a disturbing fact. 
But it was particularly disturbing for 
a small group of miners who, during the summer of 2013, prospecting for gold in Chicken, AK, were swarmed by armed EPA agents. 
This wasn’t some huge mining con-
glomerate. This was a small mining op-eration in interior Alaska—sluice boxes with specks of Alaska gold, and EPA agents armed with rifles, body armor, a helicopter overhead, looking for Clean Water Act violations. They found none. And apart from terrifying the miners, they accomplished nothing. 
As Alaska’s former attorney general 
and commissioner of Natural Re-sources, I have worked with many fine Federal agents, and I understand the importance of sensible regulations that are based on the directives of Congress. But problems arise when regulations become excessive—and big problems arise when regulators are given guns to enforce these regulations. It is our re-sponsibility to say: Enough; to stand up for those we serve, and to roll back Federal power when necessary. 
I am all for a country with an armed 
citizenry. As a marine, I have taken an oath to defend and fight for this crit-ical constitutional freedom. However, I am not for a country with an armed bureaucracy. 
Let’s give my State and the rest of 
the country a little hope that we are doing the jobs they sent us here to do. One concrete step in that direction would be to pass this simple amend-ment I am offering to disarm the EPA. They can certainly do their job with-out having guns. They have done so in the past, and they should be able to do so in the future. 
Finally, I will close with a few words 
on how I view my mission here. I sus-pect it doesn’t differ greatly from what most of us hope to accomplish. We all want the best for the people we serve 
and the States we represent. We want to be strong here at home, which will help us be respected once again by our allies and feared by our adversaries. We want our children to be safe and se-cure, and we want the same for our neighbor. 
We want to live in a country of un-
limited opportunity—a country of Alaska-sized dreams. We want a gov-ernment that holds dear what our Founding Fathers knew—that all pow-ers are derived from the consent of the governed. I think most of us can agree that we must unleash our country’s enormous economic potential once again. 
I believe our government should be 
helping us, not hindering us from achieving these efforts. I believe unlocking our country’s vast energy potential is one of the best ways to re-ignite the American dream. 
Despite challenges, despite big gov-
ernment’s creep into our lives, and de-spite armed EPA agents, we continue to live in the greatest country in the world—in the history of the world. There is no doubt about that. The peo-ple who sent us here still have big dreams and big hopes. Let’s help those dreams grow and their hopes flourish. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). The majority leader. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
wish to congratulate our new colleague from Alaska on his initial address to the Senate and just comment that it could not be more timely, as his State is obviously under assault by this ad-ministration. His prescription for the way forward, both for Alaska and America, strikes me as entirely appro-priate for our country, and I congratu-late our colleague. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. I wish to thank the 
majority leader for his kind words and all my other colleagues who came to witness a new Senator’s maiden speech. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, I also 
wish to congratulate our new colleague from Alaska. Well said, and welcome. The two Senators from Alaska have dominated the start of this new ses-sion, and we are glad they have because they are bringing very important legis-lation and decisions to this body. So I congratulate both the senior and junior Senators from Alaska for their efforts, and I look forward to working together to accomplish what we all want to ac-complish—a growing economy and bet-ter opportunities for Americans. The Senator from Alaska is certainly an important component of that in lead-ing the way to that goal. 
INDIANA HEALTH CARE  
Mr. President, this morning we re-
ceived the announcement that after nearly 2 years of negotiations, the State of Indiana and the U.S. Depart-ment of Health and Human Services 
have reached a major breakthrough, an agreement that approves Indiana’s Healthy Indiana Plan 2.0 waiver appli-cation by allowing it to move forward and be implemented. 
This agreement is great news for 
hundreds of thousands of low-income Hoosiers and a testament to the effec-tiveness of the current Healthy Indiana Plan. Now an expansion of that will be made possible through this waiver. It solidifies Indiana’s position at the fore-front of Medicaid reform and the ad-vancement of consumer-driven health care. Those are key words—reforming a current dysfunctional and broken Med-icaid system, advancing consumer- driven health care, getting consumers into the role of making decisions about their health and not just having a gov-ernment agency say: This is what you can get, and this is what you cannot get or this is what makes you healthy. The Healthy Indiana Plan incentivizes consumers to determine what is best for their own health. 
The Healthy Indiana Plan was origi-
nally crafted under Indiana’s former Governor Mitch Daniels. He extended health care coverage to lower-income residents who earned too much to qual-ify for Medicaid but too little to afford quality health coverage. 
The guiding principle of the original 
plan was simple. Individually owned and directed health care coverage has a positive effect for individual citizens and the health care system as a whole. We have proven that giving people a stake in their own health care deci-sions works. 
Governor Daniels put it well in a 2010 
Wall Street Journal article, stating: 
Americans can make sound, thrifty deci-
sions about their own health. If national pol-icy trusted and encouraged them to do so, our sky-rocketing health care costs would decelerate. 
The original plan had three main ob-
jectives: individual control of health care spending, taxpayer protection based on the stipulation that enroll-ment could not grow faster than avail-able funding, and disease prevention by 
incentivizing preventive care. 
Then in 2013 our current Governor, 
Mike Pence, announced plans to reform and expand the original Healthy Indi-ana Plan to cover more low-income Hoosiers. Today, after more than a year and a half of negotiations, the Healthy Indiana Plan 2.0 has received a green light from the Obama adminis-tration. Coverage will begin on Feb-ruary 1 of this year. 
I applaud Governor Pence, and I ap-
plaud Health and Human Services Sec-retary Sylvia Burwell for working to-gether to move forward to continue In-diana’s successful consumer-driven ap-proach that empowers members and provides access to quality care. 
This agreement will expand an exist-
ing proven program to more than 350,000 low-income Hoosiers and allow the State of Indiana to end traditional Medicaid for all nondisabled adults be-tween the ages of 19 and 64. They will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S503 January 27, 2015 
be transitioned into the new plan just 
approved through this waiver. 
The answer to our Nation’s health 
care problems is not the broken status quo of ObamaCare. Indiana has shown, and will continue to show, that reform-ing traditional Medicaid and offering innovative health care solutions is the right way to empower individual citi-zens as they seek access to quality health care. Once again, Indiana is leading the way nationally by creating State-based innovative ideas for gov-erning. 
As I serve individuals and Hoosiers 
here in Washington, I have often turned to what I call the Indiana model as a blueprint for a more efficient and fiscally responsible Federal Govern-ment. I developed a legislative road-map that I call the Indiana Way—a 10- point plan that takes the model of In-diana, which it has put in place and proven over the last 10 years, and the ideas that I have gathered from Hoo-siers as I travel about the State—ideas and plans that will make our State and Nation stronger. Innovative and effec-tive solutions put forward in Indiana are what is desperately needed in Washington today to put our country back on a path to economic growth and opportunity. 
I congratulate Governor Pence and 
our State on this terrific news, and I look forward to continuing to highlight Hoosier’s success stories and the Indi-ana way. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
wish to acknowledge my colleague from Alaska, and I appreciate the com-ments he made this morning in his first speech on the Senate floor and in choosing to clearly focus on the oppor-tunities that we have as a State and the challenges we face. 
I do feel it is unfortunate that, as a 
State, it seems that our largest battle is against our own federal government. How unfortunate is that? I feel very fortunate to have him as a partner here in the Senate as we take on these ini-tiatives that have such impact and are of such import to our State and to how we fit with the other 49 States. We have no shortage of issues to take up when it comes to Federal overreach and the impact it has on our Nation and our State and how we will be able to develop our resources. I look for-ward to working with the Senator in these different areas. 
I do have to comment, given where 
we are in the discussions here on the Senate floor about the Keystone XL Pipeline and what benefit that infra-structure will provide to this country by way of a resource that will help us with our energy security and truly helps us with our national security, is it not better to receive oil from our friend and our ally Canada than it is 
from Venezuela? To me these are sub-jects that should not even merit that level of discussion because it is just common sense. Yet this President and his adminis-
tration have taken 6 years to get to a point where they may decide on this issue. It has taken 6 years to decide whether it is in our country’s best in-terest to receive oil from a friend and neighbor rather than from those who would do us ill. And then in a stunning act on Sunday—in one breath—this ad-ministration has taken an area that has been identified as the greatest source of oil potential that we have in this country, outside of Prudhoe Bay, with an estimated mean average of 10.3 billion barrels, which could provide 1 million additional barrels a day that would come down the Trans-Alaska Pipeline, which my colleague has talked about, and would help us to pro-vide our Nation with the resource we need and would not only help us from a jobs and energy perspective but also from a security perspective. 
On one hand, the President is saying, 
nope, I think I would rather continue to receive oil from Venezuela and Nige-ria and all these other countries, and then on Sunday he just decides to put it off limits—the greatest source of oil we have identified in this country to date. 
Just this morning, the President re-
leased his 5-year lease-sale plan, which is putting off—not deferring but with-drawing—areas in the Beaufort and the Chukchi, which will limit our oppor-tunity for the 23 billion barrels of po-tential in the offshore there. 
As my colleague has noted, the Presi-
dent has taken off half of the national petroleum reserve—the area we have designated for accessing our oil and gas resources. There is a move underfoot right now where this administration, I believe, is going to make the first pro-duction in NPRA and push it to a place where it will be uneconomic. 
We have a stunning situation. This 
administration says they want an all of the above energy policy, except maybe in Alaska. We can’t do it in ANWR. We are going to push you off of NPRA, and offshore we are going to make it that much more difficult for you. We are going to put the throttle on Alaska’s energy opportunities for this country. We are going to put the throttle on Canada and say: Don’t run it through the United States—not down into the gulf coast where we have these refin-eries. 
What is he doing? He is putting our 
national security at risk with actions such as these. 
So when we talk about Keystone XL, 
this is more than just a pipe or piece of infrastructure crossing the border. We are talking about energy security and national security. Then we have ac-tions from this administration this week that choke off Alaska’s energy opportunities. This is why I need my colleague in this fight. Believe me, the Alaska delegation is prepared for it. 
It just causes us to wonder why. 
What are they thinking? What about energy security and national security for this country? We have the potential to be secure. North American energy 
independence is not a myth. It is real. But we have to have the will to make it happen—we certainly have the re-sources. We just need the ability, the opportunity to be able to develop them. So get out of the way and let us do that. 
My colleague from Washington and I 
have been working all morning trying to see if we can’t identify a series of amendments that we might be able to move to this afternoon. We would like to give colleagues a sense of how we are going to be advancing through these additional amendments, get some additional amendments up pending, and really lay out that process. I think we have had really constructive con-versation this morning, and I am en-couraged. Obviously, we have a few more issues to work out, but I am hopeful we will be able to announce— hopefully in the short term—a glide-path that will give Members a little more certainty. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. M
URKOWSKI . I ask unanimous 
consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:46 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT— 
Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
GUANTANAMO DETAINEES  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I 
rise in support of S. 165, which restores many of the terrorist detainee transfer safeguards that were weakened in the fiscal year 2014 National Defense Au-thorization Act, as well as imposes a 2- year bar on the transfer of detainees to Yemen. 
This legislation has been authored by 
Senator K
ELLY AYOTTE , one of the Sen-
ate’s foremost leaders on national se-curity, and its cosponsors include the chairman of the Armed Services Com-mittee, Senator J
OHNMCCAIN, and the 
chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence, Senator R
ICHARD BURR, as 
well as the Senate’s preeminent expert on military law, Senator L
INDSEY GRA-
HAM. 
I am honored to add my name to the 
list of Senators who have cosponsored this legislation. 
Mr. President, the effect of this legis-
lation is to preserve the ability of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S504 January 27, 2015 
United States to detain at our facili-
ties at Guantanamo Bay members of Al Qaeda and the Taliban—the organiza-tions responsible for the terrorist at-tacks of September 11, 2001. 
Why is keeping Guantanamo open so 
important? 
Simply put, Guantanamo affords our 
military a safe and secure location to detain those individuals held under the law of war or for violations of the law of war. 
If an enemy combatant is captured 
during an armed conflict, that indi-vidual can be held under the law of war. It is a generally accepted legal principle, affirmed repeatedly by the Supreme Court, that enemy combat-ants can be held at least until a con-flict is concluded. 
If an individual is held for a violation 
of the laws of war, that means they are being detained until they can be pros-ecuted for a war crime they are alleged to have committed. 
The detainee population of Guanta-
namo contains battle-hardened terror-ists. Indeed, the threat they pose is amply demonstrated since 29 percent of Guantanamo detainees released so far are confirmed or suspected of rejoining the fight against the United States. 
Now, Mr. President, Cliff Sloan, who 
was the State Department’s envoy for closing Guantanamo Bay, recently wrote in a New York Times editorial that this nearly 30 percent recidivism rate was ‘‘deeply flawed.’’ It appears Mr. Sloan only wants the Congress and the American people to consider the confirmed rate rather than the com-bined confirmed and suspected recidi-vism rate. 
Mr. President, if Congress and the 
American people are truly to under-stand the risks inherent in this admin-istration’s insistence on releasing Guantanamo Bay detainees, we must consider this combined number. How can that be deeply flawed? 
Mr. Sloan goes on to state that the 
level of recidivism is much lower since 2009. However, this lower rate, if accu-rate, undoubtedly does not include the five senior Taliban leaders who were il-legally released to Qatar and whose 1- year travel ban is about to expire. Un-less the Qatari Government prevents it, soon these terrorists will be free to go wherever they wish. 
I am also concerned that this new 
number might not fully incorporate the activities and future actions of those detainees who have been trans-ferred in recent months. One of the major advantages of locating our de-tention operations at Guantanamo Bay is that it is well-settled law that the United States can hold individuals held under the law of war or for violations of the law of war at our facilities there. 
Now, I personally believe current Su-
preme Court precedent would enable us to hold both law of war and violations of law of war detainees in the United States. However, if these detainees are moved into the United States, every attorney representing detainees would rush to federal court and file new law-suits seeking their clients’ release. In-deed, there exists a very real possi-
bility that a court might release a de-tainee into the United States, espe-cially in light of the Obama adminis-tration’s unwillingness, in some cases, to defend against detainees’ habeas pe-titions to the fullest extent. As such, the risks of transferring these detain-ees into the United States are great. 
Guantanamo Bay also affords us a 
much better environment to bring and hold newly apprehended terrorists. In-side the United States, the Supreme Court has mandated that criminal sus-pects be read their rights—including their right to remain silent and right to a lawyer—subject to only a narrow public safety exception. Such limits on interrogations severely hinder our abil-ity to gather information from cap-tured terrorists, who have time and again proven to be the source of vital intelligence. 
Consider, for example, how officials 
were only able to interrogate the Bos-ton Marathon bomber for just 16 hours before he was read his rights and im-mediately stopped cooperating. As one of the longest serving members ever of the Intelligence Committee, I can as-sure you that it takes far longer to gather all of the important informa-tion we can from most terrorists. 
Moving detainees into the United 
States also presents serious domestic security concerns. A number of ter-rorist groups such as Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula have become quite adept at jailbreaks. Bringing a con-centration of terrorist detainees into the United States therefore could cre-ate a particularly appealing target in the homeland for jihadist radicals, whereas at Guantanamo Bay they are essentially isolated in a facility well secured by the U.S. military. 
Clearly there are ample and compel-
ling legal and national security reasons to maintain our detention operations at Guantanamo Bay. That is why Sen-ator A
YOTTE ’s legislation is so impor-
tant. It ensures we will continue to use this vital facility by restoring the transfer restrictions that have enabled us to keep these individuals in such a secure location. 
A little over a year ago, there was a 
profound change in the laws governing the transfer of Guantanamo detainees overseas. Before fiscal year 2014 legisla-tion, the Congress had repeatedly en-acted provisions in the annual Defense Authorization Act which all but pre-vented the transfer of Guantanamo de-tainees. 
Specifically, these previous laws re-
quired the Secretary of Defense to cer-tify in writing, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and in consulta-tion with the Director of National In-telligence, that certain criteria had been met before the transfer of a de-tainee abroad could occur—in par-ticular, that the foreign entity receiv-ing a detainee has ‘‘taken or agreed to take effective actions to ensure that the individual cannot take action to threaten the United States’’ as well as ‘‘taken or agreed to take such actions as the Secretary of Defense determines are necessary to ensure the individual 
cannot engage or reengage in any ter-rorist activity.’’ 
Despite this, with few exceptions, the 
law prohibited the transfer of detainees to countries to which detainees had previously been transferred and subse-quently reengaged in terrorism. Yet the law did afford the Secretary of De-fense a national security waiver that negated the requirements if other standards were met. 
So the bottom line here is that under 
the old law it was very difficult—as it should be—to transfer Guantanamo Bay detainees overseas. 
But the Obama administration, bent 
on an ideological crusade to empty Guantanamo no matter the cost, suc-cessfully lobbied to relax these restric-tions in the Fiscal Year 2014 Defense Authorization Act. The newly weak-ened provisions permitted the transfer of detainees overseas as long as the Secretary of Defense determined that ‘‘the individual is no longer a threat to the national security of the United States.’’ This is, of course, a lesser standard than requiring a certification that the individual cannot threaten the United States or reengage in terrorist activity. 
In addition, under the Fiscal Year 
2014 law, the Secretary could even au-thorize the transfer of a detainee as long as the Secretary determined the transfer was in the interest of the United States and action had been or was to be taken which will substan-tially mitigate the chance of recidi-vism. 
While the statute does require the 
Secretary of Defense to take into con-sideration a number of factors before making this decision, the reality of the new regime is that the Secretary has far more ability to transfer detainees overseas. 
The Obama administration quickly 
seized on this new power. In the past year the number of Guantanamo Bay detainees has been decreased from 155 to 122. And despite this new transfer authority, the Obama administration had the audacity to violate even the re-laxed transfer restrictions less than 6 months after the law’s enactment—spe-cifically by transferring five senior Taliban commanders to Qatar without providing Congress 30 days of notifica-
tion. Since then, the administration, after a brief lull, has continued and even increased the pace of detainees being transferred overseas. 
These deeply troubling moves by the 
Obama administration demonstrate the vital importance of Senator A
YOTTE ’s 
bill. It restores the previous transfer restrictions. Specifically, it requires the Secretary of Defense, with the con-currence of the Secretary of State and in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, to certify that certain safeguards are in place and that threat of recidivism is very small before a transfer can be undertaken. 
Furthermore, this legislation also 
places a 2-year ban on the transfer of detainees to Yemen. This restriction is especially important because approxi-mately half of the remaining detainees at Guantanamo are from Yemen. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S505 January 27, 2015 
Yemen is one of our most critical 
partners in the fight against terror, and we cooperate closely with the Yemeni Government in the fight against Al Qaeda in the Arabian Penin-sula. But because of the presence of this menacing group within Yemen’s borders, the security situation there is dire, and it seems to be deteriorating as we speak. 
Just last week the Houthi, a Shia 
rebel group, seized control of Yemen’s Presidential palace, forcing the res-ignation of the President, Prime Min-ister, and Cabinet. In December of 2013 AQAP launched a well-coordinated as-sault on the Yemeni Ministry of De-fense that left 52 dead, not to mention a number of jailbreaks from the Yem-eni correctional facilities in which, ac-cording to press reports, numerous members of AQAP were freed. 
The unvarnished truth is that it will 
take many years and much effort to bring about the security improvements in Yemen needed before we can be con-fident that detainees returned there will not return to the battlefield. That is why this section of Senator A
YOTTE ’s 
legislation is so important. 
Our policies must be based on defeat-
ing the real threats facing our Nation, not pacifying the ideological passions of an extreme few, which is why I was so disappointed by another recent New York Times editorial about this legis-lation. The Times called Senator A
YOTTE ‘‘opportunistic,’’ if you can be-
lieve that, for citing the very real threat of a Paris-style attack on the homeland and termed her description of Yemen as ‘‘the wild, wild West,’’ as ‘‘odd.’’ I cannot imagine a better way to describe the disturbing security sit-uation in Yemen. And based on years of evidence, one can only conclude Sen-ator A
YOTTE is right. Frankly, I believe 
the New York Times owes Senator A
YOTTE an apology, and I hope they 
will be big enough to do that. 
We need this legislation because it 
restores proper protections from the threats posed by released detainees. I hope the rest of my colleagues will join me in supporting this legislation. 
I thank the Presiding Officer and 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I would 
like to make a statement about the Keystone XL Pipeline. This first came before this body some 4 years ago. I said at the time that the pipeline was a good idea. Why? Because it would create construction jobs. It would re-duce America’s reliance on Middle Eastern oil for our energy. I said also that the pipeline must be built right. What does that mean? It means two things. First, Keystone must be built to the highest of safety standards. That only makes sense. And we must have respect for private property rights when that pipeline is built. 
Just like everything else in Wash-
ington, the Keystone was eventually made into a political football, and it has dragged on for 4 years. It has taken 
on a life of its own. And to be straight and level with you, folks on both sides of the aisle have turned it into some-thing much bigger than it really is. 
At the start of the 114th Congress, I 
was hopeful that there would be enough momentum behind the pipeline to finally get it done and begin con-struction. But since the swearing-in ceremony 3 weeks ago, my faith in our ability to have a deliberative debate has been shaken. Last week’s political stunts were simply unacceptable. We can’t tell the American people we are going to responsibly govern when in fact we stopped Senators from even speaking on the floor about amend-ments they have offered. 
The majority decried these kinds of 
practices last Congress. Many of us agreed. But to start with these kinds of actions in the new Congress is discour-aging, to say the least. I hope this week we can have an open debate, make this bill better, pick up a few more votes, and finally approve the Keystone Pipeline for building. 
Ten days ago an oil pipeline burst in 
eastern Indiana. It spilled about 40,000 gallons of oil into and around the Yel-lowstone River. Six thousand residents in Dawson County, MT, had their water cut off for 5 days after oil got into the local water treatment plant. Cleanup crews are slowly making progress re-moving oil from an ice-covered river. 
This oilspill was unacceptable. What 
is worse, it was completely preventible. The pipeline that burst last week was nearly 60 years old. It had not been in-spected in at least 2 years. Pipelines, just like roads and bridges and rail-roads, get old and they wear out. If we want pipelines to operate properly, they need to be regularly inspected and upgraded. 
In December, during the lameduck, 
Congress plussed up the budget for PHMSA—the agency that does pipeline inspections—giving PHMSA the re-sources to hire more than 100 pipeline safety inspectors. It is clear we need to get these folks hired, trained, and working on the ground. We also need to look at how PHMSA spends those dol-lars and whether resources are ade-quate to inspect the Nation’s 2.6 mil-lion miles of pipeline. 
Despite the criticisms, pipelines are 
still the safest way to transport oil. We have seen the headlines—we have all seen them—in recent years of oil trains exploding, trucks running off the road that carry oil. 
In 2013, one explosion in Canada lev-
eled an entire town. It killed 47 people. Months later, another oil train trav-eling in North Dakota burst into flames and caused an entire town to evacuate. 
In northwestern Montana, the resort 
town of Whitefish is situated a few miles west of Glacier National Park. The town is home to a world-class ski hill and one of the world’s most pris-tine lakes. Every day oil tank cars run past Whitefish Lake carrying thou-sands of gallons of oil. The environ-
mental impact of an explosion or spill on that railroad would devastate that lake, and it would devastate that re-gion, its water supply, and have serious impacts on the State’s economy. 
In fact, in 1989, a freight train de-
railed as it was circling Whitefish Lake and four cars slid into the water and leaked out some fuel. Twenty-three years later—just 2 years ago—they fi-nally finished the cleanup. Imagine if those cars were carrying crude as they do today. 
Pipelines are the fastest way to 
transport oil. Until this body can agree that climate change is real and start making smart investments in alter-native energy sources, our economy still needs traditional ways. 
I have said many times I still power 
my farm equipment with diesel fuel. I don’t have any options. So it is clear to me we need a way to transport oil, and Keystone is that way. And, yes, in Montana, it will create jobs. According to the State Department’s analysis, construction of the pipeline would cre-ate 3,700 jobs. Over $700 million worth of construction materials and support costs would come to eastern Montana. That is not to mention the tax base that would be increased. But safety must come first. We need the best ma-terials; we need more inspections. We simply cannot afford another spill. 
Finally, I want to talk about emi-
nent domain. Everyone in this body should agree that a foreign corporation should not be allowed to seize private property here in America. That is a fact. Unfortunately, we couldn’t agree on that last Thursday. There was an amendment offered by Senator M
ENEN -
DEZstating that TransCanada can only 
acquire land from willing sellers. But there are Members of the U.S. Senate who put profits of a foreign corporation above the constitutional rights of American citizens. If someone had told me in January of 2007, when I was first sworn in, that my colleagues would one day vote against such an amendment, I simply would not have believed it, but that is exactly what happened. I am disappointed that amendment failed, but I do believe we can improve upon this bill by including commonsense re-porting requirements that would en-sure this pipeline is built in a trans-parent way. 
Senator C
ARDIN has an amendment to 
do just that, and I for one support it. Private property rights should not be a partisan issue, and I would hope my colleagues would join me in supporting this measure. Let’s not race to cloture. Let’s not race to trample private prop-erty rights of Americans. Let’s get this bill passed, and let’s do it in the right way. 
This pipeline is not a long-term solu-
tion for our energy problems, but it is one piece of the puzzle. We must make meaningful investments in research and development so we can make car-bon-neutral energy sources more acces-sible and affordable. Until we do that, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S506 January 27, 2015 
the reality is that this economy still 
runs on oil. 
This pipeline helps get us to the next 
step. I still believe in this pipeline. I believe Keystone can boost our energy independence and will create jobs in the short term and over the long haul, but we need to debate this bill. We need a chance to make it better, to make the pipelines safer, and send a message to the American people we are serious about investing in our long-term en-ergy future. If we don’t do that, we won’t build the Keystone. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I would 
like to speak about the Keystone XL Pipeline. At the outset this Senator wants to say the conclusion of this Senator is that this is much more about politics than it is about energy policy, than it is about the economy of this country, particularly so since the price of oil has gone from something in excess of $100 a barrel down to the range of $46 a barrel. 
Likewise, the fact that the United 
States is now the No. 1 producer of oil in the world—in large part because of our brethren and sistren in the Senate who represent those Northern Plains States as well as the Southwestern States where they are producing all of this newly found oil from the shale rock which has strengthened the eco-nomic position of our country. Think about it, No. 1 producer in the world. That is us. As a result, we do not have to be nearly as dependent on the Mid-dle East, from where we used to get at least 50, 60 percent of our oil or from other areas such as Nigeria or Ven-ezuela. 
I have just mentioned three very un-
stable parts of the world. Yet that is the position we have been in, but that has changed. It is now the 21st century. As a result of new technologies, we are the No. 1 producer of oil in the world. So back when we were not, when we were still dependent on foreign oil, there was a discovery in Canada—West-ern Canada—the ability to extract oil from the heavy tar in these tar sands. 
The Canadians wanted an outlet for 
that. It made it much more appealing to us, to the United States back then, when oil was over $100 a barrel and we were still importing a lot of it from abroad. But interestingly, the Cana-dians wanted and suggested a pipeline that would come right through the middle of the United States, from the north in Canada, through the middle of the United States, down to the gulf coast, to the refineries. 
Why didn’t they go west from the 
western States of Canada to the Pacific to have an outlet? They had to cross 
the Rocky Mountains. Of course that was going to be expensive. It was also going to roil up a bunch of the Cana-dian environmentalists. So the idea of the Keystone XL was born. 
What does XL stand for? Extra large. 
Well, if it was extra large, it implies there is an existing pipeline. Indeed there is. I want to show it to you. This orange line is an existing pipeline com-ing from Alberta, northeast of Calgary, across Saskatchewan into Manitoba, and then it comes down through North Dakota, South Dakota, eastern Ne-braska, and there it forks right at the Kansas line. One line goes east all the way into Illinois, and the other line goes south through Kansas into Okla-homa. 
I said at the outset this is much more 
about politics as opposed to energy pol-icy, as well as economics because this all heated up—XL, extra large—during the last Presidential election. Of course those who raise this issue were trying to say: Unless you embrace this XL you are against the United States being energy independent. 
Well, an interesting thing happened 
along the way. From Cushing, OK, there was no line directly going to the gulf coast, where the refineries are in Houston and Port Arthur. The Presi-dent approved that. That has been con-structed. I am advised that has just opened in the last few days—so the ex-isting line, all the way from Alberta, Canada, through the heartland of America, all the way to the gulf coast. That is that. 
But XL, extra large, to carry more 
oil, was proposed. The route that is now proposed is here. That looks like it makes sense because it cuts off the dogleg and does a straight line. But originally it had come much further to the west, right over the environ-mentally sensitive lands of the aquifer in central Nebraska where so much of the water resources for the entire Mid-western United States come from. 
This Senator said, back in the Presi-
dential election of 2012: If you really want a bigger pipeline and you want to avoid all of the controversy over the environment, which this proposed route certainly has since it is extra large, why do you not just run it along the existing pipeline? The right of way is already there. Indeed, it is now com-plete all the way to the gulf coast. Why do you not run it just right along and you would have a lot less opposition? 
But no. This Senator comes back to 
his main point: This is all about poli-tics. It is all about trying to make some look as though they are anti-en-ergy and others look as though they are pro-energy. But it is what it is. It is 2 years later, and here we are. 
The proposal is to still come across 
parts of Montana, South Dakota, fur-ther east in Nebraska, and join with the existing pipeline. So what is con-fronting a Senator such as this who certainly wants us to be energy inde-pendent? Well, then, if we are going to have additional oil supplies as a 
backup, maybe that would be a good consideration. So let’s make sure this new source of foreign oil—that we have a chance to use it in this country, since it is going to come right down the mid-dle of America. 
No. No. No can do. This foreign oil, 
for those who are proposing what we are about to vote on, is going right down the gullet of America, right down the middle of America to the gulf coast, and it is going to be exported to foreign countries. So a little old coun-try boy such as I wonders: Now, wait. Let me get this straight. You want for-eign oil to build a big oil pipeline to run right through the middle of Amer-ica as a conduit to send right out to other foreign countries and not be uti-lized in this country? 
Sadly, the answer to that is yes. That 
is what we are confronting. We had an amendment that Canada could not ex-port it. We could use it here for Amer-ican purposes. But sadly that amend-ment was defeated by the purists who want it to be exactly as they want it to be, a tool of foreign oil to send through the middle of America in a conduit to other foreign nations. 
This Senator does not think that is 
in the interests of this country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, I come 
first of all in celebration, in celebra-tion that the Senate is finally working again. In just 27 days we have seen more amendments voted on on the floor of the Senate than under the Democratic majority in the entire year of 2014. We once again have a Senate where Republicans and Democrats can offer their amendments, can debate their amendments, and can vote them up or down. 
One of the resounding consequences 
of the election in November is the American people were tired of the Democratic do-nothing Senate. We have a Senate that has shown up to work. 
The bill we are voting on, the under-
lying bill, is an example of what the priorities should be in the Senate. The Keystone Pipeline bill ought to be a no-brainer. It ought to be an example of bipartisan cooperation. 
Indeed, one of the very first things I 
did 2 years ago when I was newly elect-ed to this body was join with 10 Sen-ators, 5 Democrats and 5 Republicans, in sending a bipartisan letter to the President saying approve the Keystone Pipeline now. 
Why? No. 1, it will produce jobs, tens 
of thousands of high-paying jobs. No. 2, it will increase tax revenue. It will in-crease revenue for the Federal Govern-ment, for State and local governments. That revenue can be used to pay down our national debt to provide for our vital needs. 
No. 3, it will enhance our national se-
curity by allowing us to move toward North American energy independence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S507 January 27, 2015 
rather than being dependent on foreign 
nations for oil, nations whose interests are very different and sometimes hos-tile to our own. 
No. 4, building the Keystone Pipeline 
is unequivocally better for the environ-ment. 
Indeed, I have joked: If you are a 
bearded, tattooed, Birkenstock-wear-ing, tree-hugging, Green Peace activ-ist, you should love the Keystone Pipe-line, because if the pipeline is not built, it means we will continue to bring our oil in on overseas tankers and on rail, both of which are far more dangerous for the environment than a pipeline, both of which we know to a certainty that as long as there are tankers on the oceans there will be spills, as long as there is rail there will be spills. 
Moreover, if the pipeline is not built 
north-south, it is not as though our friends the Canadians are simply going to leave the oil where it is, they are going to build the pipeline east-west, and instead of allowing it to be refined in America where it produces high-pay-ing jobs here up and down the gulf coast, the alternative is it would be re-fined in Asia and China in far dirtier refineries that pollute the environment even more. 
So this ought to be a no-brainer. This 
ought to be an example of where Re-publicans and Democrats come to-gether in agreement. But, sadly, it is not, and it is not because the modern Democratic Party has made a decision between two traditionally favored chil-dren of the Democratic Party. The modern Democratic Party has made a decision that they care more about the campaign donations from California environmentalist billionaires than they do about the jobs for union mem-bers. 
I suggest that the 100 Senators who 
are elected to the Senate ought to be fighting for the hard-working men and women. We ought to be fighting for the union members, for all of the men and women who want good, decent-paying jobs, who want to provide for their kids, and who are tired of the stagna-tion of the Obama economy. 
Only last week we heard the Presi-
dent give his State of the Union Ad-dress, where he talked about how swimmingly the economy is going. 
Well, you know, he was right. If you 
happen to be one of those California en-vironmentalist billionaires, if you hap-pen to be in the top 1 percent—the mil-lionaires and billionaires whom the President demagogues—then you have 
indeed become richer under President Obama. 
Today the top 1 percent earn a higher 
share of our economy than in any year since 1928. Those who walk the cor-ridors of power in the Obama adminis-tration have gotten fat and happy. 
Yet for working men and women, 
union members, their lives have gotten harder and harder and harder. We have, today, the lowest labor-force participa-tion since 1978. Median income in this country has stagnated for two decades. Yet what is the Democratic Party 
doing? Marshalling every vote it can to vote against union members, to vote against hard-working men and women, to stand with the big dollars coming out of California. What a sad, sad statement of priorities that is. 
So let me commend majority leader 
M
ITCH MCCONNELL for bringing up an 
open process, allowing Democrats amendments. I would be happy to vote on Democratic amendments all day long and Republican amendments on the merit. Let me commend the major-ity as well for focusing on the issues that matter to the American people— namely, bringing back jobs and eco-nomic growth and opportunity. 
Now, in the course of this open 
amendment proceeding, I have sub-mitted three different amendments. One would get rid of the longstanding anachronistic ban on exporting crude oil that was put in place in the 1970s. It makes no sense in the current environ-ment and is hurting jobs and economic growth. 
A second would obviate the need for 
having this fight every time a cross- border pipeline was built. It would streamline the process for building pipelines so we could move ahead with economic growth. 
Both of those amendments, I believe, 
are sound policy. I think they are sup-ported by the interests of Americans across this country. 
After long conversations with my 
friends and colleagues, Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI and Senator H OEVEN , we have 
agreed that we are going to have com-mittee hearings in the coming months focusing on both of those issues, laying out the facts and the data to make clear that these are unambiguously good—whether you are a Republican or a Democrat or an Independent or a Lib-ertarian—if you want jobs and eco-nomic growth. These reforms are sound reforms to bring back jobs, economic growth, and opportunity. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 
The third amendment I have sub-
mitted, which I am hopeful we will vote on either today or tomorrow, is an amendment to expedite exports of liq-uid natural gas. That is what I wish to speak about for just a few minutes. 
The amendment that I am presenting 
will expedite LNG exports to World Trade Organization members, removing unnecessary delays that have been caused by the arbitrary Department of Energy approval process. 
Currently, countries under free-trade 
agreements with the United States enjoy a streamlined, expedited ap-proval process to import our LNG. For projects to FTA countries, current law deems those ‘‘in the public interest’’ and they get a permit ‘‘without modi-fication or delay.’’ 
Yet those without such an agreement 
must, instead, submit to an arduous case-by-case nonstandardized process that ends up discouraging LNG trade and related investments. It ends up killing jobs. For projects to non-FTA countries, 
right now there are no time limits and no standardized process by which the Department of Energy determines whether or not the project is ‘‘in the public interest’’ for receiving a permit. The amendment I have offered would open the doors of trade to more than 160 countries in the World Trade Orga-nization to receive this same expedited treatment that we currently have in place for free-trade countries. 
This is particularly important not 
only for economic development, not only for jobs, not only for growth but also for the enormous geopolitical ad-vantages that it will present to the United States. 
In the past several years we have 
seen the consequences of the Obama- Clinton foreign policy. We have seen the United States receding from lead-ership in the world, and we have seen other nations—foreign nations—step into that void and use energy as a weapon, as a cudgel—whether it is Ven-ezuela or Iran or Russia. 
Allowing expedited LNG exports 
strengthens our hands against those who would be enemies of America, and it strengthens the hands of our friends and allies. Here at home, according to a 2013 study, in the United States LNG exports could create up to 450,000 new jobs by 2035. 
So we will see, when Republicans and 
Democrats vote on this amendment, where each Senator stands on whether we should allow the private sector to create up to 450,000 new jobs. Every Democrat who votes no can expect to go back to his or her State and face constituents—face the union members who would like to get some of those 450,000 new jobs—and explain why he or she voted against that hard-working man or woman having a job. 
Over the same time, GDP growth 
could generate anywhere from an addi-tional $15.6 billion up to $73.6 billion. By 2035 the net gain in manufacturing jobs could mean up to 76,000 new jobs. A lot of the Members of this body like to talk about manufacturing, like to talk about the steel industry, the car industry. It used to be that the back-bone of the American middle class was the blue-collar jobs where you could work with dignity, where you could provide for your family, and where you could provide for your kids. 
Every Senator who votes no to LNG 
exports because they want to continue receiving money from the California billionaires had better be prepared to return home to their States, look into the eyes of the manufacturing workers, and explain why he or she voted against 76,000 new manufacturing jobs. 
Geopolitically, let’s take Ukraine. 
All of us sat not long ago in the House of Representatives for a joint session when the President of Ukraine ad-dressed us both. We stood over and over—standing, quite literally, along-side Ukraine. If we want action to match those words, then every Senator should vote yes on this amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S508 January 27, 2015 
Ukraine currently relies on natural 
gas for 40 percent of its energy needs. More than 60 percent of the natural gas that Ukraine gets and depends on comes from Russia, and Russia uses that natural gas as a club to extract economic blackmail on Ukraine. 
Last spring I traveled to Ukraine, 
Poland, and Estonia. As I visited with leaders throughout Europe, these friends of ours said over and over: Help us free ourselves from energy black-mail from Russia. 
As of today, the Department of En-
ergy has approved nine export permits to non-free-trade agreement countries within the past 2 years. Twenty-eight applications are currently pending stacked up on the desk, going nowhere. 
The increased energy production 
from allowing us to export the re-sources we have to friends and allies who want and need it would spur in-vestment and create thousands of jobs for America. It would be a boon to countries such as Ukraine. It would be a boon to Europe, and it would be a boon to the Baltics, which are watch-ing what is happening in Ukraine and wondering: Are we next? It would be a boon to friends of ours, such as Ger-many, who likewise depend on Russia for significant energy needs. 
Today this body faces a pivotal ques-
tion. Will we lead the world into a new generation of American prosperity and energy prosperity led by the American energy renaissance we are experiencing or will we instead shut off our borders, erect walls, and allow our friends and allies to be dependent on tyrants such as Putin or Maduro. 
We need to come together in a bipar-
tisan manner to say we support jobs, we support economic growth, and we support standing united alongside our friends and allies in defense of freedom. 
I urge my colleagues, both Repub-
licans and Democrats, to support this amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Texas. 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF TRAFFICKING ACT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, as we 
all know, there is a big game this weekend, and I wouldn’t be surprised if our friends from Washington and from the New England area find themselves a little bit distracted beyond the ‘‘snowpocalypse,’’ I guess they call it, all the big snowstorms. 
In anticipation of the big game, I am 
told that 100 million Americans will ac-tually tune in to the Super Bowl this weekend. And here is a shocking sta-tistic. Some 1.25 billion chicken wings will be consumed—1.25 billion chicken wings—and, of course, millions of piz-zas, celebrating what has, of course, be-come in many ways an unofficial American holiday. I am still stuck on the 1.25 billion chicken wings. 
Well, while many of us will tune in to 
cheer our favorite team in the Super Bowl, unfortunately—and what I am on the floor to talk about—there is the dark underbelly of events such as the Super Bowl that don’t get the atten-
tion they really deserve. Most of us would, perhaps, prefer to avert our gaze or think about other, more pleasant, positive things, but what I want to talk about briefly is the practice of human trafficking. 
When many people hear about human 
trafficking, they think about some-thing that doesn’t happen in America; it happens somewhere else. They might envision brothels in foreign cities or girls being smuggled across other bor-ders. But the sad reality is human traf-ficking is a problem all across the United States and at all times of the year. But it is especially a problem sur-rounding big, public events such as the Super Bowl. 
Yes, human trafficking is happening 
in our own backyard, and more than 80 percent of sex trafficking victims in America are U.S. citizens. They are not some person who has been brought to the United States from some foreign country. Eighty percent are U.S. citi-zens. 
As the father of two daughters, one of 
the most disturbing facts is that the average age of a child who first be-comes a victim of sex trafficking is 13 years old. 
As I said, recent years have shown an 
uptick in human trafficking sur-rounding large events such as the Super Bowl. For example, in Dallas a few years ago, there was a 300-percent increase in sex-for-sale Internet ads. That was in 2011, of course. In 2012, in Indianapolis, police made 68 commer-cial sex arrests and recovered two human trafficking victims. 
One of the worst problems associated 
with human trafficking is that many of the victims don’t actually consider themselves victims yet because they are so young and so vulnerable that they don’t actually realize they are being used and their future is literally being destroyed. 
In 2013, in New Orleans, police made 
85 arrests for suspected human traf-ficking. Of course, this year the Super Bowl is in Phoenix, and no doubt law enforcement in Phoenix will have a vigilant eye in an effort to identify and crack down on the perpetrators. But the truth is most of this is happening right under our nose and we don’t even see it. 
We know the police are doing the 
best they can, but it won’t be enough— it won’t be enough—to stop each one of these crimes. Indeed, staggering num-bers of these crimes will continue to be committed. The Super Bowl will be done and gone next Sunday, but after the confetti is cleared from the field and the fans catch their flights home, the work to end this heinous crime known as human trafficking will con-tinue. 
As a matter of fact, January is Na-
tional Slavery and Human Trafficking Prevention Month. Human trafficking is a form of human slavery. We thought that was eliminated from our history following the terrible Civil War that took the lives of 600,000 Americans. If 
you extrapolate the Civil War to today, in terms of population, that would be 3 million Americans who gave their lives. We had the Civil War in large part because of the bane and the scourge of slavery, but the truth is human slavery still exists in the form of sex trafficking. 
Awareness is important. As we are 
driving around our city streets—par-ticularly people driving around in Phoenix this weekend—we may actu-ally see some underage girls or others who are actually victims of this crime, and so we need to be vigilant. We need to do what we can to be the eyes and ears of law enforcement and to call in suspicious circumstances. We simply need to do everything we can to stop human trafficking by all means nec-essary. 
This is something that strikes close 
to home, in Texas, where I come from. Sadly, Texas, in part because of our proximity to the U.S.-Mexican border, sees more human trafficking than many other States. One out of 10 tips received by the National Human Traf-ficking Resource Center in 2013 in-volved incidents occurring in Texas—1 out of every 10 tips. And Texas re-ported more than 1,000 suspected human trafficking incidents in 2007. 
So this is a big challenge and a big 
problem, and it is not going away. Ac-cording to law enforcement authori-ties, sex trafficking is the fastest grow-ing business of organized crime and the third largest criminal enterprise in the world. 
And here is something I really don’t 
understand. When we talk about the criminal organizations—the transnational criminal organizations that smuggle people across the bor-der—most recently in the context of these unaccompanied minor children who came from Central America whose parents paid human smugglers—the cartels, really—let’s say $5,000 apiece, these parents have no knowledge of what will happen to their children once they turn them over to these cartel members. Indeed, these criminal orga-nizations are engaged in the money business, anything that will make a buck. They will traffic in children, they will smuggle immigrants, they will smuggle drugs. 
With regard to these same criminal 
organizations, somehow, some way, we tend to compartmentalize our brains and say: Well, sex trafficking is dif-ferent from illegal immigration and smuggling. But it is not. It has the same corridors funded by the same peo-ple and operated by the same transnational criminal organizations. 
Now, back to sex trafficking after 
that parenthetical comment. This is one of those bipartisan subjects where there has been a lot of good work by Members on both sides of the aisle, and one of the things we have needed the most is to have the help of many non-governmental organizations—these are faith-based organizations, these are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S509 January 27, 2015 
local community organizations—that 
are designed to help victims of human trafficking escape, with the aid of law enforcement, and then somehow help-ing victims to rebuild their lives. 
Earlier this month, I partnered with 
the Senator from Oregon, Mr. W
YDEN , 
Senator K LOBUCHAR from Minnesota, 
and Senator K IRKof Illinois to intro-
duce a bill we call the Justice For Vic-tims of Trafficking Act of 2015. I have talked to the chairman of the Judici-ary Committee, Senator G
RASSLEY , and 
have urged him to give this bill an early markup in the Judiciary Com-mittee so it will be eligible to come to the floor as soon as we can get it here, because I am going to be asking the majority leader to schedule floor ac-tion so we can have a debate and a vote on this important legislation. 
What does the legislation do? It pro-
vides additional funds for human traf-ficking support victims, with tens of millions of dollars of additional funds each year, and it would be financed en-tirely by criminal fines and fees. This wouldn’t be tax dollars, this would be taking basically the fines and the fees paid by people who plead or are con-victed of other crimes and putting those funds into a crime victims fund that could be used to help these organi-zations—these human-trafficking vic-tims support programs. 
Again, this legislation would be fi-
nanced entirely by fines on predators convicted of child pornography, human trafficking, child exploitation, and commercial human smuggling. 
This legislation would also assure 
that victims would have greater access to restitution by requiring the Depart-ment of Justice to use criminally for-feited assets to compensate them through a process known as victim res-toration. 
It is no secret the victims of this ter-
rible crime end up with a lot of psycho-logical baggage and other challenges. We need to help them get on with their lives and to address the terrible things they have experienced. 
This legislation would also enhance 
law enforcement tools to target both sophisticated criminal networks that engage in human trafficking and the predators who increase demand for sex slavery by purchasing innocent chil-dren. 
This bill now has 20 bipartisan co-
sponsors. So don’t believe the cynics who say that nothing happens up here on a bipartisan basis. It is just not true. There are some things—and this is one of them, and perhaps one of the most important things—that happen on a bipartisan basis. 
The good news is the House of Rep-
resentatives is voting on companion legislation today, so this legislation should be ready for Senate action, I hope, soon. I hope we can work with our House colleagues and get it to the President as soon as we possibly can. 
The bottom line is we need to take a 
stand against this modern-day slavery and lift up the victims of these crimes whoever and wherever they may be. 
Again, this is obviously not a political issue. This is something we have the power to address and we must take ac-tion to combat this human trafficking all around the world, and the place to start is in our own back yard. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, let me 
first commend my colleague from Texas. We sit on opposite sides of the aisle, but there are many things that bring us together, and I certainly sup-port what he has said about the impact of human trafficking. 
In a hearing before the subcommittee 
on the Constitution, which he now chairs, during this session of Congress, we brought in law enforcement victims and talked about some of the out-rageous things which are occurring in exploiting young people, particularly young women. One of the points which my colleague has made, and I have lis-tened carefully, is that we should con-sider these human trafficking victims as victims. 
Many times, sadly in the past, they 
have been prosecuted as if they were complicit, and many times they are children. They have no knowledge of their rights or obligations and are being exploited and, as a consequence, they are very reluctant to cooperate with law enforcement if they feel they too might end up in jail, having been victimized twice in the process. 
I thank him for his leadership and I 
look forward to looking closely at his legislation and I hope we can work closely together on that. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 
Mr. President, I want to speak briefly 
about a pending amendment which troubles me. I don’t know if there will be much time for debate should we ac-tually consider this amendment, and I want to make my feelings a matter of public record. 
This is amendment No. 67 offered by 
Senator S
ULLIVAN . This amendment 
would require—would require—the dis-arming of Federal law enforcement of-ficers who work for the Environmental Protection Agency. 
There are currently about 180 law en-
forcement agents working for the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. They are trained professional officers and are tasked with investigating and en-forcing our Nation’s environmental laws. They conduct investigations, exe-cute warrants, and make arrests for 
misdemeanors and felonies under the laws of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
This is law enforcement work and it 
is dangerous work. Many times these officers face the same threats as all law enforcement officers face. According to the Bureau of Justice statistics, there are 73 Federal agencies with law en-forcement officers, ranging from the FBI to the Food and Drug Administra-tion and NASA. 
EPA’s criminal investigators were 
given law enforcement powers in a law signed by President Reagan in 1988. 
President Reagan stated his adminis-tration actively sought this authority and he was pleased to sign it into law. 
The amendment No. 67 of Senator 
S
ULLIVAN would prevent these EPA law 
enforcement officers from being armed while they are carrying out their law enforcement responsibilities. A lot of what these EPA agents do is to inves-tigate suspected cases of illegal dump-ing of hazardous materials. This can lead to dangerous confrontations. The EPA reports its agents have frequently encountered weapons and armed indi-viduals when they have conducted their work. 
I took a look at some of these cases. 
Many people mistakenly believe the Environmental Protection Agency is a group of government employees sitting behind desks and computers in Wash-ington and regional offices who don’t get out and about to see the actual vio-lations that are taking place. They are mistaken. 
Let me give a few examples for the 
record. In Marathon, FL, EPA special agents, along with local sheriff’s depu-ties, shot and arrested Larkin Baggett, a Federal fugitive from Utah, after he pointed an assault rifle at them. Baggett was initially arrested by the EPA on pollution-related crimes in the State of Utah. During the initial arrest of Mr. Baggett, a knife and handgun were recovered off his person. Mr. Baggett was considered armed and dan-gerous due to the amount of firepower he had in his possession. 
Firearms recovered from Mr. Baggett 
included an AR–10 assault rival, a 12- gauge shotgun, several rifles and hand-guns, and hundreds of rounds of ammu-nition. Mr. Baggett was ultimately sentenced to 13 years in prison for his assault conviction and his environ-mental crimes conviction. 
The Sullivan amendment would say 
the environmental officer who was try-ing to arrest this man had to be dis-armed. In other words, the environ-mental law enforcement officer would have no firearm while Mr. Baggett would be holding an arsenal. That is what the Sullivan amendment would do. 
During a Mississippi search warrant, 
seven handguns and a sawed-off pistol- grip shotgun were secured during the warrant. During that same warrant, two handguns were removed from the sweatshirt pocket and hip holster from one subject. Another handgun was re-moved from the purse of another sub-ject. The sawed-off pistol-grip shotgun was found stored in the cavity of a desk where a drawer was removed and the weapon was pointed directly at the agents of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency when they entered. 
If you read the amendment offered by 
Senator S
ULLIVAN , he has removed the 
ability and right of these agents to be armed to protect themselves and to en-force the law, but he continues to re-quire them to do the most basic things under the law. He requires them—con-tinues to require them—to execute and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S510 January 27, 2015 
serve any warrant or other process un-
armed. He continues to require them under the statute to make arrests without warrant for any offense against the United States, including felonies. Under the Sullivan amend-ment they are to do so unarmed. 
I can go through a lengthy list here 
of real-life circumstances where people working for the Environmental Protec-tion Agency literally risked their lives, and they did it at least with the com-fort of being trained professional law enforcement officers equipped with firearms to protect themselves and en-force the laws of the United States. 
Senator S
ULLIVAN wants them to en-
force the laws, but he doesn’t want them to carry a firearm. That to me is ridiculous. In fact, it is dangerous. It is dangerous to send these men and women with the responsibility of doing their job into circumstances where they could literally lose their lives be-cause of the Sullivan amendment. 
I ask unanimous consent that a let-
ter dated January 24, 2015, signed by Jon Adler, be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FEDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT  
OFFICERS ASSOCIATION , 
Washington, DC, January 24, 2015. 
Hon. R ICHARD DURBIN , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATOR DURBIN : On behalf of the 
27,000 members of the Federal Law Enforce-ment Officers Association (FLEOA), I am writing to express our strong opposition to the misguided ‘‘Keystone’’ amendment put forth by Senator Sullivan that calls for the disarming of EPA Criminal Investigators. 
EPA-CID currently employs approximately 
180 sworn Criminal Investigators, all of whom have completed the mandatory Crimi-nal Investigator Training Program at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center. These highly trained law enforcement offi-cers complete the same basic academy train-ing as their counterparts at the U.S. Mar-shals Service, the Secret Service, NCIS, ICE and other credible federal law enforcement agencies. They receive quarterly tactical training to ensure firearms proficiency, de-fensive tactics capability, and enforcement operation readiness. They should not be denigrated and belittled like some Barney Fife aberration gone wild. 
Unfortunately, Senator Sullivan has opted 
to employ inflammatory language to mischaracterize EPA-CID ’s execution of court-issued search warrants as stampede- styled ‘‘raids.’’ EPA Criminal Investigators employ proper law enforcement tactics and techniques, while wearing the appropriate protective equipment during field work. They issue proper verbal commands, and do not scream ‘‘Charge!’’ like some reckless group of bandits. Contrary to Senator Sulli-van’s alarmist assertions, EPA Criminal In-vestigators invoke a proper command pres-ence in order to protect their safety as well as those around them. 
While Senator Sullivan seeks to minimize 
the law enforcement relevance of the EPA- CID mission, it is important to note that the Criminal Investigators enforce the criminal statutes of the United States Code, and in-vestigate alleged violations of the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. If Senator Sullivan takes exception to a particular statute, he should focus on amending the law 
and not disarming and jeopardizing the safe-ty of those who risk their lives to enforce it. 
Furthermore, he should respect the fact that there are criminals who knowingly and will-fully harm our environment, and EPA Crimi-nal Investigator’s expertise is needed to in-vestigate and apprehend these criminals. 
Recent current events, both domestic and 
abroad, have made clear that terrorist groups are targeting law enforcement offi-cers. In New York City, a lone-wolf terrorist assassinated two heroic NYPD Police Offi-cers. In France, a terrorist cell brutally mur-dered three law enforcement officers, as well as civilians. So how does Senator Sullivan come to any rational conclusion that it’s ap-propriate to disarm law enforcement officers who are protecting our homeland? Perhaps Senator Sullivan is unaware of terrorists’ in-tent to deploy biological, chemical and radi-ological weapons to harm our citizenry and institutions? EPA Criminal Investigators are an integral, indispensable component of our homeland defense against such attacks. Does Senator Sullivan maintain in good faith that EPA Criminal Investigators should conduct their criminal investigations unarmed in support of the FBI Joint Terrorist Task Force? 
Each cabinet entity has an Inspector Gen-
eral’s office that employs highly trained Criminal Investigators to investigate allega-tions of excessive force or misconduct. This includes the EPA. In reaching his ill-advised conclusion to disarm EPA Criminal Inves-tigators, did Senator Sullivan draw upon any Inspector General report to substantiate his position? While there is no evidence to sug-gest any widespread incidents of excessive force or misconduct by EPA Criminal Inves-tigators, a reasonable person is left to ques-tion the rational motivation of Senator Sul-livan’s amendment. 
In closing, I reference a statement a 
FLEOA member who serves honorably as a Criminal Investigator with EPA: ‘‘We con-duct search warrants, arrest warrants, and interviews which brings us into contact with individuals who may be armed or have access to weapons. There is no way we can accom-plish our mission safely without a means to protect ourselves.’’ 
Respectfully submitted, 
J
ONADLER . 
Mr. DURBIN. This letter says it all. 
It spells out how dangerous this is if the Sullivan amendment passes. To think that, for whatever reason, a U.S. Senator is going to take a firearm away from a law enforcement officer of a Federal agency who is putting his or her life on the line every single day is just plain wrong. 
If Senator S
ULLIVAN wants to take 
away the enforcement authorities of this Agency, so be it. We can argue and debate that. But to require this Agency to execute warrants and make arrests but require that their law enforcement officials be unarmed is sending them into dangerous—even deadly—situa-tions. This Sullivan amendment is not well-thought-out. To offer this I think is a serious mistake. 
The Senator is offering it, he says, 
because of a 2013 incident in which EPA agents were part of a law enforcement task force that investigated a mining operation in Alaska based on allega-tions of environmental allegations. I don’t know the particulars of that inci-dent, but there was a review of the in-cident commissioned by the Governor of Alaska—a Republican Governor of 
Alaska—that found no evidence that these EPA agents broke any laws dur-ing the investigation. 
Isn’t it odd that we have reached the 
point where, when we try to introduce an amendment which says that you will not sell a gun, a firearm, to some-one at a gun show who is on the ter-rorist suspect list—many argue against that, saying even terrorist suspects have Second Amendment rights—and then turn around with the Sullivan amendment, this ill-advised amend-ment, and say law enforcement does not have a right to carry a firearm. That is the Sullivan amendment. I hope we vote against it on a bipartisan basis. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise to 
discuss the legislation before this body, the Keystone XL Pipeline Act. I wish to address three issues that have been brought up as we have continued this discussion. 
I start out by thanking the Senator 
from Alaska and the Senator from Washington who are leading this effort to bring forward amendments from both sides of the aisle. I think they are doing great work. They are heavily en-gaged in trying to make sure the peo-ple’s amendments are brought forward and that we have a vote. So I thank them for that and again encourage ev-eryone to work with both these bill managers who I believe all of us feel are doing an excellent job. So let’s get going. Let’s get voting on these amend-ments. Let’s make them pending and have that vote. 
This is again, after all, an effort not 
only to advance this legislation but also to reestablish regular order in this body and move to an open amendment process—which is so important again not just in terms of people being heard on this legislation, having votes on amendments, but for other legislation that Senators want to bring forward for the good of this country, to have the debate, to offer their ideas, to get a vote, and to get things done for the American people. That is what it is all about. We have to keep that in mind and not lose track of that. This is truly about not just this legislation but get-ting to regular order, which I think is so important for the work we do, to ac-complish the work we need to do on be-half of the American people. 
Let me touch on three aspects of the 
current legislation that have been brought up. One is that it is a bill for Canada rather than for the United States. It is something that is very much in the interest of the United States, so I want to address that. I also want to talk about some of the envi-ronmental aspects from the standpoint that there are hundreds of millions of dollars being invested in new tech-nologies by major companies in the oil sands in Alberta, Canada, that are going to help deploy and develop things 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S511 January 27, 2015 
such as carbon capture and storage, 
which can be used not only to reduce the environmental footprint and the greenhouse emissions of oil produced in the Canadian oil sands, but that is technology then that will get adopted in this country and around the world because it enables us to produce more energy more cost-effectively, more de-pendably, and with environmental stewardship. So that is a win on both counts, and here is a place where it is being developed. So let’s empower that investment that produces more energy with better environmental stewardship as we go forward into the future. 
Then the third area I want to touch 
on for just a minute is pipeline safety because some of the recent spills have been brought up. It is so important that we have the new infrastructure to replace older infrastructure. 
For example, the pipeline spill in 
Poplar, MO, near Glendive, MO, has been brought up. It is a pipeline that I think was originally built and put in place in the 1950s. So we are talking about a 50-year-old pipeline with 50- year-old technology. Whether it is roads or bridges or pipelines or trans-mission lines or any kind of infrastruc-ture—we need infrastructure for this country, but we have to update it. Think about building a road 50 years ago and then not putting in a new one to replace and update it with the new technologies that have been developed to make it better. 
When we talk about trying to get 
these new infrastructure projects going—again, paid for 100 percent with private dollars—this generates revenue for the taxpayer. This doesn’t take one penny of taxpayer money. This is an $8 billion state-of-the-art pipeline. It is important for all the reasons we have talked about, but it also is the kind of thing that will replace some of the older technologies and give us that up-dated new infrastructure we need. 
So I think when we hear about a 
spill, wherever it may occur, we want to make sure it is taken care of and fully remediated and take precautions so it doesn’t happen again. But we have to understand we have to put the new infrastructure in place if we want to reduce the number of spills we have as we continue to rely on infrastructure that is 50 years old—when we don’t make or allow these new investments to be made. 
So I will touch on all those for just a 
few minutes. 
Again, I know the bill managers are 
hard at work. They are having great dialogue. If they come out and are ready to go, I will yield the floor right away to do that. Again, the priority is to keep the process moving and get amendments up and have them voted on. 
The first issue: It is a Canadian 
project somehow, not a U.S. project. The first point I would make, on its face, is it is going to move domesti-cally produced crude as well as Cana-dian crude. Everybody talks about the fact that it starts up in Hardisty and 
says it is going to move Canadian oil, and then they stop there. But it is not only going to move Canadian oil, it is going to move oil from North Dakota, Montana—light, sweet Bakken shale oil—out of this region of our country. So it is going to move both domestic crude as well as Canadian crude. So when somebody says it is just a Cana-dian project, that is not true. That would be akin to somebody saying it is only a U.S. project because it is mov-ing U.S. oil. 
For beginners, it is important that 
people understand it is not just Cana-dian oil, it is oil we produce in our country that needs to get to refineries as cost-effectively and safely as pos-sible. 
What is happening is because we are 
being blocked from getting these kind of pipelines developed because they can’t get through the regulatory proc-ess, the oil production we are pro-ducing in our part of the country, in North Dakota, Montana, and the Bakken area, as well as other areas of the country is all having to move by rail. 
For example, right now my State of 
North Dakota produces 1.2 million bar-rels of oil a day, second only to Texas, and that number has been growing. That growth I think will slow down right now because the price of oil has come down so much. But the point is we are having to move 700,000 barrels a day by rail because we don’t have the pipelines, such as the Keystone XL Pipeline, approved. 
That creates other problems as well. 
We produce a tremendous number of ag commodities and ag products. We actu-ally are the leader of 14 different major ag commodities in the country—things such as wheat, for example, and many other farm commodities as well. All of those things get backed up on the rail system because we are trying to move so much oil on the rail that we can’t handle all the congestion. 
So it is not just an issue in terms of 
energy for our country, but it is affect-ing our other commerce, our farmers, and other goods that are trying to be shipped. It is not just goods that origi-nate from our part of the country but all the goods that go back and forth and are trying to go through that bot-tleneck. 
But the biggest reason it is very 
much a U.S. project is because it is about getting to energy security and energy independence. 
Right now the United States con-
sumes about 18 million barrels of oil a day. We produce about 11 million bar-rels a day—which is up tremendously in recent years because of production on private and State lands in places such as North Dakota. That means we still import about 7 million barrels a day. We use 18 million barrels of oil a day. We produce 11 million barrels a day. We import 7 million. The amount of oil we get from Canada is increasing. We are up to more than 3 million bar-rels a day that we import from Canada. 
So if we take the 11 million we produce plus the 3 million we get from Canada, that is 14. That leaves us 4 million 
short of what we use on a daily basis. We get that from places such as OPEC, Venezuela, and other parts of the world that have very different interests in many cases than our own. 
I think the American people very 
much want to get to a position where we don’t have to rely on OPEC any-more for the oil we use. In fact, we are getting there. We are getting there. As I say, we are at the point now between ourselves and Canada where we have 14 million of the 18 million a day we use covered. 
If we can continue to develop our en-
ergy resources and work with Canada, we can truly have North American en-ergy security—meaning we don’t have to rely on OPEC anymore for our oil. That is a national security issue. It is an energy issue. It is a jobs issue. It is an economic growth issue. It is a na-tional security issue. Look at what is going on in the Middle East. Americans do not want to rely on OPEC for their oil anymore. 
Look at the benefit. As we produce 
more energy in this country and work with Canada, look at what is happening at the pump. Oil prices are down more than $1 from 1 year ago because we are producing so much more. Basic eco-nomics: More supply helps bring prices down. So it is not just about energy independence and energy security for our country, it is about lower energy costs for consumers, for small business. It is not only good for our hard-work-ing Americans as they pull up to the pump and benefit every day from those lower gas prices, but it helps make our economy grow because energy is a foundational industry. 
When we have low-cost energy pro-
duced in this country that we know we can rely on, that makes us competitive in every other industry sector in a global economy. 
So when somebody says: This is just 
about a pipeline or it is just about a Canadian issue, it is not the case. This is very much about our energy future in this country and how we are going to build it, both to be energy secure and to make our economy go when we have to compete globally. 
The second issue—and I often show 
this chart because it makes the second part of that energy security point. If we don’t work with Canada so that this oil comes to us and we control that oil and control our energy future, Canada is going to make other arrangements. They are going to build pipelines to their west coast, and that oil is going to China and we will continue to im-port oil from OPEC. That is how life works. We either take advantage of this opportunity with our closest friend and ally in the world or some-body else will. 
The next one I want to touch on for 
just a minute is the environmental. We hear about this so much, the environ-mental aspects of this project. I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S512 January 27, 2015 
been on the floor and I have talked 
about various aspects of the project based on the science and based on the fact that there have actually been five environmental impact statements pro-duced. The environmental impact statements produced by the Obama ad-ministration say there will be less greenhouse gas emissions with the pipeline than without it because we will be able to move that 830,000 barrels a day of oil by pipeline, rather than moving it by either 1,400 rail cars or sending it to China where the refineries have higher emissions than ours do. 
But I would like to go beyond that 
and talk for a minute in a broader sense about our energy future and how we not only produce more energy more cost-effectively from all sources, from all kinds of energy, but how we can do it with better environmental steward-ship. And the way forward there is really technology. It is the American ingenuity, the investment in tech-nology, and the creativity of our com-panies and our entrepreneurs. That is the real key to success in the future in terms of producing more energy more cost-effectively, more independently, and with better environmental stew-ardship—by leading the way forward with technology development. We can-not export our regulations, but as we develop technologies, those, in effect, get exported around the world because other countries adopt those tech-nologies. 
So I will talk just a minute about the 
technology development that is going on in the oil sands. Since 1990 the greenhouse gas emissions on a per-bar-rel basis in the oil sands have gone down by 28 percent, almost one-third. On a per-barrel basis they have reduced their greenhouse gas emissions by 28 percent since 1990. They are engaged in major projects now to develop and de-ploy new technologies that will help them produce oil in the oil sands re-gion with a smaller footprint—which is what I am showing here—through in situ development and also through car-bon capture and storage. 
We talk so often about developing 
carbon capture and storage in this country. That is being developed and deployed in the oil sands right now. The Quest project, which is a project Shell Oil Company is undertaking—let me read from a bit of a summary on their Quest project, which is a project for carbon capture and storage they are developing right now. 
This is a picture of it. It is in situ— 
which means drilling and using steam to bring the oil out rather than exca-vation, which is the old style—so it has a much smaller environmental foot-print, but it also reduces greenhouse gas emissions because they capture the CO
2and they store it. 
A point of inquiry, Mr. President. I 
would like to ask the bill managers if they are ready to move forward or make any announcement. If we have any amendments, I would gladly yield the floor for that purpose. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from North Dakota. 
As we mentioned earlier, we had a 
very productive morning trying to dis-cern the universe of amendments we may have before us. I think it is very clear that there is genuine interest on both sides of the aisle to find that path forward so we can come to a conclusion on S. 1 and do so in an orderly way—a way that respects the legislative proc-ess and a way that allows Members to have opportunities to advance issues they feel strongly about and issues that merit debate on this floor. 
We have encouraged Members over 
the past couple weeks to present their amendments to us. At this point in time we have processed 24 separate amendments. We do have some amend-ments that are pending on the Repub-lican side—seven to be exact. I do know that there are others that Members would like to be made pending. I have one myself, and I know the Senator from Washington will be speaking to several additional Democratic amend-ments which they would like to offer on their side. So I think we have dis-cussed a process here to get us moving in that direction so that we can get the amendments pending, and then hope-fully, perhaps as early as this evening—I don’t want to make any promises—we can begin voting on these amendments. 
What I would like to do at this time 
is turn to my colleague to not only speak to the gentlewomen’s agreement we have in so far as a way forward but also to allow for a couple of amend-ments to be made pending on her side, and then we will come back and pro-vide that opportunity on the Repub-lican side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Alaska for her work on this process and for her legis-lation. As she said, she and I have a gentlewomen’s agreement to move for-ward, and we would like to do that so we can finish business on this legisla-tion, and we are working in good faith on that process. Just as she said, we are going to work on getting the next amendment before us. I thank the Sen-ator for her hard work. 
I would like to turn to my colleague 
from California to call up her amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
I thank both of my colleagues for 
working so hard. I am trying to be a facilitator in this process as well, as the ranking member now on the Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee. I want to remind everyone that this bill deals with environmental law. AMENDMENT NO . 130 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
I ask unanimous consent to set aside 
the pending amendment so that I can call up amendment No. 130. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from California [Mrs. B OXER ], 
for herself and Ms. C ANTWELL , proposes an 
amendment numbered 130 to amendment No. 2. 
Mrs. BOXER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To preserve existing permits and 
the authority of the agencies issuing the permits to modify the permits if necessary) 
On page 2, strike lines 20 through 23 and in-
sert the following: 
(c) P
ERMIT SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in 
this Act shall affect the status of any Fed-eral permit or authorization issued before the date of enactment of this Act for the pipeline and cross-border facilities referred to in subsection (a). 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I have a 
very simple amendment. I hope it will be unanimously accepted. I think any-one within the sound of my voice who cares about the health and safety of people would support this amendment because we know this underlying bill facilitates the building of a Canadian project, with all the benefits going to Canada, none to America. We have es-tablished that there will be 35 perma-nent jobs. We have established that we could have oilspills because we have al-ready had several serious oilspills and this oil is very hard to clean up. We have established by the Republicans’ votes that they will not vote to keep the oil in America, so it doesn’t even help us with energy independence. They even voted against the amend-ment to make sure the steel was from America. They voted against that. 
So this is a Canadian bill. This is a 
wonderful bill for Canadian oil inter-ests. Frankly, that is not why I was elected. I was elected to fight for Cali-fornia, fight for American jobs, fight for middle-class jobs, and not sit by while we see what is happening here, which is that the very first bill brought to us by this new Republican Congress turns out to be a bill for Canadian oil. 
One of my colleagues—I don’t know if 
it was Senator C
ANTWELL who coined 
this or Senator M ARKEY —said it is ba-
sically a big straw that runs from Can-ada and has the potential to spill all 
the way down, and then it is refined here, and all the filth and dirt gets stored here and goes into the air, and then it goes out of the country. It doesn’t do a thing to help us. So all I am asking for is a little bit of relief for the people of this Nation. 
Right now, S. 1 says that all permits 
‘‘shall remain in effect’’ for this Trans-Canada pipeline regardless of any ac-tions taken in building the pipeline, even if the company violates the per-mits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S513 January 27, 2015 
So we know this company had to go 
and get a number of permits. What this bill does is it says: Once you get a per-mit, TransCanada, no one can take it away from you. 
Imagine. We don’t do that for our 
companies. They have to walk the walk and talk the talk. 
All we say here is, if you violate your 
permit, it can be revoked. You cannot willy-nilly get permits from the Com-merce Department, EPA, the Corps of Engineers, or other entities and then violate them and know that the permit can never be taken away. I was stunned when I learned this. 
So this would very simply say that if, 
in fact, there is new information that requires a permit to be changed or modified, it can be done. We do not waive protecting the health and safety of the American people. 
Let me give an example. Back home 
I have a bridge that was built, unfortu-nately, with foreign parts, and those parts failed. It is a nightmare to try to fix it. 
If TransCanada violates their permit 
and uses the wrong materials—let’s say the bolts rupture—they still get to keep their permit. We are saying: No. Your permit can be revoked. 
Another example: This is the han-
dling of hazardous waste. We know this is filthy, dirty oil, and we know what is in this oil. It is toxic. Peer-reviewed re-search established significantly higher levels of carcinogens. We know this. We have met with the people who live in Canada who have had to breathe in that air. Data collected by the Texas Cancer Registry indicates that cancer rates among African Americans in Jef-ferson County, Port Arthur, TX, are 15 percent higher than for the average Texans. They live right near the refin-eries. 
We know these permits are only as 
good as they are enforced. If they are enforced and we find they haven’t lived up to their commitments on the han-dling of hazardous waste—by the way, to get their permit from Commerce, they also have to put out a plan that deals with a spill. Let’s say there is a spill and they don’t live up to the per-mit. They still get to keep the permit. 
This is an extraordinary piece of leg-
islation. I have never ever in my time here or ever in history known of any American corporation getting a free pass in terms of the health and safety and the protection of the air and water that this company is getting. They could literally avoid following any of the steps they committed to in their permit, and this legislation gives them a free pass. 
My amendment simply says that we 
are able to revoke a permit if it is not followed. 
I would ask the Senator from Wash-
ington if I could at this point yield the floor. My amendment is pending. I ap-preciate the work of the Senator from Alaska in allowing this amendment to be offered, and I appreciate the work of my colleague from Washington. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, be-
fore recognizing the Senator from Cali-fornia, I failed to say that there is no way this legislation would be where it is today, moving forward in the proc-ess, without the Senator from Cali-fornia. She has been a great adviser all through this process and a great pro-tector and advocate of the issues we are interested in on the environment, on security, and on safety. I thank her for her leadership, and I look forward to supporting her on this amendment. 
I would like to turn to my colleague 
from Michigan, if I could. We are going to offer a couple of amendments on our side and go back to the Senator from Alaska, but at this point in time I would like the Senator from Michigan, who has had a very devastating per-sonal experience related to tar sands, to talk about his amendment and call up that amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up amendment No. 70, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. P ETERS ], 
for himself and Ms. S TABENOW , proposes an 
amendment numbered 70 to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require that the Administrator 
of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration make a certifi-cation and submit to Congress the results of a study before the pipeline may be con-structed, connected, operated, or main-tained) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PHMSA GREAT LAKES RESOURCES AND 
STUDY. 
The pipeline described in section 2(a) shall 
not be constructed, connected, operated, or maintained until the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration— 
(1) certifies to Congress that the Pipeline 
and Hazardous Materials Safety Administra-tion has sufficient resources to carry out the duties of the Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration for pipelines in the Great Lakes; and 
(2) submits to Congress the results of a 
study on recommendations for special condi-tions on pipelines in the Great Lakes, simi-lar to the recommendations in Appendix B of the environmental impact statement de-scribed in section 2(b). 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, this is a 
very commonsense amendment based on a simple premise. Before Congress intervenes to approve this new pipeline that is before us, the Pipeline and Haz-ardous Materials Safety Administra-
tion, PHMSA, the Federal agency which oversees pipeline safety, should certify that it has the resources re-quired to carry out its duty. 
Specifically, the amendment before 
the Senate requires PHMSA to confirm that it has the resources to oversee pipelines in the Great Lakes and pro-vide recommendations for special con-ditions for pipelines in the Great Lakes 
just as it provided recommendations for special conditions for the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
The people of Michigan know why it 
is so important that we ensure these pipelines are safe. We had a pipeline spill in Kalamazoo, MI, in 2010 that spilled over 800,000 gallons of tar sands into the Kalamazoo River. The cleanup has now taken over 4 years at a cost of over $1.2 billion. A pipeline accident in the Great Lakes, where we have some of these pipelines located now, would be absolutely catastrophic. We have to remind folks that the Great Lakes now provide drinking water to over 40 mil-lion people and support 1.5 million jobs. It would be a disaster not just for folks in the State of Michigan, but through-out the Great Lakes region and throughout the country, if there were a pipeline break. We know it firsthand from what happened in Kalamazoo, the most expensive pipeline break in the history of this country. 
We have to ensure that the pipelines 
that operate in the Great Lakes, par-ticularly in the Straits of Mackinac, which connect the Upper Peninsula with the Lower Peninsula, have the protections they need. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this amendment to make sure we protect the Great Lakes, not just for today but for future genera-tions. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
yield to Senator C
OLLINS from Maine 
to bring up an amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside so I may call up amendment No. 35. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Maine [Ms. C OLLINS ], for 
herself and Mr. W ARNER , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 35 to amendment No. 2. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To coordinate the provision of 
energy retrofitting assistance to schools) 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. ll. COORDINATION OF ENERGY RETRO-
FITTING ASSISTANCE FOR SCHOOLS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S514 January 27, 2015 
(1) S CHOOL .—The term ‘‘school’’ means— 
(A) an elementary school or secondary 
school (as defined in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); 
(B) an institution of higher education (as 
defined in section 102(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(a)); 
(C) a school of the defense dependents’ edu-
cation system under the Defense Dependents’ Education Act of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 921 et seq.) or established under section 2164 of title 10, United States Code; 
(D) a school operated by the Bureau of In-
dian Affairs; 
(E) a tribally controlled school (as defined 
in section 5212 of the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2511)); and 
(F) a Tribal College or University (as de-
fined in section 316(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))). 
(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Energy. 
(b) D ESIGNATION OF LEAD AGENCY .—The 
Secretary, acting through the Office of En-ergy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, shall act as the lead Federal agency for coordi-nating and disseminating information on ex-isting Federal programs and assistance that may be used to help initiate, develop, and fi-nance energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects for schools. 
(c) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out coordi-
nation and outreach under subsection (b), the Secretary shall— 
(1) in consultation and coordination with 
the appropriate Federal agencies, carry out a 
review of existing programs and financing mechanisms (including revolving loan funds and loan guarantees) available in or from the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Energy, the Department of Education, the Department of the Treasury, the Internal Revenue Service, the Environmental Protec-tion Agency, and other appropriate Federal agencies with jurisdiction over energy fi-nancing and facilitation that are currently used or may be used to help initiate, develop, and finance energy efficiency, renewable en-ergy, and energy retrofitting projects for schools; 
(2) establish a Federal cross-departmental 
collaborative coordination, education, and outreach effort to streamline communica-tion and promote available Federal opportu-nities and assistance described in paragraph (1) for energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects that enables States, local educational agencies, and schools— 
(A) to use existing Federal opportunities 
more effectively; and 
(B) to form partnerships with Governors, 
State energy programs, local educational, fi-nancial, and energy officials, State and local government officials, nonprofit organiza-tions, and other appropriate entities to sup-port the initiation of the projects; 
(3) provide technical assistance for States, 
local educational agencies, and schools to help develop and finance energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects— 
(A) to increase the energy efficiency of 
buildings or facilities; 
(B) to install systems that individually 
generate energy from renewable energy re-sources; 
(C) to establish partnerships to leverage 
economies of scale and additional financing mechanisms available to larger clean energy initiatives; or 
(D) to promote— (i) the maintenance of health, environ-
mental quality, and safety in schools, includ-ing the ambient air quality, through energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy ret-rofit projects; and (ii) the achievement of expected energy 
savings and renewable energy production through proper operations and maintenance practices; 
(4) develop and maintain a single online re-
source website with contact information for relevant technical assistance and support staff in the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy for States, local edu-cational agencies, and schools to effectively access and use Federal opportunities and as-sistance described in paragraph (1) to de-velop energy efficiency, renewable energy, and energy retrofitting projects; and 
(5) establish a process for recognition of 
schools that— 
(A) have successfully implemented energy 
efficiency, renewable energy, and energy ret-rofitting projects; and 
(B) are willing to serve as resources for 
other local educational agencies and schools to assist initiation of similar efforts. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report de-scribing the implementation of this section. 
Ms. COLLINS. I thank the Presiding 
Officer, and I thank the Senator from Alaska for yielding to me for this pur-pose and I commend her, as well as the 
Senator from Washington State, for their extraordinary management of this bill. 
I am pleased to report that the 
amendment I have called up and made pending is actually a bipartisan initia-tive. It is cosponsored by my colleague from Virginia, Senator W
ARNER , and 
its purpose is to help school officials to learn more easily about Federal pro-grams and incentives that are available to improve energy efficiency and thus lower costs for our Nation’s schools. 
There are a number of Federal initia-
tives already available to schools to help them become more energy effi-cient, but in many cases schools are not taking full advantage of these pro-grams. The reason for that is because they are scattered across several agen-cies and are difficult to access. 
I want to make it clear to my col-
leagues that Senator W
ARNER and I are 
not proposing the creation of any new programs to help schools become more energy efficient but rather to have more coordination and to streamline those programs which already exist. 
Our amendment would require the 
Department of Energy to be the leader of these programs and help schools identify and navigate them, and that in turn would be a great service to our Nation’s schools. 
As I said, by providing a streamlined 
coordinating structure, this amend-ment would help schools navigate available Federal programs and financ-ing without authorizing new programs or funding. Decisions about how best to meet the energy needs of their schools would appropriately remain in the hands of States, school boards, and local officials. 
Specifically, the amendment would 
establish the Department of Energy as the lead agency for coordinating and disseminating information on existing Federal energy efficiency programs and financing options available to schools for initiating, developing, and financ-ing energy efficiency, renewable en-
ergy, and energy retrofitting projects. 
The amendment would also require 
DOE to review existing Federal pro-grams—scattered at the Departments of Agriculture, Education, Treasury, the IRS, and EPA—so schools know what is available. 
It would also streamline communica-
tion and outreach to the States, local education agencies, and schools and the development of a mechanism for forming a peer-to-peer network to sup-port the initiation of the projects. 
Finally, the amendment would re-
quire the Department of Energy to pro-vide technical assistance to help schools navigate the financing and de-velopment of such projects to better ensure their success. 
Assisting our nation’s schools in 
navigating and tapping into existing federal programs to lower energy usage and save money makes good common sense. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to support the Collins-Warner amendment No. 35. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
AMENDMENT NO . 166 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the pend-ing amendment be set aside to call up amendment No. 166. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Alaska [Ms. M URKOWSKI ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 166 to amendment No. 2. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous 
consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To release certain wilderness study 
areas from management for preservation as wilderness) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. l. RELEASE OF CERTAIN WILDERNESS 
STUDY AREAS. 
(a) B UREAU OF LANDMANAGEMENT LAND.— 
With respect to Bureau of Land Management land identified as a wilderness study area and recommended for a wilderness designa-tion under section 603(a) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(a)), if, within 1 year of receiving the recommendation, Congress has not des-ignated the wilderness study area as wilder-ness, the area shall no longer be subject to— 
(1) section 603(c) of that Act; or (2) Secretarial Order No. 3310 issued by the 
Secretary of the Interior on December 22, 2010. 
(b) F
ISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE LAND.— 
With respect to land administered by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service that has been recommended by the President or the Secretary of the Interior for designation as wilderness under the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), if, within 1 year of re-ceiving the recommendation, Congress has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S515 January 27, 2015 
not designated the land as wilderness, the 
land shall no longer be managed in a manner that protects the wilderness character of the land. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, the 
amendment I am offering this after-noon is pretty straightforward. It would effectively release wilderness study areas if, within 1 year of receiv-ing the recommendation, Congress has not designated this study area as wil-derness. 
There has been a lot of discussion in 
the news of late with the President’s announcement on Sunday that he is seeking to put an additional 12 million acres in the ANWR area—Alaska’s North Slope—into wilderness status, including the 1002 area which has spe-cifically been designated for oil and gas exploration. I want to make sure peo-ple understand this is not just an ANWR amendment. This is about the wilderness study areas that we see that are currently on the books. 
According to the Congressional Re-
search Service, as of the beginning of this year, Congress has designated 109.8 million acres of Federal land as wilder-ness. Just over half of this wilderness is in my State of Alaska. We have over 57 million acres of wilderness in Alas-ka. Ninety percent of the wilderness under the management of the Fish and Wildlife Service is in Alaska. 
As a practical matter, there is more 
out there. There are more acres that are proposed for wilderness designa-tion. For example, the Bureau of Land Management manages 528 wilderness study areas containing almost 12.8 mil-lion acres located primarily in the 12 States in the West as well as Alaska. 
We also have the U.S. Fish and Wild-
life Service, which has a wilderness study process through its land use planning to identify areas to be pro-posed as wilderness. 
There is some history as to how we 
got to dealing with these wilderness study areas. Areas that are identified by agency officials as having certain wilderness characteristics—as identi-fied under the 1964 Wilderness Act— were classified as wilderness study areas. BLM received specific direction in the Federal Land Policy Manage-ment Act of 1976 to inventory and study its roadless areas for wilderness characteristics. By 1980 the BLM com-pleted field inventories which des-
ignated about 25 million acres of wil-derness study areas. Since 1980 Con-gress has taken a look at some of these. Some have been designated as wilderness and others have been re-leased for nonwilderness uses. The BLM has also taken it upon itself to designate wilderness study areas through its land use process. 
The point here is that once an area 
has been designated under the BLM or the Fish and Wildlife Service study re-gime, it effectively becomes de facto wilderness. The designation then limits and restricts the ability to do just about anything for fear that it might impair the suitability of the area for preservation as wilderness. Until Congress makes a final deter-
mination on a wilderness study area, the BLM or the Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice manages these areas to preserve their suitability for designation as wil-derness. Even if Congress has not acted—because it is Congress’s purview to do so—the agencies have designated it as de facto wilderness. 
My amendment says we are going to 
change this, and we have to change this. Congress needs to reassert itself into this equation. As the final arbiter of what is or is not designated as wil-derness, Congress can and should make the decisions in a timely manner about the wilderness status. 
What my amendment does is pretty 
simple. If Congress doesn’t act within 1 year to designate as wilderness an area recommended for wilderness, the des-ignation is released. It just goes back to multiple use. That way the agencies are not managing areas to preserve a possible wilderness designation as an option for Congress. Instead, they can get on with looking at a broader range of options for how to manage that land with the local people and other inter-ested stakeholders through the land- use planning process that applies to each of the agencies. 
Some may argue that Congress needs 
more time on this. I would say we have had plenty of time to review these areas. Some of the wilderness study areas have been pending since the 1980s. That is plenty of time to figure out whether they should be put in wil-derness status. Congress needs to make decisions. 
I ask my colleagues to support my 
amendment and take a look at what is contained and not just think about the ANWR situation but think about the applicability within their respective States. 
I know that Senator S
ESSIONS was 
seeking recognition. As Members are seeking to come to the floor to get their amendments pending, we would like to allow them to have recognition. 
At this point, I believe we need some 
clarification from the Senator from North Dakota. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Dakota. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I will wrap up in 2 min-
utes and will then yield the floor to the Senator from Alabama. 
I have been talking about a number 
of different points, but right now I would like to defer. I will be back on the issues as we continue this debate. Again, I thank the bill managers, and I am very pleased to see that Senators are coming down and making these amendments pending. That is what we need do now. I thank Senators on both sides of the aisle for doing that. 
With that, I yield the floor to the 
Senator from Alabama. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I 
thank Senator H
OEVEN for his hard 
work on this Keystone XL Pipeline bill, as well as Senator M
URKOWSKI and others who have worked together on it 
on both sides of the aisle. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. SESSIONS. We have been talking 
about global warming and climate change. I have been on the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee for some time, and we have had a number of good hearings on the subject. I wish to share some thoughts on climate change because so much of what is driving our energy policies in America today is entirely dependent on a fear of the impact of global warming in the years to come. 
There have been a number of votes on 
global warming. I was asked by a re-porter today: You voted with the Whitehouse amendment; why did you do that? Well, I just have this to say. It is true, to my understanding, and ac-cording to the best science we have, that the Earth has warmed by a degree in the last 100 years, and exactly what is causing that, we are not so sure. 
If that were to accelerate, then, to a 
significant degree, it would be a cause for concern. It would be a cause for America and the entire world to really begin to evaluate what our future is and what action might be taken. That is what has happened. 
The world has been engaged mightily 
in the effort to drive up the cost of electricity, drive up the cost of gaso-line, drive up the cost of the produc-tion of products that use energy, and drive up the cost of transported items that you go to the grocery store and buy. 
I will just say this. The scare tactics 
we have been hearing are not coming to fruition. Over a time period, they were predicted to come to a fruition, but they just are not. As public serv-ants—as elected officials who represent 320 million Americans—we need to ask ourselves: Should we press down an ex-cessive, increased burden of energy costs on the backs of working Ameri-cans to meet the fears that we have been hearing about? And if we do that, how much can we afford to do? How much can we afford to ask of them? 
We are reducing CO
2emissions in the 
United States and doing a pretty good job of it. But the fear is—at least the concern from so many of us—is that we are now projecting—the President is projecting massive increases in regula-tions that will significantly and fur-ther hammer coal and hammer the price of energy in America. 
Many Members of Congress want to 
take drastic action that would increase the cost of electricity and gasoline from fossil fuels. It would do that. There is no doubt about that. And it would virtually end coal production in the United States, a product we have a lot of. 
They claim the science of global 
warming is settled, but I suggest ques-tions remain. Global climate change advocates have, over many years, re-lied upon a number of climate models. These models are designed to predict the temperature over time, and they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S516 January 27, 2015 
have done that, and I will show my col-
leagues the result of these models in a minute. They predict not only increas-ing temperatures but increasing 
droughts, increasing flux—droughts and flux—increasing severe weather events such as hurricanes and torna-does. These models have long predicted this. So we have a history of how well the models have performed over time. An easy measure, a critical measure, of the validity of any model is how well it compares to actual data. So the actual weather data, I tell my colleagues, is proving that the models have not been accurate. 
There are other facts we are dealing 
with that give concern to those of us who are less than certain about what the climate will do in the future. 
Last week, NASA’s Goddard Institute 
for Space Studies claimed that 2014 was the hottest year on record. Perhaps my colleagues heard that. It was based on their analysis of 3,000 ground-based thermometers around the world. They backtracked on that claim the very next day, however, because the in-crease was so small that the ground- based system fell within the margin of error. 
There are other problems with those 
assertions. Data gathered at the Earth’s surface has limitations in measuring the temperature. It is a rel-atively small sample influenced by human construction. Instead, the best data, I think most scientists agree, for determining warming of the atmos-phere is a method that can objectively gather far more data, and that is sat-ellites. 
There are two research groups that 
track atmospheric data, one satellite and one balloon. They both show tem-perature data that has barely risen for 35 years. The balloons validate the ac-curacy of the satellites and the sat-ellites tend to validate the accuracy of the balloons. So there is a wider and wider divergence over the years from what the models claim and what the actual temperature is doing. There just is. 
Other evidence can be seen in the 
Earth’s ice coverage. A few years ago former Vice President Al Gore claimed the Arctic might be ice-free in the summertime by 2014. That was last year. That was a prediction. Another study said it would be ice-free by 2029. But this past summer, the ice coverage in the Arctic Ocean was 43 percent greater than it was in 2012. 
Senator M
URKOWSKI , that is an in-
crease the size of the State of Alaska, which is a pretty sizable State, for heaven’s sake. It has become well- known that ice coverage in Antarctica is also at its record recorded levels. 
There have been dire predictions 
made about extreme weather events. On the Weather Channel on our TV, they love to talk about storms, and it is exciting, and people watch it. I have had people call from Alabama and tell me, Have you gotten your food in? You are going to have a big storm. You are going to be shut in. When temperature data stopped sup-
porting the applicants’ claims of warm-ing, they started claiming that storms and droughts would worsen; we would have more of them. We all heard that many times. It is hard to know what to think about it when we heard that over the years. 
It has now been nearly 3,400 days 
since the last major hurricane hit the United States. This is no little matter to me. I remember moving to Mobile in 1979, and that year we had Hurricane Frederic that slammed the city. Trees were down everywhere. Power was off for weeks. I believe it was a category 3 hurricane. Earlier we had Hurricane Camille hit, and that was in the 1960s. Then we had Hurricane Katrina that hit New Orleans and hit my hometown of Mobile a very significant blow. But it has been nearly 3,400 days since the last major hurricane hit the United States. That is a category 3, 4, or 5. That is almost 10 years. I think that is the longest period maybe this century. 
According to Dr. Roger Pielke, a pro-
fessor at the University of Colorado- Boulder, who testified before our EPW Committee last year, he said hurricane seasons in the United States are 20 per-cent less intense and have seen 20 per-cent fewer landfalls than in 1900. 
We have received testimony in the 
Environment and Public Works Com-mittee from Dr. Roy Spencer, who said this: 
There is little or no observational effort 
that severe weather of any type has wors-ened over the last 30, 50, or 100 years. 
He said that in his testimony before 
the committee. 
The IPCC, the International Panel on 
Climate Change, fifth climate assess-ment released in 2013, what did they 
say about these predictions? Quote: 
Current data sets indicate no significant 
observed trends in global tropical cyclone frequency over the last century. 
So I suppose they have acknowledged 
that prediction to be incorrect. 
That same report talked about 
floods. We have been told we will have more floods. 
The IPCC says: 
In summary, there continues to be a lack 
of evidence and thus low confidence regard-ing the sign of trend in the magnitude and/ or frequency of floods on a global scale. 
According to the Palmer Drought 
Index, there is a statistically insignifi-cant decrease in global droughts from 1982 to 2012. 
So, remember, CO
2is increasing in 
the atmosphere. It is a small part of the atmosphere. It is a clean gas. There is no damage to us. It is a gas that is plant food. If we understand photosyn-thesis, plants breathe in CO
2, grow, and 
create carbon stalks and emit oxygen, which is good for us. So in itself, CO
2is 
not an inherently bad product. 
From 1982 to 2012, when we had some 
of the greatest increase in CO 2—I guess 
the greatest increase in CO 2in the his-
tory of the planet, unless there was some volcano or some event—we have seen actually a decrease in droughts. Small, but a decrease nonetheless. Last July, the Budget Committee, 
which I was the ranking member of, had a hearing on the cost of climate change to the economy and the Demo-crats called that hearing. The Repub-lican witnesses were Dr. Bjorn Lomborg and David Montgomery. Pro-fessor Lomborg, from the Copenhagen Institute in Denmark, said this: 
While some warming may have occurred, it 
will not mean the end of the world. The total, discounted cost of inaction— 
not doing anything on global climate 
change— 
over the next five centuries is about 1.2 per-
cent of discounted GDP. The cumulative cost of inaction towards the end of the century is about 1.8 percent of GDP. While this is not trivial, it by no means supports the often apocalyptic conversation on global climate change. 
It goes on: 
The cost of inaction by the end of the cen-
tury is equivalent to losing one year’s GDP growth. 
Last year we had, what, 2 percent 
GDP, using an average of 2.5 percent, 2 percent, 1 year’s worth; not 100 years’ worth, 1 year’s worth, the equivalent, he said, of a moderate 1-year recession. The cost of inaction by the end of the century is equivalent to an annual loss of GDP growth on the order of .02 per-cent, or two-hundredths of 1 percent— not 2 percent; two-hundredths of 1 per-cent. 
Professor Lomborg, who believes that 
human activity has contributed to some global warming—he said that— also pointed out that climate control policy, based on current data, will cost far more than the ‘‘benefits’’ it deliv-ers. 
Isn’t that the question we have to 
ask ourselves? When we impose a cost on the American people, shouldn’t that cost produce more benefit than the cost in currency? 
He continues: 
A slightly warmer Earth means net bene-
fits through the first half of this century, until 2065. 
So until 2065 it will benefit America, 
warmer temperatures. After that, these models and other projections—he is taking them from the IPCC’s own data—find that costs do begin to occur. 
He continues: 
However, an aggressive government re-
sponse to warming now can wipe out the ben-efits we can expect to receive. 
Plus we will have higher taxes; more 
spending, more regulations will cut jobs, reduce incomes, hurt savings, and, thus, set us back more as a nation. 
Dr. David Montgomery, who testified 
at the hearing, said: It is far from clear that recent weather events are any-thing more than normal variability in storm frequency and intensity and the nature, timing and extent of damage from climate change remains highly uncertain. This does not imply that no action is justified, but it does imply that costs and avoided risks must be balanced carefully. 
I think that is what we need to do, 
balance the cost and the risk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S517 January 27, 2015 
In sum, these experts before the 
Budget Committee highlighted that the climate change could be happening and it could be a part of human action, but its costs in the near term certainly are not great. This compares to the cost of trying to stop climate change by reducing human activity as very large indeed. 
Congress considered legislation in 
2009 and 2010 to put a price on carbon through a cap-and-trade system that President Obama supported. The cost was deemed too high. Congress said no. The bill that passed the House would cost $161 billion—it was in Democratic hands at the time—would cost $161 bil-lion in the first year, and it increased in additional years. How much is $161 billion? Well, we are desperately trying to find $10 billion, $12 billion a year for the next 6 years to fund the highway bill. That is $10 billion a year. This is $160 billion a year. The amount we spend on education in America is about $100 billion a year. This would be $161 billion a year. Over a decade, we are talking $2 trillion hammered onto the American economy. 
This is a serious matter and, fortu-
nately, Congress did not yield. Con-gress rejected the legislation. So the President decided to pursue the same results, not through the elected rep-resentatives but through the regu-latory process. In 2007, the Supreme Court sided with the State of Massa-chusetts in a critical case. It empow-ered EPA—if it chose—to regulate greenhouse gases, based on the Clean Air Act of the 1970s, when global warm-ing was never dreamed of and nobody ever considered CO
2to be a pollutant. 
This was an activist Supreme Court de-cision, in my opinion. Congress would never pass this law. There has never been one time in the last 30 years, or certainly before that, that Congress would pass a law recommending huge regulatory powers to the EPA over CO
2. 
So the Court did not require EPA to 
regulate gases, but the Court allowed that under the Clean Air Act. So now the EPA is developing a rulemaking called a Clean Power Plan. This regula-tion will cost between $41 billion and $73 billion annually, more than the road bill and almost as much as the educational bill according to analysts. 
On top of this, consumers will have 
to spend hundreds of billions con-serving electricity. Electricity rates are going to increase by double-digit percentages throughout most of the country. These are the costs of only one of the regulations EPA is pursuing. In total, the Heritage Action expects the President’s Climate Action Plan will cost $1.47 trillion in lost GDP by 2030. The costs of action far outweigh the cost of inaction, it seems to me. That is the basis of my concern about many of the extreme actions we are taking. The Nation is crisscrossed with pipelines. They are all over it. 
In my home State of Alabama, we are 
not having complaints about that. This idea that we shouldn’t have a pipeline 
to bring oil from our ally and friend Canada to drive down further, hope-fully, the cost of energy in the United States is an erroneous idea. It is all driven at the bottom by this global cli-mate change idea. I am not a climate denier. I don’t know what the truth is and what history will teach. I have as-sumed over the years scientists are on to something when they claim that CO
2 
will be a blanket effect in our atmos-phere and temperature might increase. I do know that if we burn fossil fuels, burn plants, it creates CO
2. I know 
that. It increases it in the atmosphere. The models which are predicted in-creasing temperatures from this steady rise in CO
2that has been occurring for 
over 100 years as the planet’s popu-lation increases have been wrong. 
Let me show this chart. It is pre-
pared by Dr. John Christy, who worked at NASA and the University of Ala-bama at Huntsville. The red line rep-resents from 1975 to 2025, a projection average of all the models—and there are many of them; I think about 30 peo-ple doing modeling of the temperatures and the average shows this rise. This is an alarming rise. It was based on those predictions, those modeled effects, that people have demanded we change what we do with energy in America and we reduce fossil fuels and we pay more for energy to avoid this trend. 
We are getting not too far from 2025. 
That is a 50-year trend. Look at the re-ality though. These are the numbers, satellite data, and balloon data around the world. We basically had very little increase from 1980 to 2015. For 18 years or so it is basically totally flat. So what does that mean? 
I am not sure. Maybe it will start 
surging next year. Maybe we will see more. But at this point, as reasonable Congressmen and Senators, I don’t be-lieve we can conclude that we should burden this American economy weak as it is—high unemployment, Decem-ber wages dropped 5 cents an hour. The President kept talking about how great things are. Wages dropped 5 cents an hour in 1 month alone—December. We have the lowest percentage of Ameri-cans in the working ages actually working in America today since the 1970s. Things aren’t going so well. We don’t need to be driving up costs for our businesses, making them less com-petitive in the world marketplace, making gasoline more expensive for working moms, making electricity more expensive for our elderly who are at home and cold. We just don’t. 
So who cares the most? I say we need 
to care about the people we represent. We need to care about their welfare. 
Mr. Steyer, with his tens of millions 
of dollars in contributions, demands we don’t pass Keystone Pipeline, to carry out his theory—this billionaire that he is—and he doesn’t care apparently about what is happening to jobs in America, competitiveness in America, and the welfare of the citizens of this country. Congress represents the interests of 
320 million people. We need to defend their interests, not ideological activ-ists. It is almost a religion to them. We have to be objective and realistic as we evaluate. So there can be no doubt that this agenda will increase energy prices, it will shrink the middle class, it will eliminate jobs, it will increase costs across the board, it will reduce wages, and it will throw millions of Americans out of work. It just will if we carry out this agenda. 
It is not being done in China. It is not 
being done in Russia. It is not being done in Brazil. So it is of utmost im-portance that the American people know about these claims and the ef-fects of regulations before we go head-long into enacting them. 
The blocking of Keystone Pipeline is 
a clear example of what has happened. We will be denying struggling Ameri-cans and businesses another source of energy that will put further downward pressure on energy prices. We can have only one effect to produce the greatest supply and to help contain the price of oil. Whatever the price of oil is, it will be less with Keystone Pipeline than if we didn’t have that source from the Keystone Pipeline in Canada. 
This will make us more dependent on 
foreign suppliers, many of which are not our friends. Canada is our friend, our best trading partner in the world, perhaps our best ally in the world. It is already causing great frustration with our friends in Canada. 
I met with the Canadian parliamen-
tarians. Last year we had a meeting. I was surprised how deeply they felt about this. They were hurt. They can-not understand why we can’t get this done. It is such a commonsense thing to them. 
Some of our Democratic colleagues 
argue our economy will not be affected by the agenda, the President’s Climate Action Plan. Others acknowledge the cost but justify this as a speed bump and not significant. Congress rep-resents most closely the people of the United States, and Congress has never voted to give unelected bureaucrats and officials the power to regulate CO
2. 
We are not close to doing that today. It would never pass this Congress, either House or Senate. There is zero chance it would pass if it was actually voted on. 
As long as Congress has decided not 
to act, how can EPA act? It is acting against the wishes of the American people and the interests of the country. It takes the consensus of the American people to move large and costly legisla-tion such as this, hundreds of billions, trillions of dollars. That consensus is not formed. It is not there. 
On Keystone and other key issues, 
the consensus is against government excess, not for the government to do more. Talk to the American people. Look at the polling data. Someday maybe things will change, it is true, I will acknowledge. Temperatures could start to rise significantly and storms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S518 January 27, 2015 
could begin to worsen. But as long as 
the measured data fails to match the alarmists’ climate models, I believe Congress should approve this pipeline and reject the agenda of the climate alarmists and conduct a policy that is beneficial to the people of our Nation. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The Senator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I know the ranking member had in-tended to offer an amendment on be-half of one of her colleagues, and she is off the floor right now. I want to re-spect the understanding we had, but I also want to respect that the Senator from Vermont is here and I believe pre-pared to speak to his amendment. I just want to acknowledge that Senator C
ANTWELL intended to offer a couple of 
amendments. 
I yield to my colleague. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. SANDERS. I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment to call up my amendment, amendment No. 23, the Ten Million Solar Roofs Act, and it be made pend-ing. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. S ANDERS ], 
for himself, Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , proposes an amendment numbered 23 
to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. SANDERS. I ask unanimous con-
sent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To increase the quantity of solar 
photovoltaic electricity by providing re-bates for the purchase and installation of an additional 10,000,000 photovoltaic sys-tems by 2025) 
After section 2, insert the following: 
SEC. lll . REBATES FOR PURCHASE AND IN-
STALLATION OF PHOTOVOLTAIC SYSTEMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) P HOTOVOLTAIC SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘pho-
tovoltaic system’’ includes— 
(A) solar panels; (B) roof support structures; (C) inverters; (D) an energy storage system, if the energy 
storage system is integrated with the photo-voltaic system; and 
(E) any other hardware necessary for the 
installation of a photovoltaic system. 
(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Energy. 
(b) R EBATES FOR PURCHASE AND INSTALLA -
TION OF PHOTOVOLTAIC SYSTEMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a program under which the Secretary shall provide rebates to eligible individuals or entities for the purchase and installation of photovoltaic systems for residential and commercial properties in order to install, over the 10-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, not less than an ad-ditional 10,000,000 photovoltaic systems in the United States (as compared to the num-ber of photovoltaic systems installed in the 
United States as of the date of enactment of this Act) with a cumulative capacity of not less than 60,000 megawatts. 
(2) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible for a rebate 
under this subsection— 
(i) the recipient of the rebate shall be a 
homeowner, business, nonprofit entity, or State or local government that purchased and installed a photovoltaic system for a property located in the United States; and 
(ii) the recipient of the rebate shall meet 
such other eligibility criteria as are deter-mined to be appropriate by the Secretary. 
(B) O
THER ENTITIES .—After public review 
and comment, the Secretary may identify other individuals or entities located in the United States that qualify for a rebate under this subsection. 
(3) A
MOUNT .—Subject to paragraph (4)(B) 
and the availability of appropriations under subsection (c), the amount of a rebate pro-vided to an eligible individual or entity for the purchase and installation of a photo-voltaic system for a property under this sub-section shall be equal to the lesser of— 
(A) 15 percent of the initial capital costs 
for purchasing and installing the photo-voltaic system, including costs for hardware, permitting and other ‘‘soft costs’’, and in-stallation; or 
(B) $10,000. (4) I
NTERMEDIATE REPORT .—As soon as 
practicable after the end of the 5-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress, and publish on the website of the Department of Energy, a report that describes— 
(A) the number of photovoltaic systems for 
residential and commercial properties pur-chased and installed with rebates provided under this subsection; and 
(B) any steps the Secretary will take to en-
sure that the goal of the installation of an additional 10,000,000 photovoltaic systems in the United States is achieved by 2025. 
(5) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAW .—The au-
thority provided under this subsection shall be in addition to any other authority under which credits or other types of financial as-sistance are provided for installation of a photovoltaic system for a property. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sec-tion. 
Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, it 
goes without saying I disagree with my good friend from Alabama in terms of his assessment of the climate situa-tion. To my mind, the scientific com-munity, the overwhelming majority of scientists have made it clear that cli-mate change is real, caused by human activity, is already causing devastating problems in our country and around the world, that we have a limited op-portunity to try to transform our en-ergy system so a bad situation does not become much worse. One of the ways we transform our energy system is by moving to such sustainable energies as wind, solar, geothermal, and others. 
What this amendment does is propose 
to create over the next 10 years 10 mil-lion solar rooftops in this country—a massive effort to expand solar energy in this country by giving a rebate on new solar systems. As we all know, the solar industry is booming. We are see-ing significant increases in the number of people who are using solar. Today there are more than 13,000 megawatts 
of operating solar capacity, nearly half a million photovoltaic systems. 
We have made real progress in recent 
years. But we have a long way to go, and that is what this legislation would do. I wanted to say a word about an ar-ticle that appeared in many of the pa-pers today which I think is pretty scary stuff. 
It talks about the Koch brothers 
being prepared to spend almost $1 bil-lion in 2016 in order to bring forward their very rightwing agenda. When we hear these numbers about one family— the second wealthiest family in Amer-ica, extreme rightwing family—pre-pared to spend almost $1 billion in the coming elections, I think the American people have to ask whether the founda-tions of American democracy have been uprooted and whether in fact we are moving to an oligarchic form of so-ciety. As many people know, what oli-garchy is about is when you have very wealthy and powerful people control-ling what goes on. 
What the history of America presum-
ably has been about is ordinary people determining what happens in our coun-try. Ordinary people elect Members of the House and elect Members of the Senate. Now what we have is one fam-ily worth some $85 billion prepared to spend in the next election almost as much as Obama spent and almost as much as Romney spent in the last Presidential election. 
My guess is in the coming years what 
we are going to see is the major and most effective and most powerful polit-ical party in America is not the Repub-lican Party. It is not the Democratic Party. It is the Koch brothers party. They already have assembled, as I un-derstand it, a political database which has more information than the Repub-lican Party database. 
We have to take a very hard look at 
what is going on and determine wheth-er this is what we believe our democ-racy should be—a billionaire family with more power than either the Demo-cratic or Republican Parties. 
In the last election the Republican 
candidate for President, Mitt Romney, spent about $446 million from his cam-paign committee—about half of what the Koch network plans to spend next year. President Obama spent $715 mil-lion in 2012 from his campaign com-mittee. The difference is that Obama and Romney raised significant sums of money from people all over the coun-try, people who may have contributed 50 bucks or 100 bucks, and now we have one family preparing to spend almost as much money as either Obama or Romney spent, and that is a fright-ening situation. It tells me loudly and clearly that we must overturn this dis-astrous Supreme Court decision called Citizens United. 
REBUILD AMERICA ACT  
Madam President, today I have intro-
duced legislation that calls for a $1 trillion investment to rebuild our col-lapsing infrastructure; that is, our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S519 January 27, 2015 
roads, bridges, wastewater plants, 
water systems, dams, levees, rail, air-ports. 
Everybody in the Senate and I hope 
everybody in America understands that our infrastructure is collapsing. We can’t avoid dealing with this issue. We can’t turn our backs on this issue. I am a former mayor, and what I can say is that infrastructure does not get better when we ignore it. It gets worse, and it becomes more expensive to fix. 
For most of our history the United 
States proudly led the world in build-ing innovative infrastructure, from in-land canals to the transcontinental railroad. We implemented huge flood- control projects and embarked on an ambitious rural electrification pro-gram. We built modern airports and the Interstate Highway System. In terms of infrastructure, we were the envy of the world. Sadly, that is no longer the case. 
Today the United States spends just 
2.4 percent of GDP on infrastructure— less than at any point in the past 20 years. Europe spends twice that amount, and China spends close to four times our rate. We are falling further and further behind, and that is not where the United States of America should be. 
Today we are 12th in the world in 
terms of the quality of our infrastruc-ture when we used to be No. 1. One out of every nine bridges in our country is structurally deficient and nearly one- quarter are functionally obsolete. Al-most one-third of our roads are in poor or mediocre condition, and more than 42 percent of urban highways are con-gested. Urban and suburban transit systems are struggling to address de-ferred maintenance even as ridership steadily increases. 
No one argues about the need to re-
build our crumbling infrastructure. When we do that, we get an additional bonus because if we invest $1 trillion over a 5-year period, we can create 13 million decent-paying jobs, and that is exactly what we should be doing. Real unemployment today is not 5.6 percent, it is 11 percent. Youth unemployment is 18 percent. African-American youth unemployment is 30 percent. We need to create millions of decent-paying jobs, and the best way we can do that is by rebuilding our crumbling infra-structure. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the pending amendments be set aside and that I be permitted to proceed as in morning business for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
529 COLLEGE SAVINGS PLANS  
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, in 
President Obama’s State of the Union Address last week, he outlined an agen-da focused on what he called middle- class economics, which he described as providing Americans with the ‘‘tools they needed to go as far as their effort 
and their dreams will take them.’’ 
Our country thrives when hard-work-
ing Americans prosper. The President was right to praise policies, such as the GI bill and Social Security, that have helped us to do just that. That is why I am perplexed at the President’s pro-posal to tax the earnings of 529 college savings plan accounts. Rather than help American families meet the oner-ous cost of a college education, this new tax would greatly diminish the benefits of a law that is helping mil-lions of parents plan for their chil-dren’s futures. The President’s pro-posal undermines the very values we should be promoting—families making sacrifices today in order to better pro-vide for their children tomorrow. The President’s plan would also lead to more student loan debt for many young people at a time when concern over the level of debt is rising. 
I would also note that the President 
has proposed eliminating the tax de-duction on interest on student loan payments. 
One of the first questions new par-
ents ask themselves is how they will be able to pay for their children’s edu-cation. For the past 14 years the 529 ac-counts have been an important part of the answer. They have allowed parents to save for their children’s education in tax-advantaged accounts. Regular, af-fordable contributions made with after-tax dollars from their paychecks grow over time. When college years start, those savings and the earnings from their investments can be with-drawn tax free for educational ex-penses. These small sacrifices made from paycheck to paycheck can have an enormous impact, making real the dream of higher education. 
Parents know that receiving a col-
lege degree greatly improves their child’s future earnings potential. In fact, according to data compiled by the U.S. Census Bureau in the year 2011, in-dividuals with college degrees earn ap-proximately $1 million more over the course of their careers than do workers with high school diplomas. Census data also showed that people with higher levels of education are more likely to be employed full time year-round. Col-lege graduates also tend to have access to more specialized jobs that, in turn, yield higher wages. 
Critics of the 529 plans assert that 
they disproportionately benefit very high-income families who could afford to pay for college without the tax-free growth in these dedicated savings ac-counts. Data from the College Savings Foundation, however, counters this as-sertion. According to the foundation, the average value in one of these 529 accounts is $19,774. Additionally, the average contribution to accounts that receive regular electronic contribu-tions, such as those coming from pay-check withholding, is just $175 a month. That is clearly more in line with hard-working families trying to make ends meet than with affluent families who enjoy significant dispos-
able income. 
My home State provides a great ex-
ample of the benefits of the 529 law. After this law was passed in 2001, thou-sands of Maine families established these accounts, but then came a power-ful extra incentive. In 2008 the Harold Alfond Foundation, which was estab-lished by one of Maine’s greatest phi-lanthropists, created the Harold Alfond College Challenge. This program now provides a $500 contribution to the col-lege savings account of every baby born in Maine. To date, some 23,000 Maine families have used this generous gift to begin planning for the future education of their children. As their parents’ own contributions are added to the account, the future becomes even brighter for these children and for our State. As the children grow and make their own contributions from afterschool and summer jobs, so too grows their appreciation of financial responsibility and self-reliance. 
The President says his proposal is 
driven in part by the need to simplify the Tax Code. Our Tax Code certainly needs simplification, and I hope that becomes a major accomplishment of this Congress. But the question must be asked—how does creating a dif-ference between the 529 contributions already made, which would remain untaxed, and new contributions, which would be taxed, simplify anything? And perhaps more to the point, in addition to simplification, our Tax Code needs predictability. 
Before I joined the Senate, I was em-
ployed at Husson University in Bangor, ME—an outstanding institution that has a high percentage of students who are the very first in their families to attend college. Every day, I saw how hard parents and students worked, how many sacrifices they made in order to make higher education a reality. 
My experience at Husson is the chief 
reason why one of the very first bills I introduced in this Chamber was the College Affordability and Access Act. That bill called for creating tax-pre-ferred education savings account—the precursor to the Coverdell savings ac-counts—tax incentives for employer- provided educational assistance, and a tax deduction for student loan interest. Many provisions of that bill are now law but would also be harmed by the President’s proposal. 
The 529 college savings plan program 
channels the determination that I saw while working at Husson University and that exists throughout our great country into a tangible benefit built upon the virtues of saving and planning for the future. Changing the tax rules for the 529 accounts would break a promise to families across this country who are working hard to save for their children’s educations to help them at-tain a brighter future. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
working to make college more acces-sible and more affordable and to save the 529 college savings plan program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S520 January 27, 2015 
I thank the sponsors and managers of 
this bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
I rise and thank my colleague from Maine for bringing up this very impor-
tant issue. I would like her to know that I join with her in a concern that has been raised with the President and this proposal. 
As the mom of two young men who 
are just finishing their years in col-lege—I have one who graduated last year and one who will graduate in May. Very early on we participated in the 529 plan that was offered in the State of Alaska. 
In fact, in my early years as a State 
legislator, it was my legislation in the Statehouse that set up the University of Alaska 529 College Savings Plan, and our boys were direct beneficiaries of that, if you will, because it allowed us, as parents, to begin our savings in a way we knew, when it came time for them to go to schools, we would be as prepared as we could be at that point in time. 
I don’t think any family is ever real-
ly prepared, particularly for the ex-traordinary costs of higher education. We were fortunate in that our sons chose to attend schools that were not some of the most expensive schools in the country—they attended State uni-versities—but what we paid as a family for their college education, and having two boys in college at the same time puts a stress on families that is very real. So the suggestion that somehow these 529s benefit a very limited group of families across the Nation, I think, belies the obvious. 
I think we all try to do the best we 
can by our kids, and saving for their future when they are very young is im-portant. 
So when we have these programs that 
will allow and encourage families to do this, knowing there will be a tax ben-efit, it is important. It is important for the families, it is important for the young people looking to their opportu-nities in college and, hopefully, when they complete their college education, they are not bearing these incredibly crushing financial burdens. 
Again, I applaud the efforts of my 
colleague and I look forward to work-ing with her on this very important issue. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
AMENDMENT NO . 174 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, I 
rise to ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up Merkley amendment No. 174. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-
lows: 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. M ERKLEY ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 174 to amendment No. 2. Mr. MERKLEY. I ask unanimous 
consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To express the sense of Congress 
that the United States should prioritize and fund adaptation projects in commu-nities in the United States while also help-ing to fund climate change adaptation in developing countries) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 
FUNDING OF CLIMATE CHANGE AD-APTATION PROGRAMS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) President Obama has committed 
$3,000,000,000 from the United States to the Green Climate Fund, with the objective of helping developing countries deal with the impacts of climate change and advancing mitigation efforts; 
(2) many communities in the United 
States, including many rural and indigenous communities, face social and economic chal-lenges that rival those in developing coun-tries and are also being impacted by climate change; 
(3) these communities include indigenous 
and traditional communities in the Arctic region of the United States; 
(4) similar opportunities for adaptation 
projects exist across rural and other vulner-able communities in the United States; and 
(5) the United States should prioritize and 
fund adaptation projects in vulnerable com-munities in the United States, including rural and indigenous communities, while also helping to fund climate change adapta-tion and mitigation in developing countries. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, in 
very brief format, this amendment is about recognizing that global warming is having an impact on some of the poorest countries around the world, and that the United States should work with these nations in terms of helping them address some of those con-sequences. But the amendment also notes that we have communities in the United States that are poor and strug-gling with the impacts of climate change and that we should give much attention to helping those commu-nities address the impacts as well and that these two issues—helping poor countries around the world and helping communities within the United States—are not in conflict with each other in that we should be doing both of these things. 
AMENDMENT NO . 125 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
(Purpose: To eliminate unnecessary tax 
subsidies and provide infrastructure fund-ing.) 
I wish to call up a second amend-
ment, so I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up amendment No. 125. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-
lows: 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. M ERKLEY ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 125 to amendment No. 2. Mr. MERKLEY. I ask unanimous 
consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of January 22, 2015, under 
‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. MERKLEY. Madam President, 
this amendment recognizes that con-struction jobs can play a key role in strengthening our economy, and not just strengthening our economy with current jobs but rebuilding infrastruc-ture or building new infrastructure that will facilitate a very successful economy in the future. 
This particular amendment proposes 
that we not create 4,000 construction jobs in the pipeline but that we create 400,000 jobs rebuilding key infrastruc-ture in a variety of ways across our Na-tion. 
I think as we wrestle with both the 
current economy and the strength of the future economy, this is an idea well worth considering. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
AMENDMENT NO . 131 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 131. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-
lows: 
The Senator from Washington [Ms. C ANT-
WELL ], for herself and Mrs. B OXER , proposes 
an amendment numbered 131 to amendment No. 2. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To ensure that if the Keystone XL 
Pipeline is built, it will be built safely and in compliance with United States environ-mental laws) 
In section 2(a), strike the period at the end 
and insert the following: 
, subject to— 
(1) all applicable laws (including regula-
tions); 
(2) all mitigation measures that are re-
quired in permits issued by permitting agen-cies; and 
(3) all project-specific special conditions 
listed in Appendix Z of the Final Supple-mental Environmental Impact Statement issued by the Secretary of State in January 2014. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Madam President, 
as my colleague said, we are going back and forth on offering amendments to this bill and I hope this process will lead us toward getting this bill wrapped up. I know many of my col-leagues have been talking about var-ious aspects of this legislation, and this particular amendment focuses on making sure that if this project goes forward that we meet certain environ-mental standards. 
I can’t say how important that is be-
cause the first serious delay in the ap-proval process came because a bad route was selected. The pipeline was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S521 January 27, 2015 
originally proposed to go through an 
aquifer that is critically important to a large percentage of agriculture in the area. So this is very important to me, and that was a very glaring example that we need to get this right. 
What was wrong then is that Con-
gress was set to intervene and basically say the State Department was wrong and just go ahead and approve this pipeline. So I feel we are about at that same point again in saying just forget the administrative process and let us go ahead and deem this approved. So if Congress, rather than the administra-tion, approves this pipeline, the Amer-ican people will lose all the protections and conditions attached as part of the national interest determination. 
Just so people understand, according 
to Executive Order 13337, the State De-partment can require permits to con-tain ‘‘such terms and conditions as the national interest may . . . require.’’ So the President can decide a pipeline is in the national interest if it is con-structed to meet those specific stand-ards. 
In this case, the State Department’s 
environmental impact statement out-lined hundreds of conditions that should be met to ensure the pipeline is built to the highest safety standard. To quote the environmental impact state-ment: 
If the proposed Project is determined to 
serve the national interest . . . the applicant would be required to abide by certain condi-tions listed in this Supplemental EIS and the Presidential Permit. 
So these conditions, or mitigation 
measures, as the report refers to them, are compiled in one section of the re-port and it highlights the measures TransCanada needs to take to deal with and reduce the impacts when they are operating this pipeline. These are higher standards for environmental and public safety that the company would be obligated to meet. 
The problem is the bill before us 
would authorize the pipeline without those mechanisms and without those conditions. If TransCanada declined to meet these conditions, there would be no legal recourse for the injured par-ties to take TransCanada to court. 
I wish to talk about those conditions 
that are included in the environmental impact statement so that my col-leagues understand what we are talk-ing about when they say they would vote to bypass this process. I will give three examples of the conditions in-cluded in the environmental impact statement. 
First, along the proposed pipeline 
there are areas where the terrain is fragile. There has been a lot of discus-sion of the Sand Hills region of Ne-braska and how difficult it would be to site a pipeline on those very fragile sandy soils. The Sand Hills are so frag-ile that the current route goes around them just to compensate. However, in southern South Dakota and northern Nebraska, there are areas that, accord-ing to the environmental impact state-ment, ‘‘exhibit conditions similar to 
the Sand Hills Region and are very sus-ceptible to wind erosion.’’ 
Let me read from the appendix about 
how TransCanada would be required to operate the pipeline in those areas. 
This document proves site-specific rec-
lamation plans that itemize construction, erosion control, and revegetation procedures for those fragile areas . . . To reduce the po-tential impacts related to severe wind and water and erosion, the following summary . . . of best management practices would be implemented during construction, reclama-tion and post-construction. 
This document then goes on to list 16 
specific bullet points outlined that TransCanada must meet. These condi-tions for the Sand Hills-like area along the route include: avoiding wetlands, avoiding erosion-prone areas such as ridgetops, working with landowners to build fences to prevent livestock from the construction, providing compensa-tion to landowners who need to let pas-tures rest until vegetation can be rees-tablished. 
Most people would agree Trans-
Canada should do these things. I think the American people would say follow the rules and do the things that are re-quired. It makes sense to do these things for the protection of our envi-ronment and vulnerable areas and for the landowners whose livelihoods de-pend on the land around the pipeline. But if S. 1 became law, the State De-partment would not have the authority to ensure the things I just mentioned— that they build the fences, they com-pensate the ranchers as outlined, and the conditions be required that the State Department has laid out. 
So the State Department, the Fish 
and Wildlife Service, and TransCanada are working on a plan to ensure the protection of endangered species along the pipeline route and these important things are part of what we want to see addressed. Implementation of an agree-ment that is designed to avoid harm to these species is what we are trying to make sure of if the President has the authority to issue a permit. 
In contrast, the bill we are consid-
ering, S. 1, exempts the pipeline from further review under the Endangered Species Act. According to the State Department, the process that is now underway to establish these imple-menting agreements to protect these vulnerable species would stop—would stop—if this bill became law. 
Finally, the conditions would require 
TransCanada to improve its safety standards. And my colleagues may not know that TransCanada received a ‘‘warning letter’’ from the Federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safe-ty Administration for violating pipe-line safety regulations over a year and a half ago. As outlined in a September 26, 2013, letter from the administration: 
TransCanada experienced a high rejection 
rate for welding and failed to use properly qualify welders. 
So in 1 week alone, 72 percent of 
TransCanada’s welds had to be re-placed. After TransCanada’s shoddy 
work came to light, the State Depart-ment added 2 new safety conditions to the 57 conditions that the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Adminis-tration had already required. 
One of those conditions required 
TransCanada to hire a third-party con-tractor to monitor pipeline construc-tion and report back to the U.S. Gov-ernment whether that construction is sound. 
So this new condition was that 
TransCanada adopt a quality manage-ment program to ensure ‘‘this pipeline is—from the beginning—built to the highest standards by both the Keystone 
personnel and its many contractors.’’ But if this legislation is approved, this pipeline and all the conditions I just mentioned fall away. That is why I do believe that, with this legislation, we are acting prematurely. So I am offer-ing this amendment. 
Last week we had a very big re-
minder that pipeline spills do happen when 30,000 gallons of oil spilled into the Yellowstone River in Montana—not the first spill into that river, unfortu-nately. 
So I ask my colleagues, why would 
we continue on a process without mak-ing sure that TransCanada follows the established safety issues on pipelines and we make sure that they comply with these environmental laws? 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
voting for this amendment. I hope my colleagues will stand with 61 percent of the American people who believe that due process is more important than special interests. 
Madam President, I yield to my col-
league from Alaska. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, 
we have a number of amendments pending on both sides of the aisle and there are other Senators who are work-ing with us to offer them tonight. We will be working to set votes on many of these pending amendments tomorrow, with nongermane amendments set at a 60-vote threshold. 
So if there are other Senators on ei-
ther side who have amendments they intend to offer, they should be coming down to the floor to talk with the bill managers and get those amendments pending. We do intend to try to get to the third reading of the bill before the end of the week. 
With that, I recognize the Senator 
from North Carolina, who is with us to offer an amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
AMENDMENT NO . 102 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. TILLIS. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up my amendment No. 102. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S522 January 27, 2015 
The Senator from North Carolina [Mr. 
TILLIS ], for himself and Mr. B URR, proposes 
an amendment numbered 102 to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. TILLIS. I ask unanimous consent 
that reading of the amendment be dis-pensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide for leasing on the outer 
Continental Shelf and the distribution of certain qualified revenues from such leas-ing) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
TITLE lll —ATLANTIC OCS ACCESS AND 
REVENUE SHARE ACT OF 2015 
SEC. ll01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Atlantic 
OCS Access and Revenue Share Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. ll02. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: 
(1) M ID-ATLANTIC PRODUCING STATE .—The 
term ‘‘Mid-Atlantic Producing State’’ means each of the States of— 
(A) Delaware; (B) Maryland; (C) North Carolina; and (D) Virginia. (2) M
ID-ATLANTIC PLANNING AREA .—The 
term ‘‘Mid-Atlantic Planning Area’’ means the Mid-Atlantic Planning Area of the outer Continental Shelf designated in the docu-ment entitled ‘‘Final Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program 2012–17’’ and dated June 2012. 
(3) Q
UALIFIED OUTER CONTINENTAL SHELF  
REVENUES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘qualified outer 
Continental Shelf revenues’’ means all rent-als, royalties, bonus bids, and other sums due and payable to the United States from leases entered into on or after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘qualified 
outer Continental Shelf revenues’’ does not include— 
(i) revenues from the forfeiture of a bond 
or other surety securing obligations other than royalties, civil penalties, or royalties taken by the Secretary in-kind and not sold; or 
(ii) revenues generated from leases subject 
to section 8(g) of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1337(g)). 
(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(5) S OUTH ATLANTIC PRODUCING STATE .—The 
term ‘‘South Atlantic Producing State’’ means each of the States of— 
(A) Florida; (B) Georgia; and (C) South Carolina. (6) S
OUTH ATLANTIC PLANNING AREA .—The 
term ‘‘South Atlantic Planning Area’’ means the South Atlantic Planning Area of the outer Continental Shelf designated in the document entitled ‘‘Final Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program 2012–17’’ and dated June 2012. 
SEC. ll03. OFFSHORE OIL AND GAS LEASING IN 
MID-ATLANTIC AND SOUTH ATLAN-TIC PLANNING AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary sha1l— 
(1) not later than July 15, 2016, publish and 
submit to Congress a new proposed oil and gas leasing program prepared under section 18 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1344) for the 5-year period begin-ning on July 15, 2017 and ending July 15, 2022; and 
(2) not later than July 15, 2017, approve a 
final oil and gas leasing program under that section for that period. (b) I
NCLUSION OF MID-ATLANTIC AND SOUTH  
ATLANTIC PLANNING AREAS .—The Secretary 
shall include in the program described in subsection (a) annual lease sales in both the Mid-Atlantic Planning Area and the South Atlantic Planning Area. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ONLEASING CERTAIN  
AREAS — 
(1) P ETITION .—Notwithstanding subsections 
(a) and (b), the leasing of areas within the administrative boundaries of a Mid-Atlantic Producing State or South Atlantic Pro-ducing State that are 30 miles or less off the coast of the State shall be prohibited. 
SEC. ll04. DISPOSITION OF QUALIFIED OUTER 
CONTINENTAL SHELF REVENUES FROM MID-ATLANTIC LEASING AC-TIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
9 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1338) and subject to this section, for each applicable fiscal year, the Secretary of the Treasury shall deposit— 
(1) 50 percent of qualified outer Conti-
nental Shelf revenues generated from leasing activities in the Mid-Atlantic Planning Area in the general fund of the Treasury; and 
(2) 50 percent of qualified outer Conti-
nental Shelf revenues generated from leasing activities in the Mid-Atlantic Planning Area in a special account in the Treasury from which the Secretary shall disburse— 
(A) 75 percent to Mid-Atlantic Producing 
States in accordance with subsection (b); and 
(B) 25 percent to provide financial assist-
ance to States in accordance with section 200305 of title 54, United States Code, which shall be considered income to the Land and Water Conservation Fund for purposes of sec-tion 200302 of that title. 
(b) A
LLOCATION AMONG MID-ATLANTIC PRO-
DUCING STATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the amount made available under subsection (a)(2)(A) from any lease entered into within the Mid-Atlantic Planning Area shall be al-located to each Mid-Atlantic producing State in amounts (based on a formula estab-lished by the Secretary by regulation) that are inversely proportional to the respective distances between the point on the coastline of each Mid-Atlantic Producing State that is closest to the geographic center of the appli-cable leased tract and the geographic center of the leased tract. 
(2) M
INIMUM ALLOCATION .—The amount al-
located to a Mid-Atlantic Producing State each fiscal year under paragraph (1) shall be at least 10 percent of the amounts available under subsection (a)(2)(A). 
(c) T
IMING .—The amounts required to be 
deposited under subsection (a)(2) for the ap-plicable fiscal year shall be made available in accordance with that paragraph during the fiscal year immediately following the ap-plicable fiscal year. 
(d) A
DMINISTRATION .—Amounts made avail-
able under subsection (a)(2) shall— 
(1) be made available, without further ap-
propriation, in accordance with this section; 
(2) remain available until expended; and (3) be in addition to any amounts appro-
priated under— 
(A) the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act 
(43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.); 
(B) chapter 2003 of title 54, United States 
Code; or 
(C) any other provision of law. (e) D
ISTRIBUTED QUALIFIED OUTER CONTI-
NENTAL SHELF REVENUES SHALL BENET OF  
RECEIPTS .—For each of fiscal years 2017 
through 2055, expenditures under subsection (a)(2) and shall be net of receipts from that fiscal year from qualified outer Continental shelf revenues from any area in the Mid-At-lantic Planning Area. SEC. ll05. DISPOSITION OF QUALIFIED OUTER 
CONTINENTAL SHELF REVENUES FROM SOUTH ATLANTIC LEASING ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
9 of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1338) and subject to this section, for each applicable fiscal year, the Secretary of the Treasury shall deposit— 
(1) 50 percent of qualified outer Conti-
nental Shelf revenues generated from leasing activities in the South Atlantic Planning Area in the general fund of the Treasury; and 
(2) 50 percent of qualified outer Conti-
nental Shelf revenues generated from leasing activities in the South Atlantic Planning Area in a special account in the Treasury from which the Secretary shall disburse— 
(A) 75 percent to South Atlantic Producing 
States in accordance with subsection (b); and 
(B) 25 percent to provide financial assist-
ance to States in accordance with section 200305 of title 54, United States Code, which shall be considered income to the Land and Water Conservation Fund for purposes of sec-tion 200302 of that title. 
(b) A
LLOCATION AMONG SOUTH ATLANTIC  
PRODUCING STATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the amount made available under subsection (a)(2)(A) from any lease entered into within the South Atlantic Planning Area shall be allocated to each South Atlantic producing State in amounts (based on a formula estab-lished by the Secretary by regulation) that are inversely proportional to the respective distances between the point on the coastline of each South Atlantic Producing State that is closest to the geographic center of the ap-plicable leased tract and the geographic cen-ter of the leased tract. 
(2) M
INIMUM ALLOCATION .—The amount al-
located to a South Atlantic Producing State each fiscal year under paragraph (1) shall be at least 10 percent of the amounts available under subsection (a)(2)(A). 
(c) T
IMING .—The amounts required to be 
deposited under paragraph subsection (a)(2) for the applicable fiscal year shall be made available in accordance with that paragraph during the fiscal year immediately following the applicable fiscal year. 
(d) A
DMINISTRATION .—Amounts made avail-
able under subsection (a)(2) shall— 
(1) be made available, without further ap-
propriation, in accordance with this section; 
(2) remain available until expended; and (3) be in addition to any amounts appro-
priated under— 
(A) the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act 
(43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.); 
(B) chapter 2003 of title 54, United States 
Code; or 
(C) any other provision of law. (e) D
ISTRIBUTED QUALIFIED OUTER CONTI-
NENTAL SHELF REVENUES SHALL BENET OF  
RECEIPTS .—For each of fiscal years 2017 
through 2055, expenditures under subsection (a)(2) and shall be net of receipts from that fiscal year from qualified outer Continental shelf revenues from any area in the South Atlantic Planning Area. 
Mr. TILLIS. Madam President, ear-
lier this week—actually, yesterday and today—the Department of the Interior announced a plan that will allow the permitting in 2017 for offshore oil and gas drilling off the Outer Continental Shelf of our beautiful east coast. 
The concern we have with this meas-
ure is not unlike the concern my friends may have in Alaska, with steps taken by the administration that actu-ally limit the true potential of these regions. Like Alaska, we have a num-ber of opportunities for offshore oil and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S523 January 27, 2015 
natural gas drilling that have not been 
exploited in the past, and I am afraid that under the current course and speed of the administration’s action, they will not be fully exploited to the benefit of North Carolinians and many east coast States. 
That is why Senator B
URRand I have 
sponsored an amendment that directs the administration to take more deci-sive and more comprehensive action so we can seize the opportunity for North Carolina and many of our neighbor States. 
The main reason we are doing this is 
because I think North Carolina and the east coast can do their part to make our Nation an energy super power. We can also have enormously positive im-pact on our economy as we move for-ward. This slide depicts some of the initial estimates for the economic im-pact that we could have by simply di-recting the Department of the Interior to issue leases and to allow exploration and ultimately extraction off the coast. 
This graphic gives us an idea, from 
Delaware down to Florida, of the po-tential jobs creation. We can see that in North Carolina that is 55,000 jobs. It is 55,000 jobs in some of the hardest hit areas of North Carolina, where people are out of work, and the unemploy-ment rate is well above the State aver-age. It is a jobs creation opportunity that we are just waiting to be able to provide to the States with the ultimate authority to decide whether they are going to move forward. 
In terms of the economic impact, it 
is over $190 billion in capital invest-ment and nearly $51 billion in revenue to the Federal Government and to State governments between 2017 and 2035. 
This opportunity is something that I 
hope doesn’t go without the full efforts of the State to actually determine how we can do it in an environmentally re-sponsible way. 
I was speaker of the house before I 
came into this great body, and we took the steps to put into place a regulatory framework to allow potential natural gas drilling within the State of North Carolina. We did it in a very respon-sible way, and we did it in a way that made sure stakeholders had the oppor-tunity—environmentalists, business people, travel and tourism—so we make sure we get it right. I believe we have laid the groundwork with the State. Now we want to do the same thing for the opportunity that we have near the Outer Continental Shelf. 
The process will involve the input of 
several stakeholders. It will involve the input of environmentalists and key stakeholders across the State to make sure we get this right. Ultimately, it gives the States the right to determine whether they want to pursue this— from Florida to Delaware. 
The other thing it does is addresses a 
number of concerns I heard when I was a legislator and since I was speaker. It has to do with one of the greatest as-sets we have in North Carolina; that is 
North Carolina’s beautiful coast. 
This is a picture of a North Carolina 
beach today. It is beautiful. It is why we have millions of people come visit our coast every year. Based on our amendment, this is a picture of how that same beach will look after we au-thorize drilling and we are actually creating those jobs. It is that same beautiful beach because we have taken the steps to make sure that any drill-ing would be beyond the sight line of our beautiful beaches. I believe, as a re-sult, we will have travel and tourism on our side because those jobs create additional opportunity to expand op-portunities for travel and tourism. 
Then, finally, I want to talk about 
what good the revenue to the State can do for this very same area. We des-perately need increased infrastructure in the eastern part of our State. We desperately need funds to renourish our beaches, and we desperately need funds to clear our inlet and outfit our ports so that North Carolina can play a part in the new shipping patterns that will occur post-Panama Canal upgrade. 
So in terms of economics, it is fairly 
simple. We are looking for about 50 per-cent of a revenue share, with 37 percent of that going to the States and for the effective regions for items such as inlet clearing and beach renourishment. 
We are also looking to have 12.5 per-
cent of the revenues dedicated to the Land and Water Conservation Fund so we can continue the good work of set-ting aside irreplaceable lands and in-crease outdoor recreation activities. 
I believe this is an opportunity for 
North Carolina to do its part to make America the energy super power that we need it to be, to improve our econ-omy in North Carolina, and to con-
tribute to improving the economy of this great Nation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
AMENDMENT NO . 178 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the pend-ing amendment be set aside and call up Markey amendment No. 178. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. 
MARKEY ] proposes an amendment numbered 
178 to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. MARKEY. I ask unanimous con-
sent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To ensure that products derived 
from tar sands are treated as crude oil for purposes of the Federal excise tax on pe-troleum) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . INCLUSION OF OIL DERIVED FROM 
TAR SANDS AS CRUDE OIL. 
This Act shall not take effect prior to 10 
days following the date that diluted bitumen and other bituminous mixtures derived from 
tar sands or oil sands are treated as crude oil for purposes of section 4612(a)(1) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986. 
AMENDMENT NO . 141 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I 
have a second amendment, Markey amendment No. 141. I ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up Markey amend-ment No. 141. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. 
MARKEY ] proposes an amendment numbered 
141 to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To delay the effective date until 
the President determines that the pipeline will not have certain negative impacts) 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. lll . EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Notwithstanding subsections (2)(a) and 
(2)(b), this Act shall not take effect until any consultation, analysis or review required by the National Environmental Policy Act, En-dangered Species Act, or any other provision of law that requires Federal agency con-sultation or review, is completed with re-spect to whether increased greenhouse gas emissions, including the indirect greenhouse gas emissions over the lifecycle of oil sands crude oil production, and transportation from the diluted bitumen and other bitu-minous mixtures derived from tar sands or oil sands transported through the pipeline, described in section 2(a), are likely to con-tribute to an increase in more extreme weather events. 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, the 
subject matter of these two amend-ments is, No. 1, the Canadian oil com-pany that wants to build a pipeline through our country right now is ex-empt from having to pay taxes into the oilspill liability trust fund. In other words, if there is an actual accident in the United States, if the oil pipe breaks or something happens, the Canadians will not have paid into the oilspill li-ability trust fund the way every Amer-ican pipeline company has to do. 
So my first amendment would just 
say that they cannot be exempt from that, and the hundreds of millions of dollars which they are responsible for would have to be put into the trust fund. 
The second amendment is an extreme 
weather amendment. That amendment would call for a requirement and anal-ysis of the impact that global warming would have from the tar sands pollu-tion and would require that we have that scientific analysis just so that we can understand it and its impact on ex-treme weather events in the United States and across the planet. 
We would need both of those amend-
ments to be debated in order to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S524 January 27, 2015 
sure we fully understand the implica-
tions of what is being debated here. 
Finally, I wish to say that I note 
Senator C RUZ from Texas has an 
amendment which would almost auto-matically approve any natural gas ex-ports that were going to any WTO country in the world. I think that is a very bad stance for the Senate to take. 
We have to debate what the impact of 
the exportation of natural gas on a mass basis is going to be on the price of natural gas here in the United States— the price that utilities are going to have to pay for natural gas to generate electricity, the speed with which we will be able to transform our auto-motive sector from oil over to natural gas, the impact on the petrochemical industry and other industries that are now increasingly using low-priced nat-ural gas in our country. We also have to deal with the fact that the Energy Information Agency says that the al-ready-approved export of natural gas will lead to a more than 50-percent in-crease in domestic natural gas prices for Americans at home. 
I understand why the natural gas in-
dustry wants to do it, but I think we have to have a big debate here in Con-gress over the impact that those nat-ural gas imports are going to have, es-pecially if they are approved automati-cally if they are heading to any WTO country in the world. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
AMENDMENT NO . 148 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I ask unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside and I be allowed to call up my amendment, Whitehouse amendment No. 148. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE ], for himself, Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. U DALL , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. M URPHY , 
and Mr. H EINRICH , proposes an amendment 
numbered 148 to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I ask unanimous 
consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require campaign finance dis-
closures for certain persons benefitting from tar sands development) 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. ll. CAMPAIGN FINANCE DISCLOSURES BY 
THOSE PROFITING FROM TAR SANDS DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 304 of the Federal Election Cam-
paign Act of 1974 (52 U.S.C. 30104) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(j) D
ISCLOSURE BY TARSANDS BENE-
FICIARIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I NITIAL DISCLOSURE .—Every covered 
entity which has made covered disburse-ments and received covered transfers in an 
aggregate amount in excess of $10,000 during the period beginning on December 1, 2012, and ending on the date that is 165 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection shall file with the Commission a statement containing the information described in paragraph (2) not later than the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection. 
‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT DISCLOSURES .—Every cov-
ered entity which makes covered disburse-ments (other than covered disbursement re-ported under subparagraph (A))and received covered transfers (other than a covered transfer reported under subparagraph (A)) in an aggregate amount in excess of $10,000 dur-ing any calendar year shall, within 48 hours of each disclosure date, file with the Com-mission a statement containing the informa-tion described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF STATEMENT .—Each state-
ment required to be filed under this sub-section shall be made under penalty of per-jury and shall contain the following informa-tion: 
‘‘(A) The identification of the person mak-
ing the disbursement or receiving the trans-fer, of any person sharing or exercising direc-tion or control over the activities of such person, and of the custodian of the books and accounts of the person making the disburse-ment or receiving the transfer. 
‘‘(B) The principal place of business of the 
person making the disbursement or receiving the transfer, if not an individual. 
‘‘(C) The amount of each disbursement or 
transfer of more than $200 during the period covered by the statement and the identifica-tion of the person to whom the disbursement was made or from whom the transfer was re-ceived. 
‘‘(D) The elections to which the disburse-
ments or transfers pertain and the names (if known) of the candidates involved. 
‘‘(E) If the disbursements were paid out of 
a segregated bank account which consists of funds contributed solely by individuals who are United States citizens or nationals or lawfully admitted for permanent residence (as defined in section 101(a)(20) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(20))) directly to this account for elec-tioneering communications, the names and addresses of all contributors who contributed an aggregate amount of $1,000 or more to that account during— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(A), during the period described in such paragraph, and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(B), the period beginning on the first day of the preceding calendar year and ending on the disclosure date. 
Nothing in this subparagraph is to be con-
strued as a prohibition on the use of funds in such a segregated account for a purpose other than covered disbursements. 
‘‘(F) If the disbursements were paid out of 
funds not described in subparagraph (E), the names and addresses of all contributors who contributed an aggregate amount of $1,000 or more to the person making the disbursement during— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(A), during the period described in such paragraph, and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a statement under para-
graph (1)(B), the period beginning on the first day of the preceding calendar year and ending on the disclosure date. 
‘‘(3) C
OVERED ENTITY .—For purposes of this 
subsection— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘covered enti-
ty’ means— 
‘‘(i) any person who is described in sub-
paragraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) any person who owns 5 percent or 
more of any person described in subpara-graph (B). 
‘‘(B) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person is de-
scribed in this subparagraph if such person— 
‘‘(i) holds one or more tar sands leases, or ‘‘(ii) has received revenues or stands to re-
ceive revenues of $1,000,000 or greater from tar sands production, including revenues re-ceived in connection with— 
‘‘(I) exploration of tar sands; ‘‘(II) extraction of tar sands; ‘‘(III) processing of tar sands; ‘‘(IV) building, maintaining, and upgrading 
the Keystone XL pipeline and other related pipelines used in connection with tar sands; 
‘‘(V) expanding refinery capacity or build-
ing, expanding, and retrofitting import and export terminals in connection with tar sands; 
‘‘(VI) transportation by pipeline, rail, and 
barge of tar sands; 
‘‘(VII) refinement of tar sands; ‘‘(VIII) importing crude, refined oil, or by-
products derived from tar sands crude; 
‘‘(IX) exporting crude, byproducts, or re-
fined oil derived from tar sands crude; and 
‘‘(X) use of production byproducts from tar 
sands, such as petroleum coke for energy generation. 
‘‘(C) T
AR SANDS .—For purposes of this 
paragraph, the term ‘tar sands’ means bitu-men from the West Canadian Sedimentary Basin. 
‘‘(4) C
OVERED DISBURSEMENT .—For purposes 
of this subsection, the term ‘covered dis-bursement’ means a disbursement for any of the following: 
‘‘(A) An independent expenditure. ‘‘(B) A broadcast, cable, or satellite com-
munication (other than a communication de-scribed in subsection (f)(3)(B)) which— 
‘‘(i) refers to a clearly identified candidate 
for Federal office; 
‘‘(ii) is made— ‘‘(I) in the case of a communication which 
refers to a candidate for an office other than President or Vice President, during the pe-riod beginning on January 1 of the calendar year in which a general or runoff election is held and ending on the date of the general or runoff election (or in the case of a special election, during the period beginning on the date on which the announcement with re-spect to such election is made and ending on the date of the special election); or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a communication which 
refers to a candidate for the office of Presi-dent or Vice President, is made in any State during the period beginning 120 days before the first primary election, caucus, or pref-erence election held for the selection of dele-gates to a national nominating convention of a political party is held in any State (or, if no such election or caucus is held in any State, the first convention or caucus of a po-litical party which has the authority to nominate a candidate for the office of Presi-dent or Vice President) and ending on the date of the general election; and 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a communication 
which refers to a candidate for an office other than President or Vice President, is targeted to the relevant electorate (within the meaning of subsection (f)(3)(C)). 
‘‘(C) A transfer to another person for the 
purposes of making a disbursement described in subparagraph (A) or (B). 
‘‘(5) C
OVERED TRANSFER .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘covered transfer’ means any amount received by a covered en-tity for the purposes of making a covered disbursement. 
‘‘(6) D
ISCLOSURE DATE .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the term ‘disclosure date’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S525 January 27, 2015 
‘‘(A) the first date during any calendar 
year by which a person has made covered dis-bursements and received covered transfers aggregating in excess of $10,000; and 
‘‘(B) any other date during such calendar 
year by which a person has made covered dis-bursements and received covered transfers aggregating in excess of $10,000 since the most recent disclosure date for such calendar year. 
‘‘(7) C
ONTRACTS TO DISBURSE ; COORDINATION  
WITH OTHER REQUIREMENTS ; ETC,.—Rules simi-
lar to the rules of paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) of subsection (f) shall apply for purposes of this subsection.’’. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-
dent, I just wish to speak briefly to this amendment, which I hope might help answer the mystery as to why the first order of business of the new ma-jority in the Senate is S. 1, a bill that allows a foreign corporation to run a pipeline across our country, seizing American farms and ranches along the way. That would not ordinarily seem to be our country’s first and highest order of business given all of the issues that we face. 
We have seen news reports just today 
that the legendary Koch brothers are gearing up to spend $900 million in the coming election. We have seen news re-ports that compare their political oper-ation to the Republican National Com-mittee’s political operation—favorably to the Koch brothers as having a bigger political operation. 
We know that since Citizens United 
there has been a torrent of corporate money poured into our elections, and a great deal of it has come from the fos-sil fuel industry. We know also that be-side that torrent of disclosed money has been another torrent of dark money that has poured into our elec-tions. We don’t know quite where that has come from, but there are plenty of reasons to suspect and to suggest that money has also come from the fossil fuel industry. 
So we have a situation right now 
where I think reasonable people could look at the facts and draw a sensible inference that the Republican Party has been acquired by the fossil fuel in-dustry as its political subsidiary. If that were the case, then that might be an explanation of why S. 1 does this ex-traordinary service to a foreign cor-poration at peril to all of the American farms and ranches and families whose land would be taken from them in order to give this foreign corporation this great boon. 
This amendment would require that 
companies that will make more than $1 million off of the Keystone Pipeline should meet the disclosure obligations that we have voted on before in the Senate. These are disclosure obliga-tions that Republican Senators have often supported in the past. 
Indeed, until 2010 and until the Citi-
zens United decision actually showed where the money was coming from and to whom it was going, one of the most ardent and eloquent advocates for dis-closure was none other than the distin-guished Senator from Kentucky who is now our majority leader. So it would 
not seem to be out of place to ask for a little bit of disclosure, a little bit of transparency, about where the political contributions went from the corpora-
tions that are going to make so much money from this, whether it is more than $1 million made off the pipeline or whether it is opening up the tar sands and having tar sands leases. 
So I hope we will have a chance to 
vote on this, and if we are in favor of transparency and disclosure and voters understanding what is going on around here, this ought to be an amendment we ought to be able to support. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from New Jer-
sey. 
Mr. BOOKER. First of all, I want to 
say how good it is to see the Presiding Officer, and also recognize that he is a member of the nascent Cory caucus, and I respect that quite a bit. 
AMENDMENT NO . 155 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment in order to call up amendment No. 155. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. B OOKER ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 155 to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To allow permitting agencies to 
consider new circumstances and new infor-mation) 
At the end of section 2, add the following: 
(f) E
NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT  
SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in subsection (b) 
relieves any Federal agency of the obligation of the Federal agency to comply with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), including the obliga-tion of the Federal agency to prepare a sup-plement to the Final Supplemental Environ-mental Impact Statement described in sub-section (b) in connection with the issuance of any permit or authorization needed to con-struct, connect, operate, or maintain the pipeline and cross-border facilities described in subsection (a) if there are significant new circumstances or information relevant to en-vironmental concerns and bearing on the en-vironmental impacts resulting from the con-struction, connection, operation, and main-tenance of the pipeline and cross-border fa-cilities, including from greenhouse gas emis-sions associated with the crude oil being transported by the pipeline. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I want 
to say that amendment No. 155 is a very important amendment. It is com-mon sense. It is practical. The National Environmental Policy Act, NEPA as it is known, is one of the most emulated statutes in the world. It is something that many people see as valuable in other countries because NEPA, in fact, by many is referred to as the modern- day environmental Magna Carta. NEPA regulations require agencies to 
supplement already-issued environ-mental impact statements when sig-nificant new circumstances or informa-tion is found to exist relating to the environmental impact of a project. The pending Keystone bill, however—and quite surprisingly—would deem the final environmental impact statement issued last January to fully satisfy this NEPA requirement going ahead. This would remove the obligation from per-mitting agencies to supplement any en-vironmental impact statements if sig-nificant new circumstances or informa-tion is discovered. 
This amendment I am putting for-
ward, No. 155, would change that and would preserve a commonsense obliga-tion of agencies to supplement the en-vironmental impact statement for sig-nificant new circumstances or informa-tion. In other words, if very pertinent information comes forward, it would require there be a need to supplement the environmental impact statement. 
For example, if the proposed route of 
the pipeline were changed, it could mean that drinking water supplies or critical resources would have a higher risk of contamination from a spill. This amendment would simply require consideration of significant changes so we don’t go blindly and put natural re-sources at greater risk without under-standing the impact. 
This bill is for me common sense. It 
says, basically, if circumstances change, we should make sure a new en-vironmental impact study is consid-ered. 
I would ask my colleagues to support 
this amendment and not provide spe-cial treatment to a foreign company that American companies don’t get that could result in harm to fellow Americans. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
AMENDMENT NO . 102 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I come to 
the floor today to pledge my over-whelming support to Senator T
ILLIS on 
the Outer Continental Shelf amend-ment that has been placed on the Key-stone bill, and I think it is apparent with the direction the administration is going that they finally realize this is the right thing, but I think codifying that into this bill is important. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
I also come today because many of 
my colleagues in this body support the Land and Water Conservation Fund. Just to remind some who might not have been here as long, the Land and Water Conservation Fund was created and funded by royalties off of this ex-ploration explosion we have had over decades in this country. 
I might say a disappointment to me 
is that over the life of this trust fund we created, it never received the appro-priations that it accrued in a balance. It accrues a certain amount off of roy-alties and it was directed in statute that money goes to fund the Land and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S526 January 27, 2015 
Water Conservation Fund. Let me say 
to my colleagues, this is the best orga-nization to choose where to make that investment. This is not about a land grab; this is about providing contig-uous pieces of land that have restored value. But this is not about initiatives to create new national parks. It is to protect the infrastructure that is out there in their control, and we have bat-tled for years. 
I would love to come to the floor 
right now and say I want to offer an amendment for full funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which should be $900 million a year, but we appropriate $350 million to $450 million a year to fund it. 
Unfortunately I am not here to offer 
that amendment, although I think it would receive tremendous support in this body, primarily because I would have to find about $8 billion worth of offsets. This is incredible, that we could have a trust fund that is funded with the royalties off of production that has an $8 billion balance but to ac-tually say if we are going to begin to fully fund it, you have to come up with $8 billion worth of offsets because we spent the money on something else. We spent the money on something else, therefore we have got to find an offset. 
So I am not coming to the floor 
today to propose we fully fund it, al-though I am an advocate of it, and I think many people are. 
In a minute I will ask unanimous 
consent to have amendment No. 92 pending, which is the Burr-Bennet- Ayotte amendment. It is to perma-nently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
I am sure the President is aware that 
the program expires the end of Sep-tember, and we can wait, but I don’t think we should wait to reauthorize what I believe is, dollar for dollar, the most effective government program we have. We can save any kind of funding- level fights for another day. The simple truth is this program is a trust fund that is codified in law. So we are not debating whether this exists or doesn’t exist. It does exist and every year $900 million in royalties are paid by energy companies that drill for gas or oil in the Outer Continental Shelf and are put into this fund, but for some reason, that group, that conservation effort, only finds what the appropriators are willing to pass on to it. 
Our amendment would reauthorize 
the program itself on a permanent basis, and I am going to ask all of my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment to call up amendment No. 92. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. 
BURR] for himself, Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. B EN-
NET, proposes an amendment numbered 92 to 
amendment No. 2. Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To permanently reauthorize the 
Land and Water Conservation Fund) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. PERMANENT REAUTHORIZATION OF 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 200302 of title 54, 
United States Code, is amended — 
(1) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘During the period ending September 30, 2015, there’’ and inserting ‘‘There’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking 
‘‘through September 30, 2015’’. 
(b) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—Section 200306 of title 
54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—Not less than 1.5 per-
cent of amounts made available for expendi-ture in any fiscal year under section 200303 shall be used for projects that secure rec-reational public access to existing Federal public land for hunting, fishing, and other recreational purposes.’’. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I have spo-
ken very briefly on this reauthoriza-tion because it is a very simple meas-ure. I urge my colleagues, because it is now pending, when we have an oppor-tunity to vote, and I think that will be sooner rather than later on a whole host of amendments, that you take the opportunity to permanently reauthor-ize a program that is clearly one that benefits this country and our National Treasury. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
AMENDMENT NO . 115 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment so that I can call up my amendment No. 115. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. C OONS ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 115 to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. COONS. I ask unanimous consent 
that reading of the amendment be dis-pensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To express the sense of Congress 
regarding climate change and infrastructure) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING CLI-
MATE CHANGE AND INFRASTRUC-TURE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) climate change is already impacting the 
safety and reliability of the critical infra-structure systems of the United States, in-cluding buildings, roads, bridges, tunnels, rail, ports, airports, levees, dams, and mili-tary installations through sea level rise, ris-ing temperatures, and more frequent and in-tense extreme weather events such as droughts, floods, wildfires, and heat waves; (2) significant energy, industrial and trans-
portation infrastructure in the United States is located near the coast, in floodplains, or in other areas vulnerable to sea level rise; 
(3) the impacts to infrastructure described 
in paragraph (1) have caused tangible eco-nomic costs that are likely to increase over time; 
(4) it is fiscally prudent to prepare for and 
seek to mitigate the impacts described in paragraph (1), as it is estimated that every dollar spent on mitigation saves $4 in dis-aster relief; 
(5) the Federal Government self-insures, 
offers insurance programs such as crop insur-ance and the national flood insurance pro-gram, and, in the case of extreme weather events, also serves as the insurer of last re-sort for public and private infrastructure; 
(6) the Federal Government has a crucial 
role to play as a partner in working with State, local, tribal, and territorial jurisdic-tions to help ensure coordinated efforts to keep communities resilient; 
(7) the role of the Federal Government 
should include prioritizing climate resilient projects when administering Federal grants, providing technical support, and sharing of data and information in user-friendly and ac-cessible formats, among other actions; 
(8) Federal agency climate change adapta-
tion plans that assess the risk to physical as-sets and missions of the Federal agencies can help create savings for taxpayers; and 
(9) Federal agencies, including the Depart-
ment of Defense, should quantify the eco-nomic value of the physical risks of the agencies from climate change. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, this 
amendment recognizes that climate change is not a hoax, that climate change is a reality, and that we need to do some things together to begin to plan for and prepare for the inevitable consequences and impacts on our infra-structure. 
As someone who was in local govern-
ment for a long time before coming to this body—I was a county executive—I have a sense of what it means for our States, our municipalities, and our county governments to have to plan for and deal with the inevitable con-sequence, the impacts on our local in-frastructure of the coming changes through climate change. 
I happen to represent the lowest 
mean elevation State in America, and our Governor Jack Markell and his able folks in the Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environ-mental Control have led a grassroots statewide effort to begin planning for the future impacts of climate change. Because of the combination of subsid-ence and sea level rise, Delaware will see earlier than many States impacts on vital local infrastructure. So wheth-er it is our sewer systems, our roads, our water systems or other infrastruc-ture, we need to begin to plan now to bake resiliency into the future of our community. 
Given the unique and important role 
that the Federal Government plays in financing infrastructure and in re-sponding to disasters such as Superstorm Sandy that destroyed a lot of the infrastructure in the nearby States of New Jersey, New York, and Connecticut, we need to be mindful of what these costs could be. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S527 January 27, 2015 
The U.S. Department of Defense is al-
ready preparing plans to understand how climate change will impact its in-frastructure. My thinking is that the entire Federal Government should make responsible, timely, and thought-ful plans to assess and to prepare for prudent mitigation of the future im-pacts of climate change on our infra-structure. So I am hopeful that this will be among the many amendments that will be taken up, debated, dis-cussed, and passed in the coming hours and days. 
I am grateful that we continue to 
have an open amendment process and the opportunity to discuss and debate the issues in front of us, and I very much look forward to passage of Coons amendment No. 115. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, two 
Senators from Delaware, back to back—a double shot. 
AMENDMENT NO . 120 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to set aside the pending amend-ment in order to call up my amend-ment No. 120. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Delaware [Mr. C ARPER ], 
for himself, Mr. D ONNELLY , and Ms. 
HEITKAMP , proposes an amendment num-
bered 120 to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to extend the credits for new qualified fuel cell motor vehicles and alter-native fuel vehicle refueling property) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 3. EXTENSION OF CREDIT FOR NEW QUALI-
FIED FUEL CELL MOTOR VEHICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 
30B(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to property purchased after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 4. EXTENSION OF CREDIT FOR ALTER-
NATIVE FUEL VEHICLE REFUELING PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (g) of section 
30C, as amended by the Tax Increase Preven-tion Act of 2014, is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2014. 
SEC. 5. OFFSET. 
(a) 100 P ERCENT CONTINUOUS LEVY ON PAY-
MENT TO MEDICARE PROVIDERS AND SUP-
PLIERS .—Paragraph (3) of section 6331(h) is 
amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, or to a Medicare provider or supplier under title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall apply to payments made on or after the date which is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate this opportunity today. 
My colleague from Delaware, Senator 
COONS , knows that Delaware, until 4 
years ago, developed and built more cars, trucks, and vans per capita than any other State in America. We lost within literally 6 months a GM plant that employed thousands of employees and a Chrysler plant that employed thousands of people. Those companies went into bankruptcy. 
For a number of years before that 
and since then, I have gone every year in January to the North American auto show in Detroit. I remember being there half a dozen or so years ago and walking through the demonstrations— they call them the stands—where the auto companies, whether they happen to be domestic, Ford, Chrysler, GM, or companies from Europe or Asia, had on display their vehicles, in some cases the vehicles they were introducing that year for the next buying year, and in some cases concept cars that may never be built but are just interesting, exciting new technologies that are rep-resented in those vehicles. 
I have never forgotten about a half 
dozen years ago walking through this enormous cavernous auto show and coming across what they call the stand where a number of the Honda vehicles were being displayed. One of them was in a makeshift garage. I thought that was interesting. You don’t see make-shift garages in the Detroit auto show. 
I asked the Honda people, what is 
this about? They said, imagine a vehi-cle that is in a garage alongside a house. The technology in this vehicle will actually provide for the propulsion of that vehicle, propel the vehicle, and the fuel this vehicle uses will also cool the house next to this garage in the summer and warm and heat this house in the winter. I said, you are kidding. I said, what kind of technology is this? He said, this is fuel cells. I said, no kid-ding. Are you really serious about this? He said, yes, we are. 
As it turns out, a few years after 
that, I was back in Delaware at Dover Downs. A lot of people think of Dover Downs now because we have musical festivals. Firefly was there, and we had 80,000 people there. We also have 80,000 people show up for a couple of Sundays every year for the auto show. 
A couple of years ago, I was at Dover 
Downs, and I had a chance to drive around the Monster Mile when no other cars were racing. I drove a GM minivan. The thing that was unique about the GM minivan was how much it cost. I have a Chrysler Town & Coun-try minivan that has about 386,000 miles on it. The vehicle I drove that day had less than 1,000 miles on it, and it was powered by fuel cells. 
I said to the guy I was driving with, 
how much does this vehicle cost if I wreck it? He said, probably $1 million. I said, I better be careful. And right 
about then somebody came out of the infield and drove right in front of me and scared the guy next to me to death. I was able to avoid a crash. 
GM, Chrysler, and Ford have put a 
lot of money into fuel cell vehicles. One of the people who helped to run GM for a number of years, a fellow named Tom Davis, a longtime friend, when he stepped down from GM several years ago ran the part of the company that dealt with light trucks and SUVs. Almost half of their revenue was gen-erated from those sources. 
Earlier this month he and I talked 
about the future of the auto industry and GM in particular. I said, what do you think the future is for providing propulsion for cars? Is it like the hy-brid electric? He said, no, it is not. I said, is it like the diesel electric? He said, no, it is not. I said, is it pure elec-tric? He said, no, it is not. I have said for years that the future is fuel cells. I said, no kidding. That is just like I saw at the auto show years ago and just like the fuel-cell powered minivan I drove at Dover Downs a couple of years after that. He said, that is the future. 
It turns out in Japan they have a 
word that actually means future that they use to describe this technology, and it is called ‘‘mirai.’’ Honda and Toyota are betting a little bit of their money—actually quite a bit—just as some of our domestic auto companies are betting some money of their own. 
The great thing about this tech-
nology is that it reduces the consump-tion of oil. We are still the leading con-sumer of oil in the world. A lot of our oil is from foreign sources, and some of it is unstable. I think some of the countries use our money to harm us. This technology has the ability to re-duce our dependence on that foreign oil from unstable countries. It has the ability to further clean our air and to offer a great driving experience. I per-sonally experienced it myself all those many years ago in Dover Downs on the Monster Mile. 
What I want do today is call up an 
amendment that will help us to seize the day and to take this technology, which is ready now, to be made com-mercial and to be introduced on both coasts and across the country in order to provide fuel cell vehicles and to help give it a little push, if you will, through the Tax Code to encourage them to be purchased by our con-sumers. 
There are actually two parts to my 
amendment. One of those is to provide a $4,000-a-year tax credit for alter-native fuel vehicles. In this case I am talking about fuel cells, but it could be electric, and it could be others as well. 
The second half of the amendment is 
to provide the infrastructure. We have heard about fueling stations. Well, these would be infrastructures that would include fueling stations for fuel- cell-powered vehicles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S528 January 27, 2015 
It is a two-fold amendment. It re-
duces our dependence on foreign oil, es-pecially from unstable sources. It pro-vides for new investment and for cre-ation of jobs for that new investment. It is something that would help con-sumers, it would help our domestic auto industry, and it would enable us to compete with the rest of the world. 
There are two parts to this amend-
ment—a tax credit of about $4,000 for each vehicle for 5 years, and then an investment tax credit of 30 percent to enable us to build the fueling stations. We have gas and diesel stations all across the country. We need alter-native fueling stations, if you will, for these alternative vehicles if they are to realize their potential and we are to re-alize ours. 
Later in the week, I will ask to have 
the opportunity to offer this amend-ment, and I ask that my colleagues keep these arguments in mind, and if they see fit, to support this amend-ment. I hope they will. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and I 
yield the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 133 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up amendment No. 133. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from North Dakota [Ms. 
HEITKAMP ], for herself, Mr. D ONNELLY , and 
Mr. C OONS , proposes an amendment num-
bered 133 to amendment No. 2. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. I ask unanimous 
consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To express the sense of Congress 
that the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 should be amended to extend the credit with respect to facilities producing energy from certain renewable resources) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING 5- 
YEAR EXTENSION OF CREDITS WITH RESPECT TO FACILITIES PRO-DUCING ENERGY FROM CERTAIN RE-NEWABLE RESOURCES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the energy policy of the United States 
is based on an all-of-the-above approach to production sources; 
(2) an all-of-the-above approach reduces de-
pendence on foreign oil, increases national security and creates jobs; 
(3) smart investments in renewable re-
sources are critical to increase the energy independence of the United States, reduce emissions, and create jobs; 
(4) wind energy is a critical component of 
an all-of-the-above energy policy and has a proven track record of creating jobs, reduc-ing emissions, and provides an alternative and compatible energy resource to the exist-ing generation infrastructure of the United States; 
(5) the wind energy industry and utilities 
require long-term certainty regarding the Production Tax Credit for project planning 
in order to continue build out of this valu-able natural resource; and 
(6) the stop-start unpredictability of short- 
term Production Tax Credit extensions should be avoided, as short-term extensions have disrupted the wind industry, slowing the ability of the wind industry to cut costs, as compared to what would have occurred with a long-term, predictable policy in place. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) section 45(d) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 should be amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’ in— 
(A) paragraph (1); (B) paragraph (2)(A); (C) paragraph (3)(A); (D) paragraph (4)(B); (E) paragraph (6); (F) paragraph (7); (G) paragraph (9); and (H) paragraph (11)(B); (2) clause (ii) of section 48(a)(5)(C) should 
be amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’; and 
(3) the amendments that would be made by 
paragraphs (1) and (2) should take effect on January 1, 2015. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Keystone has been 
described two ways down here, an en-ergy bill and a jobs bill—economic de-velopment offering economic oppor-tunity. I don’t think there could be an amendment that is offered that would fit more both slots of the description of the Keystone bill than the amendment that I am proposing, amendment No. 133. 
This is a bipartisan proposal that has 
always been supported by both sides of the aisle, and quite honestly, it has tremendous support across the country from the American people. Quite sim-ply what the amendment does is to pro-vide that it is the sense of the Senate that we should extend the production tax credits for the next 5 years to give certainty to alternative energy compa-nies, particularly to wind energy com-panies. It would basically lay down the marker that this is an important part of our energy and jobs future. Impor-tantly, as we have watched the ups and downs of our tax policy, or lack there-of, in the Senate and Congress, we have seen short-term extensions—or as we call them, extenders—being passed in the last moments of Congress, which does not give the certainty we need to provide the incentives that are in-cluded in those extenders. 
This sense of the Senate—to the ex-
tent it becomes legislation—would, in fact, for the first time give us an op-portunity to provide certainty with a glidepath out, and everyone under-stands that eventually this industry is going to have to stand alone. 
I wish to talk about the importance 
of the wind energy industry, not just from the energy standpoint but from the jobs standpoint. Today the wind energy industry sustains approxi-mately 73,000 jobs and directs over $17.3 billion a year in private investment to the U.S. economy, including thousands of well-paid wind manufacturing jobs at over 500 factories in 43 States that supply the United States industry. The United States currently has over 
60,000 megawatts of installed capacity, and according to the American Wind Energy Association and USDA’s En-ergy Information Administration, the United States produced over 167 billion kilowatts of wind power last year alone. 
If my colleagues on both sides of the 
aisle are serious about this being a jobs bill and serious about this being an en-ergy bill, then they you will want to vote in favor of this amendment. Wind energy and the continued buildout of additional capacity in this country is an absolute critical piece of the ‘‘all of the above’’ energy policy. Every person in this building and every person you talk to about what their energy policy is will say all of the above. That has to have meaning, and it has to include this important and critical infrastruc-ture and this important and critical tax credit for wind energy. 
The other benefit of this amendment 
is—as you have heard, we have 43 States somehow involved in the manu-facture and production of equipment in this industry, but we have over 1,000 utility-scale wind projects, which rep-resent over 62,000 megawatts and over 46 wind turbines and are installed across 39 States and Puerto Rico. There are also more than 500 wind manufacturing facilities spread across those 43 States. 
I am a little bias because we in North 
Dakota like to say we are the Saudi Arabia of wind, and wind is a critical part—in fact 15 percent—of our capac-ity. We think we could do a lot more, but I will tell you the economic impact just in my State. A lot of you know the great energy renaissance that is going on in America that involves the devel-opment of fossil fuels—North Dakota being the second largest oil and gas producer with the shale development. 
What you don’t know is that North 
Dakota truly represents all of the above. I want to talk about what we do in wind before I close out here. We have almost 1,600 megawatts of wind capac-ity installed and another 740 megawatts under construction. The in-dustry has invested over $3.4 billion in my State with annual lease pay-ments—and these are to farmers who are grateful for that additional rev-enue. The towers are on their property and over $5 million of lease payments goes back to farmers. 
I talked to farmers all across North 
Dakota who are proud that they are part of the energy renaissance in our State and grateful for the additional revenue. 
We have two educational institutions 
in our State that have wind energy training centers and do tremendous jobs training the workforce for addi-tional wind energy. The wind energy industry supports close to 3,000 jobs in North Dakota, and in a State of around 700,000 people, that is a significant fac-tor. In 2013 wind energy was 15 percent. 
These are numbers that—I saw the 
Presiding Officer grin when I said that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S529 January 27, 2015 
North Dakota is the Saudi Arabia of 
wind because I think he is thinking that Colorado might be the Saudi Ara-bia of wind. I know that the Presiding Officer is a great supporter of wind en-ergy as well. 
But when we do these stops and 
starts, when we don’t give a constant and predictable policy, we are living hand to mouth. Maybe we are making some decisions to deploy resources in a way that meets with the congressional schedule and doesn’t meet with the business-like or orderly introduction and continuing development of this in-dustry. 
If you are looking for a germane 
amendment that addresses both jobs and energy, this is a perfect amend-ment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
AMENDMENT NO . 124 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the pending amendment be set aside so I may be able to offer my amendment, amend-ment No. 124. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
The Senator from Maryland [Mr. C ARDIN ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 124 to amendment No. 2. 
Mr. CARDIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To clarify that treaties with 
Indian tribes remain in effect) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. l. NO EFFECT ON INDIAN TREATIES. 
Nothing in this Act may change, suspend, 
supersede, or abrogate any trust obligation or treaty requirement of the United States with respect to any Indian nation, Indian tribe, individual Indian, or Indian tribal or-ganization, including the Fort Laramie Trea-ties of 1851 and 1868, without consultation with, and the informed and express consent of, the applicable Indian nation, Indian tribe, individual Indian, or Indian tribal organiza-tion as required under Executive Order 13175 (67 Fed. Reg. 67249) (November 6, 2000). 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, my 
amendment states that S. 1 may not ‘‘change, suspend, supersede, or abro-gate any trust obligation or treaty re-quirement of the United States with-out consultation with, and the in-formed express consent of, any affected Indian nation, Indian tribe, individual Indian, or Indian tribal organization.’’ 
The need for this amendment be-
comes particularly relevant because on January 11 of this year, the Great Plains Tribal Chairman’s Association wrote to President Obama to express the association’s unequivocal opposi-tion to the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
The association speaks on behalf of 
16 sovereign American Indian tribes and asserts that the pipeline violates 
the Fort Laramie Treaties of 1851 and 1868. 
I am not taking a legal position on 
whether the assertion is correct. Rath-er, I think it is important that the Senate go on record that our trust obli-gations and treaty requirements, which are with sovereign Nations, must be honored and that any changes to those obligations may only occur with con-sultation and their consent. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
letter dated January 11, 2015, from the Great Plains Tribal Chairman’s Asso-ciation and the Association’s resolu-tion regarding the KXL pipeline be 
printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
GREAT PLAINS TRIBAL CHAIRMAN ’S 
ASSOCIATION , 
Rapid City, SD, January 11, 2015. 
Re Veto Legislation to Approve the Key-
stone XL Pipeline and DO NOT Approve a Permit for the Pipeline. 
Hon. B
ARACK OBAMA , 
President, United States of America, Washington, DC. 
D
EARPRESIDENT OBAMA : The Great Plains 
Tribal Chairman’s Association (GPTCA) is made up of the 16 Sovereign American Indian Tribes in the States of North Dakota, South Dakota and Nebraska. All of our Tribes have signed Treaties with the United States in which the United States pledged to protect Indian Tribes, guarantee the right to Self- Government and obligated itself to under-take Trust Responsibility. The Great Plains Tribal Chairman’s Association stands in soli-darity with the First Nations of Canada and with Tribal Nations in the United States in opposing the Keystone XL pipeline. 
We are writing to alert you that Trans-
Canada Keystone Pipeline, LP (Trans-Canada) is in the midst of the recertification process of its 2010 permit from the South Da-kota Public Utilities (SDPUC) for the Key-stone XL pipeline. While we are aware the Nebraska Supreme Court issued a decision to vacate a lower court decision that held a Ne-braska statute concerning the Keystone XL pipeline unconstitutional, we write to urge you to consider the fact that TransCanada’s permit to traverse South Dakota is still under review and does not authorize con-struction of the project in South Dakota un-less and until the SD PUC grants certifi-cation. 
Four Federally Recognized Tribes have 
signed on as Party Intervenors in the SD PUC proceedings as well as numerous Native and nonnative concerned citizens. The Tribes include the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe, Rosebud Sioux Tribe and the Yankton Sioux Tribe. Other Great Plains Tribes are poised to comment and are monitoring the proceedings. The pipeline is planned to traverse through our homelands that still possess substantial treaty obligations, cultural and natural re-sources and water rights for all the Great Plains tribes. These are also the homelands of numerous animals, birds and fish includ-ing several endangered species. 
Under South Dakota law, TransCanada 
must declare that the conditions under which the permit was issued in 2010 remain the same despite submitting along with its application a matrix of 30 Changed Condi-tions. These 30 Changed Conditions show that significant design and construction changes are planned for the pipeline that make it substantially different in our eyes. The 2010 permit was also issued with 50 Spe-
cial Permit Conditions that TransCanada also must prove it still meets before it can legally commence construction of the project. While there is an evidentiary hear-ing currently set for May 2015, it is unclear when a final decision will be issued in that case. 
We therefore urge you, consistent with 
your stance on the previously pending Ne-braska litigation, to refrain from making any decision regarding whether the Keystone XL pipeline would be in the national interest until you have all the necessary facts before you. Tribal leaders request you deny the per-mit as contrary to the national interest. 
It is the position of the GPTCA that your 
administration does in fact have incon-trovertible evidence that the proposed Key-stone XL pipeline would be a detriment to the American public and the national inter-est regardless of whether the SD PUC ulti-mately authorizes construction under TransCanada’s 2010 permit due to the risks the project poses regardless of the particular route through South Dakota. The GPTCA urges you to deny the Presidential Permit 
for the reasons set forth in the attached GPTCA Resolution among others. However, should you have reservations about denying the Presidential Permit at this time, please grant South Dakota the same respect you accorded Nebraska and refrain from making your decision until after the legal processes regarding the South Dakota permit have been resolved. We strongly urge you to veto any legislation passed by Congress that man-dates the issuance of a presidential permit to TransCanada. We believe, consistent with federal separation of powers, that a decision to deny TransCanada a federal permit must be made by your Executive branch and it is not appropriate for legislation. 
We further assert that construction of any 
pipeline violates the Fort Laramie Treaties of 1851 and 1868, which impact the greater population of the Oceti Sakowin or the Seven Council Fires of the Lakota, Dakota and Nakota Tribes. We are known to many as the Great Sioux Nation and are the keep-ers of the sacred, cultural and natural re-sources located in the KXL corridor. Lit-erally, thousands of sacred and cultural re-sources that are important to our life-ways and for our future generations will poten-tially be destroyed or compromised by the pipeline construction. Many of these sacred sites have not been surveyed by outsiders less they be looted or plundered but are known to those designated by our people considered to be sacred keepers of this knowledge. The Programmatic agreement entered into for compliance with the Na-tional Historic Preservation Act acknowl-edges that construction of the pipeline would cause destruction to many sacred and cul-tural sited. 
With regards to our tribal federally re-
served water rights in the Great Plains Basin, the pollution risk via benzene and other carcinogens from the tar sands sludge spilling into the tributaries that lead into the Missouri River or leaching into the Og-lala Aquifer, should a pipeline break occur, is too great. The Missouri River is the source of drinking water for many communities along the Missouri River main-stem. The Og-lala Aquifer supplies drinking water throughout the Great Plains region. All of this development further impacts reserved rights of our Oceti Sakowin which were unceded by treaties, including the right to live in a safe manner and be in control of our human, cultural and natural resources as outlined in the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP). Consultation has not occurred in a manner that recognizes free, prior and in-formed consent for the construction of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S530 January 27, 2015 
pipeline. We believe it is our Human Right to 
live safely on our homelands with clean water and lands. 
Very importantly, the KXL Pipeline and 
the continued development of the Alberta tar sands will increase the carbon footprint in our sacred lands for the enrichment of for-eign countries and oil companies. As you know, climate change will impact and affect all of us including the generations to come unless we do something to stop it now. The Oceti Sakowin tribes are making important strides toward renewable energy with the Oceti Sakowin Power Project (OSPP) that recognizes fossil fuels are relics that con-tribute to phenomenal climate change. The OSPP leaders met with the White House rep-resentatives in our effort to turn the tide 
against globing warming through solar and wind development on our lands. We do not have to be held prisoners of fossil fuels but can create stories of redemption for Mother Earth through exciting renewals develop-ment, not in the future but now. 
Because of the dire concerns outlined 
above, we request an emergency meeting with Department of Interior Secretary Sally Jewell, who as our Trustee, has a responsi-bility to hear directly from tribal leaders in a government-to-government meeting. We are prepared to put forth our concerns for in-clusion in the forthcoming Final Environ-mental Impact Statement (FEIS) regarding the impacts the Keystone XL pipeline may have on Tribal homelands as well as our sa-cred sites, cultural resources, natural re-sources and water rights protected by treaty and other agreements. 
The Executive Director of the GPTCA, Ms. 
Gay Kingman-Wapato, is the contact for the GPTCA and is empowered to work with your administration staff to coordinate a meeting at Secretary Jewell’s earliest convenience. She can be reached at Cell: 605–484–3036 or e- mail, Kingmanwapato@rushmore.com 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNSTEELE , 
Chairman. 
RESOLUTION NO. 30–9–28–11 
GREAT PLAINS TRIBAL CHAIRMAN ’S ASSOCIATION  
(GPTCA)  
Opposition to Keystone XL (‘‘Keystone II’’) 
Pipeline now being considered for authoriza-tion by the United States Department of State, on the basis that construction of such pipeline is not in the national interests of the United States 
Whereas, The Great Plains Tribal Chair-
man’s Association (GPTCA) is composed of the elected Chairs and Presidents of the 16 Sovereign Indian Tribes and Nations recog-nized by Treaties with the United States that are within the Great Plains Region of the Bureau of Indian Affairs; and 
Whereas, The Great Plains Tribal Chair-
man’s Association was formed to promote the common interests of the Sovereign Tribes and Nations and their members of the Great Plains Region which comprises the states of North Dakota, South Dakota, Ne-braska; and 
Whereas, The United States has obligated 
itself both through Treaties entered into with the sovereign Tribes and Nations of the Great Plains Region and through its own fed-eral statutes, the Snyder Act of 1921 as amended, the Indian Self-Determination Act of 1976 as amended, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act of 1976 as amended; and 
Whereas, Indian Tribes are governments 
that pre-date the United States, and through the Indian Commerce, Treaty and Apportion-ment Clauses and the 14th Amendment, the United States recognizes the status of Indian Tribes as sovereigns and the status of Amer-ican Indians as tribal citizens; and Whereas, In treaties, the United States 
pledged to protect Indian Tribes, guaranteed the right of Tribal self-government, and has undertaken a trust responsibility to promote the viability of Indian reservations and lands as permanent homelands for tribes; and, 
Whereas, On September 28, 2011, the Tribal 
Chairmen and the Tribal Council representa-tives from the Tribal Nations that are mem-bers of the Great Plains Tribal Chairman’s Association, have been meeting at the GPTCA/BIA/USACE Tribal Water Manage-ment Summit, discussing issues of great im-portance to the Indian Tribal Nations of the Great Plains Region and their members; and 
Whereas, a major oil transmission pipeline 
is planned to extend from northern Alberta, Canada, from areas that have sand mixed with tar and oil, called ‘‘tar sands’’, to refin-eries in the United States; and 
Whereas, the route of the pipeline, called 
Keystone II, or Keystone XL, because it is the second oil transmission pipeline to be constructed by the same company that built the first Keystone pipeline, crosses through Indian country in northern Alberta, Sas-katchewan, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota and Nebraska, near and potentially over, many culturally significant areas for Tribal Nations within those provinces and states; and 
Whereas, based on the relatively poor envi-
ronmental record of the first Keystone pipe-line, which includes numerous spills, U.S. regulators shut the pipeline down in late May, 2011, and, therefore, based on the record of the first Keystone pipeline, and other fac-tors, it is probable that further environ-mental disasters will occur in Indian country if the new pipeline is allowed to be con-structed; and 
Whereas, the First Nations of Canada, rep-
resenting the vast majority of First Nations impacted by ‘‘tar sands’’ development, have unanimously passed resolutions supporting a moratorium on new ‘‘tar sands’’ development and expansion until a ‘‘cumulative effects management system’’ is in place, and are also in opposition to the pipeline; and 
Whereas, many U.S. Tribal Nations are 
also in opposition to the Keystone XL pipe-line, including several Tribal Nations in the Great Plains, because it would threaten, among other things, the Oglala aquifer and other major water aquifers, rivers and water ways, public drinking water sources, includ-ing the Mni Wiconi Rural Water System, ag-ricultural lands, animal life, cultural sites, and other resources vital to the peoples of the region in which the pipeline is proposed to be constructed; and 
Whereas, Indian tribes including the Affili-
ated Tribes of Northwest Indians are also in opposition to the Exxon-Imperial ‘‘Heavy Haul’’ proposal to transport ‘‘tar sands’’ equipment through the Nez Perce Reserva-tion and across scenic highways, and several Indian tribes have joined in litigation to stop 
this proposal; and 
Whereas, the pipeline is unnecessary as a 
number of other pipelines are not at full ca-pacity to carry oil from Canada to refineries in the U.S., and the oil is also not likely to end up on the U.S. market but will be ex-ported to foreign countries; and 
Whereas, Tribal Nations and First Nations 
within Indian country near the route of the proposed pipeline have already stated their opposition to the proposed route of the pipe-line, and because of earlier opposition from both Tribes and environmental groups, a supplemental environmental impact state-ment has been required by the United States Environmental Protection Agency from the proposed operators of the pipeline, a draft of which is now available for public comment; and 
Whereas, since the pipeline is designed to 
cross the U.S.-Canadian border, the United States Department of State is the lead U.S. 
agency in evaluating whether the pipeline should be allowed to be constructed in the U.S.; and 
Whereas, the First Nations of Canada and 
Tribal Nations within the U.S. have a long history of working to ensure protection of their environment, and the Keystone XL pipeline poses grave dangers if it is con-structed; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Department of State is 
continuing to accept public comments until October 7, 2011, but despite the concerns of the numerous Tribal Nations and the First Nations of Canada has recently received no-tice from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency of a ‘‘Finding of No Significant Im-pact’’ from the proposed pipeline; and 
Whereas, the U.S. Department of State did 
not properly consult with the Tribes along the route of the Keystone XL Pipeline and, as a result of the mechanisms used for what consultation was provided, the affected Trib-al Nations were not provided the opportunity for ‘‘free and informed consent’’ regarding the construction of the pipeline; and 
Whereas, the GPTCA hereby urges all its 
member Tribal Nations to submit comments to the U.S. Department of State regarding the Keystone XL project as not in the tribal nor the national interest; and 
Whereas, Tribal Government Chairs and 
Presidents, Traditional Treaty Councils, and US property owners, met with the First Na-tions Chiefs of Canada, impacted by TransCanada’s proposed Keystone XL tar sands pipeline and tar sands development present at the Rosebud Sioux Tribe Emer-gency Summit, September 15–16, 2011, on the protection of Mother Earth and Treaty Ter-ritories, developed the Mother Earth Accord for sign on by all First Nations and Tribal Nations: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, that the Great Plains Tribal 
Chairman’s Association stands in solidarity with the First Nations of Canada and with Tribal Nations in the United States in oppos-ing the Keystone XL pipeline and the Exxon- Imperial Heavy Haul proposal and their neg-ative impacts on cultural sites and the envi-ronment in those portions of Indian country over and through which it is proposed to be constructed, and disagrees with the Finding of No Significant Impact issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, and agrees to file these comments regarding this opposition to the Keystone XL pipeline with the Secretary of State as soon as possible; and 
Be it further resolved that the Great 
Plains Tribal Chairman’s Association ap-proves the Mother Earth Accord among the First Nations of Canada and the Tribal Na-tions within the United States; and 
Be it further resolved that the United 
States is urged to reduce its reliance on the world’s dirtiest and most environmentally destructive form of oil—the ‘‘tar sands’’— that threatens Indian country in both Can-ada and the United States and the way of life of thousands of citizens of First Nations in Canada and American Indians in the U.S., and requests the U.S. government to take aggressive measures to work towards sus-tainable energy solutions that include clean alternative energy and improving energy ef-ficiency; and 
Be it finally resolved that the Great Plains 
Tribal Chairman’s Association requests a meeting with the Tribal Leaders and Hilary Clinton, Secretary of State, and the Admin-istration to present the Mother Earth Ac-cord and voice the concerns of the US Tribal Nations and the First Nations of Canada op-posing the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline across Treaty Lands as not in the national interest: Now, therefore be it fi-nally 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S531 January 27, 2015 
Resolved that this resolution shall be the 
policy of the Great Plains Tribal Chairman’s Association until otherwise amended or re-scinded or until the goal of this Resolution has been accomplished. 
CERTIFICATION  
This resolution was enacted at a duly 
called meeting of the Great Plains Tribal Chairman’s Association held at Rapid City, SD on September 28, 2011 at which a quorum was present, with 10 members voting in favor, 0 members opposed, 0 members ab-staining, and 6 members not present. 
Dated this 28th day of September, 2011. 
Mr. CARDIN. With that, I yield the 
floor and suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
STATE OF THE UNION ADDRESS  
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I come to 
the floor to speak about President Obama’s State of the Union Address last week. It was a speech that I be-lieve laid out a positive and forceful agenda for strengthening our middle class and for accelerating our Nation’s economic recovery. 
Over the past year, our Nation’s eco-
nomic progress has become unmistak-able and undeniable. In our home State of Delaware, more people are working. People spend much less time looking for work, and job growth has been the strongest it has been since the 1990s. 
Nationally, we are amidst the longest 
period of sustained private-sector job growth on record. Of particular inter-est to me is that our manufacturing sector has come back and come back strongly as manufacturers have cre-ated nearly 800,000 jobs in the last 4 years—jobs that make up the founda-tion of our 21st century middle class and our economy. 
Our unemployment rate has dropped 
to its lowest level since before the great recession. Our growing private sector is not just creating jobs now. They are also laying the foundation for the jobs of the future. As test scores continue to improve, high school grad-uation rates reach record highs, and, as our President said, ‘‘More Americans finish college than ever before,’’ we are laying a path that ensures that future generations of Americans can thrive as well. 
But our work remains unfinished. Al-
though we are right to turn the page on the crisis here at home, crises do re-main real in the lives of far too many Americans—families I listen to who are struggling to get into and stay in our middle class. For many in the middle class, wages have remained stubbornly stagnant as incomes for the wealthy have continued to grow. At the same 
time, too many Americans just stopped looking for work altogether during the recession and haven’t begun that job search again. So we have a lot of work to do together to ensure that the mid-dle class experiences the benefits of this recovery. 
On that note, I appreciated President 
Obama’s call for an agenda that would do a lot to strengthen our middle class. Although this isn’t what we will hear about on the news, many of these ideas should enjoy bipartisan support. I wish to spend a few minutes on some of the areas that I think are ripe for bipar-tisan cooperation and that would go a long way toward actually helping mid-dle-class families and our Nation as a whole. 
First, it is no secret to anyone that 
our country’s infrastructure is badly outdated and in need of repair. From our ports and roads, to our bridges and railways, we have steadily racked up a national debt of investment that we will need to pay for. The only question is when and how we do it. Historically, infrastructure—fixing roads and bridges and ports and railways—has not been a partisan issue. It is some-thing that has been a core value of our Federal Government from its very founding. It is in no small part what the Federal Government was created to help do. 
Last Tuesday the President laid out 
ideas for thinking more creatively about how to make these core invest-ments—from improving efficiency to bringing private capital off the side-lines—and I am encouraged to hear Re-publican colleagues discussing infra-structure as an initiative they can work on with us. So let’s get this done. Let’s solve our highway trust fund challenges for good and make the long- term investments that will put people back to work and strengthen our Na-tion’s economic backbone. 
Second, the President’s proposal to 
expand access to community colleges is an initiative that I hope will spark a broader discussion about how to make higher education more accessible and more affordable. I understand there is real disagreement here about how best to pay for it or how wide its scope should be, but that is what we can and should work on together. 
We all know that higher education is 
necessary to ensure Americans have the skills they will need in the 21st century. We know community colleges can and should play a central role in achieving that mission. In manufac-turing in particular, community col-leges such as Delaware Tech in my home State play a central role in partnering with local businesses to cre-ate a talent pipeline that sustains a community and its economy. In Dela-ware the SEED and Inspire scholar-ships give students who are willing to work hard the chance to go to college and to learn the skills that will help them to contribute to Delaware’s econ-omy after they finish school. We can replicate Delaware’s example across 
the country and find ways to work to-gether to make community college and further higher education affordable and accessible. So let’s work on this to-gether. 
Lastly, the President laid out some 
commonsense tax and work proposals to help give middle-class families more of a realistic leg up. Expanding the tax credits for families with children and streamlining childcare support makes sense to me. Making it easier for mid-dle-class families to save for their kids’ college education and to save for re-tirement at the same time would go a long way toward helping families to plan for the long term. 
Around the country, too many of our 
work places lack family and medical leave policies that appreciate what it really takes to raise a family and live a healthy life. The President’s proposal to work with States to improve their policies would be a great step and would help those communities that choose to, to create policies that suit their own local situations. 
Let’s work together on these ideas. 
Let’s do something for middle-class families in our country. With a Repub-lican Congress and a Democratic White House, we need to come together if we are going to get anything meaningful done. As President Obama made clear, we have a lot of important and difficult work to do. Our economy has come a long way from the great recession, but there is still work to do to strengthen our middle class. There is still work to do to broaden the opportunity that has always been at the heart of the Amer-ican dream. We can move forward to-gether, and it is my sincere hope that we will rise to that occasion, that we will seize this opportunity and do the critical work of building and sus-taining our vital middle class. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up on be-half of Senator Gillibrand amendment No. 48. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Washington [Ms. C ANT-
WELL ], for Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , proposes an 
amendment numbered 48 to amendment No. 2. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To modify the definition of 
underground injection) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S532 January 27, 2015 
SEC. ll. DEFINITION OF UNDERGROUND INJEC-
TION. 
Section 1421(d)(1) of the Safe Drinking 
Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300h(d)(1)) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) includes the underground injection of 
natural gas for purposes of storage.’’. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, this 
amendment amends the Safe Drinking Water Act to protect clean drinking water sources from hydraulic frac-turing, commonly known as fracking, and from underground storage of nat-ural gas. 
The Safe Drinking Water Act cur-
rently exempts underground injection of fracking fluids and underground storage of natural gas from regulation under the act. The Gillibrand amend-ment repeals those exemptions and makes underground injection of fracking fluids and underground stor-age of natural gas subject to those reg-ulations. 
I know my colleague from New York 
has been on the floor many times—ac-tually three times, I think—at various times during this debate trying to offer this amendment. I am offering it on her behalf tonight. I am sure she will be looking for time to come and discuss it further. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. President, at this time I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up amendment No. 55 on behalf of Senator P
ETERS . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Washington, [Ms. C ANT-
WELL ], for Mr. P ETERS , for himself and Ms. 
STABENOW , proposes an amendment num-
bered 55 to amendment No. 2. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require a study of the potential 
environmental impact of by-products of the Keystone XL pipeline) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. STUDY OF BY-PRODUCT ENVIRON-
MENTAL IMPACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency shall complete and make pub-licly available on the Internet a study as-sessing the potential environmental impact of by-products generated from the refining of oil transported through the pipeline referred to in section (2)(a), including petroleum coke. 
(b) R
EPORT .—On completion of the study 
required under subsection (a), the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study, including a sum-mary of best practices for the transpor-tation, storage, and handling of petroleum coke. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, the 
Peters amendment No. 55 would require the EPA to complete a study on the en-
vironmental impacts of petcoke. My colleague has been here on the floor speaking on the tar sands issue in gen-eral because Kalamazoo had one of the worst tar sands oilspills in the Nation’s history. He has been on the floor talk-ing about the things we need to do to protect people not just in the State of Michigan but throughout the United States. 
One of the aftermath effects of this 
issue is also petcoke, which my col-league from Illinois has been speaking to on the floor. This is a very big issue for midwest Senators who have an amount of petcoke in their commu-nities and want to see the proper envi-ronmental treatment of it. 
I am sure Senator P
ETERS will be 
back to the floor to speak in more de-tail on amendment No. 55, but I offer it on his behalf. 
I see the Senator from New Jersey, 
and I think he is here to speak on an-other matter, but I will yield the floor at this time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE LIBERATION OF  
AUSCHWITZ  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
thank the distinguished ranking mem-ber of the energy committee for yield-ing me some time this evening. I am not here for the purposes of legislation we have been debating; I am here to take time on the Senate floor on an oc-casion that I think is incredibly impor-tant to recollect, to commemorate, and to talk about. 
Seventy years ago today a Soviet sol-
dier, Ivan Martynushkin, arrived with his unit at the death camp at Ausch-witz, and he said in an interview that he was instantly struck by the silence, the smell of ashes, and the emptiness. But as they entered the gates, Ivan and his unit were unaware of the atrocities, the war crimes that were to come to light over time. 
Today I rise in memory of the 1.1 
million persons who perished there, 90 percent of them Jews. I rise in recogni-tion of 1.1 million lost dreams, lost hopes, the lost wisdom of 1.1 million that will never be shared, never be known, and the lost potential of a gen-eration that perished in that camp be-tween 1940 and 1945. 
Ivan Martynushkin and his unit en-
tered the camp thinking there would be a Nazi ambush, and then they noticed people behind barbed wire. ‘‘It was hard to watch them,’’ he said. ‘‘I remember their faces, especially their eyes, which betrayed their ordeal.’’ Ivan didn’t know that the Nazis had evacuated an-other 58,000 prisoners 10 days earlier or the 6 million who were killed in camps across Europe. 
He stood witness that day to the ulti-
mate manifestation of man’s inhu-manity to their fellow man—7,000 pris-oners left behind, 600 corpses born of hatred, intolerance, prejudice, bigotry, and a seething anti-Semitism that is again rearing its ugly head in Europe, the Middle East, and around the world. There has been an alarming increase 
in anti-Semitic attacks and incidents in Europe that remain a challenge not only to stability and to security but to our shared morality, our mutually eth-ical core as human beings. Just two weeks ago, on January 9, 2015, four members of France’s Jewish commu-nity were murdered during a hostage crisis at Hyper Cacher—a kosher super-market—following the deadly terrorist attack on the Paris offices of the news-paper Charlie Hebdo. 
The European Union Agency for Fun-
damental Rights issued a 2013 report on anti-Semitism in France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Belgium, Swe-den, and the United Kingdom, where 90 percent of Europe’s Jews reside, in which three-quarters of respondents said that anti-Semitism had worsened 
over the past 5 years where they lived. 
In France, home to Europe’s largest 
Jewish population, it has been reported that the number of French Jews immi-grating to Israel in 2014 had doubled compared to 2013. And for the first time ever, more Jews moved to Israel from France than any other country in the world. 
Anti-Semitic acts in European coun-
tries in 2014 included violent attacks, death threats, and the desecration of Jewish homes, commercial property, cemeteries, and places of worship. On May 24, 2014, a gunman opened fire at the Jewish Museum of Belgium in Brussels, Belgium, and killed four peo-ple. On July 29, Molotov cocktails were thrown at the synagogue in Wuppertal, Germany, which had been burned to the ground by the Nazis during the 1938 Kristallnacht and had only been rebuilt in 2002. 
We have all been shocked by the re-
cent disturbingly stereotypical anti- Semitic utterances of President Erdogan of Turkey and those around him. He said in February of 2013, ‘‘Today the image of the Jews is no dif-ferent from that of the Nazis.’’ Speak-ing at a campaign rally in the Black Sea province of Ordu, he said the ‘‘ter-rorist State Israel has attacked Gaza once again, hitting innocent children who were playing on a beach,’’ and the crowd chanted ‘‘Down the Israel.’’ Erdogan said, ‘‘The world’s media is under the influence of Israel.’’ He said, ‘‘Wherever Jews settle, they make money.’’ He claimed during the 2013 Gezi Park protests that the Europeans and what he stereotypically referred to as the ‘‘interest-rate lobby’’ were back-ing the antigovernment campaign, with the ultimate goal of dividing Tur-key from within. 
A Turkish writer aligned with Presi-
dent Erdogan called for Turkish Jews to be taxed to pay for Gaza reconstruc-tion. He said: 
The reconstruction of Gaza will be paid for 
by Jewish businessmen. 
He went on to say: 
The penalty for failing to pay the tax 
should be the revocation of the Jew’s busi-ness license and the seizure of his property. 
This is the kind of anti-Semitism we 
hear in Turkey today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S533 January 27, 2015 
Around the world, the numbers are 
shocking. Based on the global survey, the ADL concluded that 1.09 billion people harbor anti-Semitic attitudes. Thirty-five percent never heard of the Holocaust. 
If the world does not stand together 
in never forgetting and if our schools, teachers, parents, and communities do not join together in the fundamental principle of never forgetting, how can we prevent this from ever happening again? How can we work together to confront the anti-Semitism that en-ables hatred, violence, murder, and genocide around the world? 
We can only ask what tomorrow 
might bring. We cannot know what the future will hold, but we have learned from the past. What we remember today—70 years after the liberation of Auschwitz—is that the United States and the American people will always stand shoulder to shoulder with the Israeli people and Jewish communities across the world in ensuring never again. This means confronting modern- day anti-Semitism, whether from the world’s leaders, from ivory tower aca-demics, or from economic belligerence pushing the boycott, divestment, and sanctions movement. We must fight back against any and all efforts to delegitimize the Israeli State, the Jew-ish people, and the Jewish religion. 
As I have said many times, on many 
occasions, the Holocaust was the most sinister possible reminder that the Jewish population in exile has lived under constant threat. It is the defini-tive reminder that anti-Semitism can appear anywhere, and its horrors gal-vanized international support for the State of Israel. 
But let’s be very clear. While the 
Shoah has a central role in Israel’s identity, it is not and never has been the reason behind Israel’s founding, and it is not the main justification for its existence. The extreme character-ization of this mistaken view is that Western powers established Israel in 1948 based on their own guilt, at the ex-pense of the peoples who already lived there, and therefore the current state is illegitimate and, according to reli-gious clerics such as Supreme Leader Khamenei, who retains his own aspira-tions for regional hegemony, should be wiped off the face of the map. 
This flawed argument is not only in 
defiance of basic human dignity but in plain defiance of history, in defiance of what we remember today. It is in defi-ance of ancient history, as told in bib-lical texts and through archeological evidence. It ignores the history of the last several centuries, and it stands in stark contrast to what we remember today. Several thousand years of his-tory lead to an undeniable conclusion: The reestablishment of the State of Israel in modern times is a political re-ality with roots going back to the time of Abraham and Sarah. 
At the end of the day, the argument 
for Israel’s legitimacy does not depend on what we say in speeches and what we say on an occasion like this. It has 
been made by the hard reality of his-tory. It has been made by the men and women who made the desert green, by Nobel Prizes earned, by groundbreaking innovations and envi-able institutions, by lives saved, de-mocracy defended, peace made, and battles won. 
There can be no denying the Jewish 
people’s legitimate right to live in peace and security in a homeland to which they have had a connection for thousands of years. And there can be no denying the suffering, the senseless slaughter of a generation, and all that the world realized we had lost when Ivan Martynushkin and his unit walked through those gates and liber-ated Auschwitz-Birkenau, a reminder for all times of the racism and hatred from the most devastating genocide in human history. 
As we commemorate the victims of 
the Holocaust, let us never forget. But let us be very clear as we look around the world today that the struggle is not over. Combating anti-Semitism is not only a Jewish issue of the past, it is a matter of basic civil and human rights today, now, in the present. 
Like those Russian soldiers 70 years 
ago, I have personally stood at the gates of Auschwitz-Birkenau. I felt the 
impact, the horror, the silence, the emptiness, and I felt the lives lost. It is a moving experience that should com-pel all of us to collectively reflect on how we must transform the lessons we should have learned into concrete acts to prevent history from repeating itself. 
Now is the time to renew the vow 
‘‘never again’’ with even greater re-solve. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I ask unanimous 
consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. I ask unanimous 
consent to speak as in morning busi-ness 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
EXECUTIVE ACTION  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, we 
Americans are so fortunate to enjoy the blessings of liberty. We protect our rights as individuals, and we have a legal system that demands that gov-ernment officials respect those rights and respect the law. 
Historically some nations have lost 
their freedoms in revolutions. In others a leader gradually undermined the rule of law. Once the rule of law is disman-tled, the road to dictatorship is easily traveled. 
In a country under the rule of law, 
government officials are bound by that law. When the Framers wrote our Con-
stitution, they feared that the Federal Government might grow too strong. They divided and limited the powers among three branches. They made sure to preserve State power to serve as a check on the Federal power, and they also provided that where the Federal Government had the authority to make uniform laws, contrary State laws gave way. 
To make sure everyone would be sub-
ject to the law, they entrusted the President with the duty to ‘‘take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.’’ 
President Obama has repeatedly 
failed to take care that the laws be faithfully executed. He has repeatedly violated the Constitution. His adminis-tration has not conformed its conduct to law. 
His administration therefore has un-
dermined the rule of law. Often pat-terns repeat. The President proposes legislation that the American people do not want, so the Congress naturally refuses to enact it. 
The President then decides that he 
will take Executive action as if Con-gress had enacted that law. Another pattern is he claims the authority to take various actions but fails to produce an opinion from the Depart-ment of Justice that coherently sup-ports his authority. That creates a ter-rible lack of accountability. 
We have also seen the President pick 
and choose which laws he will enforce, claiming that the ability to make indi-vidual enforcement decisions extends to failing to enforce the laws in mil-lions of instances, and the President has simply failed to take notice when the Supreme Court has ruled he has ex-ceeded his powers. 
I know my colleagues think these are 
serious charges, and they are. 
I wish to outline a number of in-
stances where the President or his ad-ministration, acting at his discretion, has failed to follow the Constitution or the laws. Regrettably I will only be able to touch on some of the examples. 
The President has attempted to un-
constitutionally limit the powers of States through ObamaCare. He threat-ened the States that did not expand Medicaid would lose their existing Medicaid funds. The Supreme Court ruled 7 to 2 for the first time that a condition on Federal spending was so coercive to the States as to be uncon-stitutional. 
Another President might have been 
careful after such a rebuke by the high-est Court in the land to be mindful of State power—after all, it included one of the Justices that the President him-self appointed to the Supreme Court— but not this President taking notice of what the Court said. 
President Obama’s EPA then turned 
around and has not followed the rule of law. It wrongly recognizes no limit to Federal power or to its own power. 
Despite the fact that Congress re-
jected his cap-and-trade proposal, his EPA issued greenhouse gas regulations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S534 January 27, 2015 
that would require States to develop 
plans that meet EPA-established emis-sion standards. Once EPA approved them, EPA would then order the States to enforce the standards. 
Supporters of EPA argued that the 
threat from pollutants under the Clean Air Act, a category in which they erro-neously include carbon dioxide, justi-fied EPA’s action, but the ‘‘end justi-fies the means’’ is an argument that is totally at odds with the concept of rule of law. 
EPA’s approach is unconstitutional. 
Just as a State cannot be coerced by Federal spending programs, it cannot be commandeered to enact Federal dic-tates. This is a well-established rule of the 10th Amendment, otherwise the States would lose their sovereignty. 
Responsibility and therefore account-
ability would be blurred as voters could not tell which level of government to blame for unpopular policies. Among those who recognize that EPA has acted unconstitutionally is the Presi-dent’s own liberal constitutional law professor, Laurence Tribe of Harvard. 
He wrote that it was his own view 
that the EPA is ‘‘asserting executive power far beyond its lawful authority.’’ 
He also wrote: ‘‘Frustration with 
congressional inaction cannot justify throwing the Constitution overboard.’’ 
President Obama also acted unconsti-
tutionally when he made what he said were valid recess appointments, even though the Senate was not in recess. Although Presidents had been making recess appointments for more than 200 years, the President’s use of the power was once again unprecedented. 
He was armed with a Justice Depart-
ment opinion that laughably argued that the President could ignore when the Senate said it was in session to make such appointments. 
The Supreme Court rejected the 
President’s so-called recess appoint-ments unanimously. That meant of course that both of the Justices Presi-
dent Obama appointed rejected his claim that he could determine when the Senate was in recess, even though the Constitution makes it very clear, and it also rejected the Justice Depart-ment’s arguments that supposedly al-lowed the President to make that re-cess appointment in violation of the Constitution. 
But the President, similar to the old 
French Kings, learns nothing and for-gets nothing when it comes to respect-ing the limits of Presidential power. 
Despite the lodging of the power in 
the Constitution to Congress alone to enact uniform laws of naturalization, the President decided to enable mil-lions of people who entered the country without documents to remain without congressional approval. 
In fact, at a recent Judiciary Com-
mittee hearing we heard testimony that the administration’s misuse of pa-role authority under this directive would allow many individuals who are here illegally to obtain green cards without Congress changing a word of the immigration laws. This follows the President’s earlier 
decision when Congress would not pass the DREAM Act to give benefits to un-documented aliens, as if that bill had been enacted into law. 
In both of these instances, the sup-
posed justification for noncompliance with the law is that the need is so great. This is a siren song that sup-porters of the rule of law must reject. 
Texas and a number of other States 
have already filed suit challenging the immigration order’s constitutionality, as well as its violation of the Adminis-trative Procedure Act. 
In an unrelated case, Federal district 
court has already found parts of the order to be unlawful. The President also has claimed enforcement discre-tion in failing to enforce other Federal criminal laws. 
The Controlled Substances Act pro-
hibits marijuana possession nation-wide. Under the supremacy clause of the Constitution, State laws to the contrary are unconstitutional. 
Normally the Federal Government 
sues States that enact such laws. But when Colorado and other States legal-ized marijuana, the Obama administra-tion directed Federal law enforcement to refrain from using its resources to enforce Federal law in those States. It did not make individualized prosecu-torial decisions but a very blanket re-fusal to enforce Federal law, contrary to the oath. 
Nebraska and Oklahoma, rather than 
the Federal Government, have sued Colorado, as those neighboring States argue they face a significant increase in marijuana and other drug-related harms as a result of the Colorado law. 
To make matters worse, Attorney 
General Holder is expanding his refusal to apply Federal marijuana laws to In-dian reservations. Those reservations depend upon Federal law enforcement. 
He plans to allow tribes to petition 
unelected local prosecutors to decide whether the same nonenforcement of marijuana laws’ policy will apply to those reservations. Apart from the rule of law question, it must be kept in mind that these reservations are in States that still want to see marijuana illegal. As a matter of policy, rates of illegal drug use are higher on Indian reservations, with all of the associated health and crime consequences. 
Again, this goes to the heart of the 
rule of law. 
Does anyone believe if a State de-
cided dealers could sell guns without conducting the federally required back-ground checks, that the Obama admin-istration would ignore those States? Anyone who approves what President Obama has done under the guise of en-forcement discretion will have no cause to complain about a future Presi-dent’s decision to allocate scarce re-sources. 
For instance, he could decide that 
the ObamaCare individual mandate, which is constitutional according to the Supreme Court—only because it is a tax—will not be enforced against anyone who does not buy government- 
approved health insurance. 
President Obama has also violated 
the law when he released five Taliban fighters who were detained at Guanta-namo in exchange for an American ser-geant. As the nonpartisan Government 
Accountability Office concluded, the failure to notify Congress 30 days be-fore such transfer, and to provide a jus-tification, was a violation of law. 
I have asked the Justice Department 
for the justification they prepared for this move by the President. To this day, the President refuses to produce the Justice Department’s opinion that purports to legally justify this action, contrary to the law passed by Congress. 
The American people can draw their 
own conclusions as to whether that means a well-reasoned legal argument exists that the President could legally act as he did. 
The rule of law ensures that govern-
ment officials and agencies obey the law. Under the Constitution, Federal agencies can only exercise the power that Congress gives them. They cannot do whatever they want. Now that is ob-vious to any high school government class. But in the Obama administra-tion, where too many agencies do not believe in limited government, agen-cies are lawlessly exceeding their pow-ers. This lawlessness is a major reason why polls show that Americans believe the Federal Government is overregu-lated. 
Let’s take a look at the EPA again. 
Not only has the EPA violated the Con-stitution and exceeded its powers on the Clean Air Act, that agency has vio-lated a core Federal statute—the Ad-ministrative Procedures Act. The Ad-ministrative Procedures Act sets forth the process by which agencies can issue regulations and conduct other adminis-trative business. 
For instance, under the APA, an 
agency can issue a regulation that is binding on citizens with penalties for noncompliance only if that agency pur-sues notice-and-comment rulemaking. 
This process, consistent with notions 
of due process and fairness, requires any agency to issue a proposed rule, seek public comment, respond to public comment, and modify the proposed rule to reflect those comments when it issues a final rule. The process is this way to assure accountability, to ensure transparency and input from regulated entities. Courts can strike down the regulation if the agency fails to com-ply with the Administrative Proce-dures Act. 
They can also strike down the regu-
lation where the agency exceeds its statutory powers or where the agency’s interpretation of law that is said to justify the regulation does not reflect a 
legitimate reading of the statute. Courts give greater deference to an agency’s interpretations of statutes that are taken after proceeding through the notice-and-comment proc-ess. 
The EPA recently violated the Ad-
ministrative Procedures Act in my own 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S535 January 27, 2015 
State of Iowa. The EPA wrote letters 
to Iowa municipalities setting forth specific requirements that they said must be followed to meet their obliga-tions under the Clean Water Act. The cities challenged the EPA because the two letters effectively imposed new regulatory requirements. They argued the EPA could not impose regulatory obligations simply by letter but needed to proceed by notice-and-comment rulemaking—the Administrative Pro-cedures Act requirements. 
They also argued that so-called infor-
mal guidance imposes subtle pressures on regulated entities to comply even if the EPA does not call its actions a reg-ulation. 
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
Eighth Circuit agreed and struck down the requirements EPA imposed on those cities just by issuing letters. However, the EPA has since publicly stated, as a lot of government agencies do, that the EPA would only comply with the ruling in the Eighth Circuit. 
So here we have a situation where 
there is a national law, the actions of the EPA are struck down in the Eighth Circuit, and now that law is going to be applied one way in the Eighth Circuit and the other way in the rest of the States. In other words, the EPA has proclaimed it intends to continue to impose these illegal requirements on municipalities in those States outside the Eighth Circuit, in clear violation of the APA. 
The EPA is not alone in failing to 
comply with the Administrative Proce-dures Act. The Department of Edu-cation issued what it termed informal guidance concerning campus sexual as-sault last year without public input. 
I hope we can see a pattern here, 
whether it is by letter by the EPA to Iowa municipalities or whether it is something called informal guidance by the Department of Education. These are all terms trying to get around the legal requirements of the Administra-tive Procedures Act to get things done faster by these agencies, because fol-lowing the rule of law is kind of an en-cumbrance they do not want to go through. 
In regard to what the Department of 
Education did, at a HELP Committee hearing the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights Catherine Lhamon stated that she expected colleges and univer-sities to comply with that guidance that was not a regulation under the Administrative Procedures Act. Of course, that meant what the Depart-ment was calling informal guidance was really a regulation that could only be issued after engaging in notice-and- comment rulemaking. 
When Senator A
LEXANDER , who is 
chairman of the committee now, asked her who gave her the authority to issue the guidance, she responded, incred-ibly—and I emphasize incredibly— ‘‘Well, with gratitude, you did, when I was confirmed.’’ 
So you get confirmed by 100 Members 
of the Senate and you can do whatever you want to regardless of law? No. This 
is the United States, where we operate under the rule of law and the constitu-tion. It is not France in the age of Louis XIV where government officials say, L’Etat c’est moi. I am the State, in other words. 
Senate confirmation means only that 
a person has been legally installed in a job. But once confirmed, the agency of-ficial can only act in accordance with the laws governing their agency. 
I support the Department’s overall 
goal of holding accountable those who commit campus sexual assault, but it has to be done lawfully. By issuing so- called guidance that, by her own ad-mission, she expected colleges and uni-versities to follow, the Department ex-ceeded its lawful powers. 
Separate from excluding the public 
from having any say in the rules that have governed their conduct, bureau-crats have many incentives—too many incentives—to ignore the Administra-tive Procedures Act. 
Imagine: Formal rulemaking takes 
time. A formal notice of proposed rule-making is followed by the public’s comment period, then the agency re-sponds to comments and modifies their proposed rule before it is made final. The Office of Management and Budget reviews the regulation and can block or modify it. The Office of Management and Budget makes agencies justify the costs and benefits of their rules, reduce burdens under the Paperwork Reduc-tion Act, and also prepare a federalism impact statement for those proposed rules. 
Agencies that want to regulate with-
out oversight can subvert the whole process of issuing binding rules under the cover of ‘‘informal guidance.’’ It is so much faster for bureaucrats to issue dictates to whomever they want for whatever reason they want. 
By avoiding the Administrative Pro-
cedures Act, these unelected agencies violate the whole separation of powers. They act legislatively in violation of the limited authority Congress pro-vides a particular agency. Then they are free to issue even more rules, re-stricting the freedom of American peo-ple and increasing the role of unelected bureaucrats in telling other people what to do. Reductions in freedom are ultimately manifestations of a failure to follow the rule of law. 
We are already headed in that direc-
tion. The Supreme Court has before it a case now from the Labor Depart-ment, where one of the issues discussed at oral argument was whether that agency was required to proceed by no-tice-and-comment rulemaking rather than through interpretive rules. We shall see, then, whether the Court ad-dresses that issue or focuses instead on what level of deference a court gives when agencies change their position without proceeding through Adminis-trative Procedures Act rulemaking. 
But even if the issue of the necessity 
of engaging in notice-and-comment rulemaking is not addressed in that case, the Court, before long, will reach 
that question. When it does, I believe it will find that what the Obama adminis-tration has been doing is clearly ille-gal. 
President Obama’s claims of Execu-
tive power are unprecedented. He is creating a general precedent of a Presi-dency unrestrained by law. 
When Franklin Roosevelt was inau-
gurated in the darkest days of the Great Depression, he called on Con-gress to act to respond to the emer-gency as well as giving him powers to address it. He did issue Executive or-ders, such as declaring a bank holiday, but he did not say that he had a phone and a pen and that he would do what-ever he felt was necessary regardless of whether Congress acted. Rather, he said that if the powers Congress gave him to address the emergency were in-adequate, he would ask Congress to provide him with the powers Congress would give a President in the event of a foreign invasion. 
Those are extensive powers. But he 
was determined to ask Congress for power, not to act unilaterally because the ends justified the means. He want-ed to use all the powers available under the Constitution, not exceed those powers. 
Not only does the Constitution fur-
ther government compliance with the rule of law through the separation of powers, it also sets up an executive branch that can act to check itself. Ex-ecutive officials have their own legal powers that the President cannot interfere with. They can also refuse to carry out illegal Presidential orders. 
We have a very good example from 
the dark days of Watergate. The Nixon administration exceeded its powers too. When that happened, there were administration officials who pushed back against their own President who appointed them. The appropriate Jus-tice Department official told President Nixon he would haul him into Federal Court if there were evidence of his criminality. Attorney General Elliott Richardson and Deputy Attorney Gen-eral Ruckelhaus resigned rather than fire the Watergate special prosecutor, as the President had ordered. People of 
conscience do sometimes resign or threaten to do so, and that increases public pressure on the President to obey the law. 
Who in the Obama administration 
has ever stood up against his lawless-ness? No one, as far as I know. No one has resigned from the Justice Depart-ment as it has become a rubberstamp for wild claims of Presidential power that exceed the Constitution and vio-late the laws. 
What lawyer in the EPA or any other 
Department has stopped her agency from acting unconstitutionally by ex-ceeding the powers that Congress has specifically delegated under various statutes? What lawyer has stopped an agency from violating the Administra-tive Procedures Act by issuing binding rules on the public without public com-ment? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S536 January 27, 2015 
I regret to say that the Congress up 
to now has too often been complicit with Presidential assaults on the rule of law. When President Obama evis-cerated the core Senate prerogative of advice and consent by making uncon-stitutional recess appointments, not one single Democrat in this body ob-jected. This is where the real harm of excessive partisanship manifests itself. 
Time and again, the previous major-
ity in this body refused to take action against any Presidential action that violated the law if they agreed with the policy being pursued by the President. This sort of nonactivity is not why the Constitution created the Congress. Whatever its flaws, an active Congress that defends its legislative preroga-tives and conducts effective oversight of Executive illegality is vital to pre-serving liberty. 
In one historical example, the proc-
ess of transformation from democracy to dictatorship was completed when the Parliament voted itself out of ex-istence. 
The Framers did not intend a Con-
gress to sit idly by as the President violates the Constitution and the laws. In Federalist 51, James Madison wrote that the separation of powers was vital to the preservation of liberty. He noted that checks and balances would be ef-fective in keeping each branch within its prescribed constitutional role be-cause each had, in his words: 
. . . the necessary constitutional means 
and personal motives to resist encroach-ments of the others. . . . Ambition must be made to counteract ambition. 
Recently, the Senate has failed to 
counteract unlimited Executive ambi-tion. That must change and, as a result of the last election, should change. Will it change? I sure hope so. 
I trust that under our new leadership, 
the Senate will take action for the gov-ernment to control itself, and to re-store the rule of law that has been so badly damaged in recent years, because if we take the spirit of the Declaration of Independence—and remember, prior to that Declaration, the colonies de-cided they did not want one person, George III, making decisions affecting millions of people on this side of the ocean. So they were very careful, when they declared independence and they wrote a Constitution a few years later, to make sure they carried out the spir-it of the Declaration of Independence that: 
. . . they are endowed by their Creator 
with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of happiness. 
Not by our government, but by na-
ture or by our Creator. 
So they put into this Constitution as-
surances so there could never be a George III again, and separated all the powers so one person didn’t have all the power. 
Now we see one person trying to ex-
ercise the power of several branches of government, as George III tried to do. So we are over that hurdle. All we have to do is make sure that the checks and 
balances the government worked—the same checks and balances that every high school kid learns in government class, to make sure that one person doesn’t do it, and that our liberties are protected by a government that oper-ates under the rule of law. And that Constitution is our rule of law. 
I yield the floor, and I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant bill clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 245 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment so that I may call up amendment No. 245 on behalf of Sen-ator B
ARRASSO . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-
lows: 
The Senator from Alaska [Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ], for Mr. B ARRASSO , proposes an 
amendment numbered 245 to amendment No. 2. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I ask unanimous 
consent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To clarify that treaties with 
Indian tribes remain in effect) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. NO EFFECT ON INDIAN TREATIES. 
Nothing in this Act may change, suspend, 
supersede, or abrogate any trust obligation or treaty requirement of the United States with respect to any Indian nation without consultation with the applicable Indian na-tion, as required under Executive Order 13175 (67 Fed. Reg. 67249) (November 6, 2000). 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant bill clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 246 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2 
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment in order to call up amendment No. 246. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read as fol-
lows: 
The Senator from Montana [Mr. D AINES ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 246 to amendment No. 2. Mr. DAINES. I ask unanimous con-
sent that reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To express the sense of Congress 
that reauthorizing the Land and Water Conservation Fund should be a priority) 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. l. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING REAU-
THORIZATION OF LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Land and Water Conservation Fund 
plays an important role in improving wild-life habitat and increasing outdoor recre-ation opportunities on Federal and State land; and 
(2) reauthorizing the Land and Water Con-
servation Fund should be a priority for Con-gress and should include improvements to the structure of the program to more effec-tively manage existing Federal land. 
Mr. DAINES. Madam President, as a 
fifth-generation Montanan and lifelong sportsman, I have a deep appreciation for our public lands. Hunting, fishing, and hiking on our public lands are im-portant parts of many Montanan’s way of life. These are traditions I have en-joyed in my life and traditions I have also enjoyed with my kids. 
It is important our State’s outdoor 
heritage is protected for future genera-tions. That is why protecting and in-creasing access to public lands is so im-portant. The Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund has been instrumental in in-creasing access to our public lands, growing opportunities for outdoor recreation and protecting wildlife. There is great potential for the pro-gram to be used to improve the man-agement of our existing Federal lands. 
In fact, there is much improvement 
to be made to make Federal land man-agement more effective. My amend-ment will express the sense of the Con-gress that the Land and Water Con-servation Fund plays an important role in improving wildlife habitat and in-creasing outdoor recreation opportuni-ties on Federal as well as State land. It will also convey that reauthorizing the Land and Water Conservation Fund should be a priority for Congress and should include improvements in the structure of the program to more effec-tively manage existing Federal land. 
Montana’s outdoor heritage is of 
great importance to our State’s econ-omy and thousands of Montanans’ way of life. We must work to improve pro-grams such as the Land and Water Con-servation Fund so it will work better for Montanans and all Americans. 
Supporting and improving the Land 
and Water Conservation Fund will help us ensure this legacy is continued for future generations. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant bill clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S537 January 27, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
ROUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that on Wednesday, January 28, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., the Senate proceed to vote in re-lation to the following amendments in the order listed: Cardin No. 75, Peters No. 70, Sanders No. 23, Cruz No. 15, Merkley No. 125, Moran No. 73, White-house No. 148, Daines No. 132, Coons No. 115, Collins No. 35, Carper No. 120, Murkowski No. 166, Heitkamp No. 133, Gillibrand No. 48, Barrasso No. 245, Cardin No. 124, Daines No. 246, and Burr No. 92, as modified with the changes at the desk; further, that all amendments on this list be subject to a 60-vote af-firmative threshold for adoption and that no second-degrees be in order to the amendments. I ask consent that there be 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided between each vote, and that all votes after the first in the series be 10- minute votes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 92), as modified, 
is as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . PERMANENT REAUTHORIZATION OF 
LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 200302 of title 54, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘During the period ending September 30, 2015, there’’ and inserting ‘‘There’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking 
‘‘through September 30, 2015’’. 
(b) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—Section 200306 of title 
54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) P
UBLIC ACCESS .—Not less than 1.5 per-
cent of amounts made available for expendi-ture under section 200303 or $10,000,000, whichever is greater, shall be available each fiscal year for projects that secure rec-reational public access to existing Federal public land for hunting, fishing, and other recreational purposes.’’. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MARY LEAHY’S CAREER AS AN 
EDUCATOR 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I have 
the privilege of being a lifelong Vermonter, as were my parents and my brother and sister. All Vermonters re-alize that in a small State like ours, it takes the dedication and hard work of very special and talented people to make our State great. 
I will take a moment as a proud 
brother to mention one such person, my younger sister, Mary Leahy. Mary’s work with adult basic education and teaching and her ability to give adults 
who have not had the capability to read a newfound ability is profound. It is impossible to calculate the number of lives she has dramatically improved in our State through her work. I still carry the memory of watching a grand-father with tears in his eyes, as he read a simple child’s book to his grandchild. He then told me that he had never been able to read to his child, the grand-child’s parent, but at least in his later years he could read to the grandchild. I thought what a gift. I thought again of Mary as I read an article printed in a number of our media in Vermont, written by Nancy Graff, about this part of Mary’s career. I ask unanimous con-sent that it be printed in the R
ECORD at 
this point. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From VTDigger.org, Dec. 28, 2014] 
INTHISSTATE : FORMARYLEAHY , LITERACY  
GOESBEYOND READING  
(By Nancy Graff) 
Several miles up a dirt road in Marshfield, 
Mary Leahy’s driveway swings up a modest rise on the right. In the wake of a recent snowstorm, ice, clumps of snow, ruts, and shattered branches have created endless road stubble. Traffic is infrequent. Leahy hasn’t seen Camel’s Hump, a breathtaking view normally framed by her house’s large west- facing windows, for almost a week due to stubborn low-hanging clouds. No other struc-ture or human being intrudes. 
In this isolated spot, Leahy has spent 20 
years thinking through what it means to be literate. She believes it all comes down to creating communities that welcome every-one. 
Two years ago Leahy, a Montpelier native, 
retired from Central Vermont Adult Basic Education after 34 years as co-director and four years before that as a field tutor. Throughout her tenure, she says in her soft voice, she worked to make adult literacy programs ‘‘as inclusive as any other form of education, so that everyone could become part of the cultural community.’’ 
Leahy is sitting in her living room, her 
telltale shock of white hair the same color as the walls inside and the snow piled outside. She can tell hundreds of stories about people she has encountered over the past decades. One woman holds a special place in the evo-lution of her thinking. According to Leahy, when this woman came to be tutored in read-ing, Leahy asked her why she felt the need to learn now, long after she had left school. She replied that she had a big maple tree in her front yard, and a dream that one day when she finished her chores, she would take a book and sit under that tree and read it. 
‘‘That became the beacon for the rest of 
my work,’’ Leahy says. 
One book in particular provided more in-
spiration. A middle-aged man under Mary’s tutelage asked if they could read ‘‘Black Beauty’’ together. ‘‘’Why that book?’’’ she remembers asking. He had shown no interest in horses. He explained that ‘‘Black Beauty’’ had been popular when he was in school, but he could never join in the discussions about it because he couldn’t read. He wanted to know how it ends. 
‘‘I think ‘Black Beauty’ was the most 
formative book I read as a child. It taught me about being compassionate. I read it over and over and over,’’ she says. 
And then there was a favorite nun at Lea-
hy’s college, St. Catherine University, in Minneapolis. She taught Leahy that ‘‘work 
has to serve the world.’’ 
After graduating and returning to 
Vermont, Leahy briefly tried her hand at farming before she started working in lit-eracy. 
‘‘Literacy took up my imagination,’’ 
Leahy says. ‘‘It took up my heart, and I could see the changes in people’s lives.’’ 
Among the mementos from her father’s 
shop that Mary Leahy keeps in her house is the letterpress type that once printed the ‘‘ICE’’ cards that people would put in their front windows when they wanted the iceman to make a delivery. Beautifully rendered in wood to begin with, the letter faces are as smooth as glass after decades of use. Beside them is a well-used brass can that contained solvent to clean the type. 
Soon, however, she began to see that being 
able to identify a letter, being able to asso-ciate that letter with a sound, stringing let-ters into words, and understanding the meaning of the words were not enough. She recalls men at a local electric company who were afraid to requisition a part to fix a ma-chine they could run with their eyes closed because they were unable to fill out the form needed to get the part. They learned the fun-damentals of reading for their jobs, but until they could engage with ideas they remained outliers in the world’s cultural community. 
‘‘They needed to be included,’’ Leahy says. 
And that meant being able to help their chil-dren with schoolwork, being able to articu-late their ideas and opinions, being able to teach themselves to learn. 
Bringing the newly literate into the life of 
their families and home communities, into the community of ideas that explore our hu-manity and world, became Leahy’s goal. 
These days CVABE serves approximately 
600 clients, down from a high of 800 a few years ago. Leahy is quick to praise the peo-ple with whom she has worked over the years and other organizations that have made lit-eracy work possible, especially the Vermont Council on the Humanities, with its empha-sis on teaching reading not just as a vital skill but as a revelation of the human condi-tion. 
Each student presents unique challenges. 
Some are well-educated immigrants who need to learn English to work in their field. Some have learning disabilities that weren’t addressed. Others have lived in such chaotic situations that school wasn’t a priority. Still others have come from such poverty that il-literacy was a legacy passed from genera-tions. 
When she began working for CVABE, the 
organization stressed one-on-one in-home tu-toring. ABE itself was a feature of the war on poverty that was an extension of the De-partment of Education. Leahy’s job was to develop tutoring programs by recruiting stu-dents and volunteers. To find students, she went door to door asking if anyone needed literacy assistance. 
Being illiterate is not something people 
want to admit, she says. ‘‘There’s a chronic fear of being found out that you can’t do what everyone else can. You think you’re alone in not being able to do this.’’ 
And so she met them wherever they felt 
comfortable. She tutored in homes, in res-taurants, in libraries, sometimes in her car. 
Eventually, the Department of Education 
pushed the ABE program to move toward a more center-based structure. So Leahy oversaw that change, as well as many others, including gaining independence, forming a board, fundraising, starting an alternative high school program for teens, and very im-portant, from her perspective, hosting read-ing and discussion programs. In 1989 she helped organize the first statewide con-ference for Vermont’s newly literate, ABE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S538 January 27, 2015 
students who had once believed their opin-
ions did not matter. 
Leahy learned early in life what it means 
to be part of a community. Her father, a printer, had a shop near the Statehouse, and like her brothers (one of whom is Vermont’s U.S. Sen. Patrick Leahy), she regularly de-livered printing jobs to the capitol. In the process she learned about government and politics and the obligations of citizenship. She learned about history and immigrant communities through their Irish and Italian ancestors, including one grandmother who was illiterate. These interests have carried over into her current volunteer work for the Friends of the Vermont State House, the Vermont Historical Society, and the Marshfield Historical Society. She wants ev-eryone to have full access to communities like these that will enrich their lives. 
According to Leahy, her students were a 
joy to teach because they were so motivated. With her eyes tearing up she tells the story of a man who wrote a letter to his first grandchild. ‘‘Things are going to be different than they were for me and your mother,’’ he wrote. ‘‘Your mother would bring papers home from school, and I’d keep my distance because I didn’t want her to know. But things will be different with you and me.’’ That change in one family’s quality of life, says Leahy, will resonate for generations. Another student was 93 when he learned to read. He had vowed to learn to read before he died. 
These Vermonters and all the others whose 
lives Leahy has touched in her life’s work are no longer outliers. 
‘‘We all belong to a very special group of 
people,’’ she says. ‘‘We can read and write.’’ 
f 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING, 
HOUSING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. SHELBY. Mr. President, the 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs has adopted rules gov-erning its procedures for the 114th Con-gress. Pursuant to rule XXVI, para-graph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Sen-ator B
ROWN , I ask unanimous consent 
that a copy of the committee rules be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF PROCEDURE FOR THE COM-
MITTEE ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS 
RULE 1 .—REGULAR MEETING DATE FOR  
COMMITTEE  
The regular meeting day for the Com-
mittee to transact its business shall be the last Tuesday in each month that the Senate is in Session; except that if the Committee has met at any time during the month prior to the last Tuesday of the month, the regular meeting of the Committee may be canceled at the discretion of the Chairman. 
RULE 2 .—COMMITTEE  
[a] Investigations.—No investigation shall 
be initiated by the Committee unless the Senate, or the full Committee, or the Chair-man and Ranking Member have specifically authorized such investigation. 
[b] Hearings.—No hearing of the Com-
mittee shall be scheduled outside the Dis-trict of Columbia except by agreement be-tween the Chairman of the Committee and the Ranking Member of the Committee or by a majority vote of the Committee. [c] Confidential testimony.—No confiden-
tial testimony taken or confidential mate-rial presented at an executive session of the Committee or any report of the proceedings of such executive session shall be made pub-lic either in whole or in part or by way of summary, unless specifically authorized by the Chairman of the Committee and the Ranking Member of the Committee or by a majority vote of the Committee. 
[d] Interrogation of witnesses.—Committee 
interrogation of a witness shall be conducted only by members of the Committee or such professional staff as is authorized by the Chairman or the Ranking Member of the Committee. 
[e] Prior notice of markup sessions.—No 
session of the Committee or a Subcommittee for marking up any measure shall be held unless [1] each member of the Committee or the Subcommittee, as the case may be, has been notified in writing via electronic mail or paper mail of the date, time, and place of such session and has been furnished a copy of the measure to be considered, in a searchable electronic format, at least 3 business days prior to the commencement of such session, or [2] the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee determines that exigent cir-cumstances exist requiring that the session be held sooner. 
[f] Prior notice of first degree amend-
ments.—It shall not be in order for the Com-mittee or a Subcommittee to consider any amendment in the first degree proposed to any measure under consideration by the Committee or Subcommittee unless fifty written copies of such amendment have been delivered to the office of the Committee at least 2 business days prior to the meeting. It shall be in order, without prior notice, for a Senator to offer a motion to strike a single section of any measure under consideration. Such a motion to strike a section of the measure under consideration by the Com-mittee or Subcommittee shall not be amend-able. This section may be waived by a major-ity of the members of the Committee or Sub-committee voting, or by agreement of the Chairman and Ranking Member. This sub-section shall apply only when the conditions of subsection [e][1] have been met. 
[g] Cordon rule.—Whenever a bill or joint 
resolution repealing or amending any stat-ute or part thereof shall be before the Com-mittee or Subcommittee, from initial consid-eration in hearings through final consider-ation, the Clerk shall place before each member of the Committee or Subcommittee a print of the statute or the part or section thereof to be amended or repealed showing by stricken-through type, the part or parts to be omitted, and in italics, the matter pro-posed to be added. In addition, whenever a member of the Committee or Subcommittee offers an amendment to a bill or joint resolu-tion under consideration, those amendments shall be presented to the Committee or Sub-committee in a like form, showing by typo-graphical devices the effect of the proposed amendment on existing law. The require-ments of this subsection may be waived when, in the opinion of the Committee or Subcommittee Chairman, it is necessary to expedite the business of the Committee or Subcommittee. 
RULE 3 .—SUBCOMMITTEES  
[a] Authorization for.—A Subcommittee of 
the Committee may be authorized only by the action of a majority of the Committee. 
[b] Membership.—No member may be a 
member of more than three Subcommittees and no member may chair more than one Subcommittee. No member will receive as-signment to a second Subcommittee until, in order of seniority, all members of the Com-mittee have chosen assignments to one Sub-committee, and no member shall receive as-
signment to a third Subcommittee until, in order of seniority, all members have chosen assignments to two Subcommittees. 
[c] Investigations.—No investigation shall 
be initiated by a Subcommittee unless the Senate or the full Committee has specifi-cally authorized such investigation. 
[d] Hearings.—No hearing of a Sub-
committee shall be scheduled outside the District of Columbia without prior consulta-tion with the Chairman and then only by agreement between the Chairman of the Sub-
committee and the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee or by a majority vote of the Subcommittee. 
[e] Confidential testimony.—No confiden-
tial testimony taken or confidential mate-rial presented at an executive session of the Subcommittee or any report of the pro-ceedings of such executive session shall be made public, either in whole or in part or by way of summary, unless specifically author-ized by the Chairman of the Subcommittee and the Ranking Member of the Sub-committee, or by a majority vote of the Sub-committee. 
[f] Interrogation of witnesses.—Sub-
committee interrogation of a witness shall be conducted only by members of the Sub-committee or such professional staff as is au-thorized by the Chairman or the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee. 
[g] Special meetings.—If at least three 
members of a Subcommittee desire that a special meeting of the Subcommittee be called by the Chairman of the Sub-committee, those members may file in the offices of the Committee their written re-quest to the Chairman of the Subcommittee for that special meeting. Immediately upon the filing of the request, the Clerk of the Committee shall notify the Chairman of the Subcommittee of the filing of the request. If, within 3 calendar days after the filing of the request, the Chairman of the Subcommittee does not call the requested special meeting, to be held within 7 calendar days after the filing of the request, a majority of the mem-bers of the Subcommittee may file in the of-fices of the Committee their written notice that a special meeting of the Subcommittee will be held, specifying the date and hour of that special meeting. The Subcommittee shall meet on that date and hour. Imme-diately upon the filing of the notice, the Clerk of the Committee shall notify all members of the Subcommittee that such spe-cial meeting will be held and inform them of its date and hour. If the Chairman of the Subcommittee is not present at any regular or special meeting of the Subcommittee, the Ranking Member of the majority party on the Subcommittee who is present shall pre-side at that meeting. 
[h] Voting.—No measure or matter shall be 
recommended from a Subcommittee to the Committee unless a majority of the Sub-committee are actually present. The vote of the Subcommittee to recommend a measure or matter to the Committee shall require the concurrence of a majority of the members of the Subcommittee voting. On Subcommittee matters other than a vote to recommend a measure or matter to the Committee no record vote shall be taken unless a majority of the Subcommittee is actually present. Any absent member of a Subcommittee may affirmatively request that his or her vote to recommend a measure or matter to the Com-mittee or his vote on any such other matters on which a record vote is taken, be cast by proxy. The proxy shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently clear to identify the subject matter and to inform the Sub-committee as to how the member wishes his or her vote to be recorded thereon. By writ-ten notice to the Chairman of the Sub-committee any time before the record vote 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S539 January 27, 2015 
on the measure or matter concerned is 
taken, the member may withdraw a proxy previously given. All proxies shall be kept in the files of the Committee. 
RULE 4 .—WITNESSES  
[a] Filing of statements.—Any witness ap-
pearing before the Committee or Sub-committee [including any witness rep-resenting a Government agency] must file with the Committee or Subcommittee [24 hours preceding his or her appearance] 75 copies of his or her statement to the Com-mittee or Subcommittee, and the statement must include a brief summary of the testi-mony. In the event that the witness fails to file a written statement and brief summary in accordance with this rule, the Chairman of the Committee or Subcommittee has the discretion to deny the witness the privilege of testifying before the Committee or Sub-committee until the witness has properly complied with the rule. 
[b] Length of statements.—Written state-
ments properly filed with the Committee or Subcommittee may be as lengthy as the wit-ness desires and may contain such docu-ments or other addenda as the witness feels is necessary to present properly his or her views to the Committee or Subcommittee. The brief summary included in the state-ment must be no more than 3 pages long. It shall be left to the discretion of the Chair-man of the Committee or Subcommittee as to what portion of the documents presented to the Committee or Subcommittee shall be published in the printed transcript of the hearings. 
[c] Ten-minute duration.—Oral statements 
of witnesses shall be based upon their filed statements but shall be limited to 10 min-utes duration. This period may be limited or extended at the discretion of the Chairman presiding at the hearings. 
[d] Subpoena of witnesses.—Witnesses may 
be subpoenaed by the Chairman of the Com-mittee or a Subcommittee with the agree-ment of the Ranking Member of the Com-mittee or Subcommittee or by a majority vote of the Committee or Subcommittee. 
[e] Counsel permitted.—Any witness sub-
poenaed by the Committee or Subcommittee to a public or executive hearing may be ac-companied by counsel of his or her own choosing who shall be permitted, while the witness is testifying, to advise him or her of his or her legal rights. 
[f] Expenses of witnesses.—No witness shall 
be reimbursed for his or her appearance at a public or executive hearing before the Com-mittee or Subcommittee unless such reim-
bursement is agreed to by the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Committee. 
[g] Limits of questions.—Questioning of a 
witness by members shall be limited to 5 minutes duration when 5 or more members are present and 10 minutes duration when less than 5 members are present, except that if a member is unable to finish his or her questioning in this period, he or she may be permitted further questions of the witness after all members have been given an oppor-tunity to question the witness. 
Additional opportunity to question a wit-
ness shall be limited to a duration of 5 min-utes until all members have been given the opportunity of questioning the witness for a second time. This 5–minute period per mem-ber will be continued until all members have exhausted their questions of the witness. 
RULE 5 .—VOTING  
[a] Vote to report a measure or matter.— 
No measure or matter shall be reported from the Committee unless a majority of the Committee is actually present. The vote of the Committee to report a measure or mat-ter shall require the concurrence of a major-ity of the members of the Committee who are present. Any absent member may affirmatively re-
quest that his or her vote to report a matter be cast by proxy. The proxy shall be suffi-ciently clear to identify the subject matter, and to inform the Committee as to how the member wishes his vote to be recorded there-on. By written notice to the Chairman any time before the record vote on the measure or matter concerned is taken, any member may withdraw a proxy previously given. All proxies shall be kept in the files of the Com-mittee, along with the record of the rollcall vote of the members present and voting, as an official record of the vote on the measure or matter. 
[b] Vote on matters other than to report a 
measure or matter.—On Committee matters other than a vote to report a measure or matter, no record vote shall be taken unless a majority of the Committee are actually present. On any such other matter, a mem-ber of the Committee may request that his or her vote may be cast by proxy. The proxy shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently clear to identify the subject matter, and to inform the Committee as to how the member wishes his or her vote to be recorded there-on. By written notice to the Chairman any time before the vote on such other matter is taken, the member may withdraw a proxy previously given. All proxies relating to such other matters shall be kept in the files of the Committee. 
RULE 6 .—QUORUM  
No executive session of the Committee or a 
Subcommittee shall be called to order unless a majority of the Committee or Sub-committee, as the case may be, are actually present. Unless the Committee otherwise provides or is required by the Rules of the Senate, one member shall constitute a quorum for the receipt of evidence, the swearing in of witnesses, and the taking of testimony. 
RULE 7 .—STAFF PRESENT ON DAIS  
Only members and the Clerk of the Com-
mittee shall be permitted on the dais during public or executive hearings, except that a member may have one staff person accom-pany him or her during such public or execu-tive hearing on the dais. If a member desires a second staff person to accompany him or her on the dais he or she must make a re-quest to the Chairman for that purpose. 
RULE 8 .—COINAGE LEGISLATION  
At least 67 Senators must cosponsor any 
gold medal or commemorative coin bill or resolution before consideration by the Com-mittee. 
EXTRACTS FROM THE STANDING RULES 
OF THE SENATE 
RULE XXV , STANDING COMMITTEES  
1. The following standing committees shall 
be appointed at the commencement of each Congress, and shall continue and have the power to act until their successors are ap-pointed, with leave to report by bill or other-wise on matters within their respective ju-risdictions: 
*****  [d][1] Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs, to which committee shall be referred all proposed legislation, messages, petitions, memorials, and other matters re-lating to the following subjects: 
1. Banks, banking, and financial institu-
tions. 
2. Control of prices of commodities, rents, 
and services. 
3. Deposit insurance. 4. Economic stabilization and defense pro-
duction. 
5. Export and foreign trade promotion. 6. Export controls. 7. Federal monetary policy, including Fed-
eral Reserve System. 8. Financial aid to commerce and industry. 
9. Issuance and redemption of notes. 10. Money and credit, including currency 
and coinage. 
11. Nursing home construction. 12. Public and private housing [including 
veterans’ housing]. 
13. Renegotiation of Government con-
tracts. 
14. Urban development and urban mass 
transit. 
[2] Such committee shall also study and re-
view, on a comprehensive basis, matters re-lating to international economic policy as it affects United States monetary affairs, cred-it, and financial institutions; economic growth, urban affairs, and credit, and report thereon from time to time. 
COMMITTEE PROCEDURES FOR PRESIDENTIAL  
NOMINEES  
Procedures formally adopted by the U.S. 
Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, February 4, 1981, establish a uniform questionnaire for all Presidential nominees whose confirmation hearings come before this Committee. 
In addition, the procedures establish that: [1] A confirmation hearing shall normally 
be held at least 5 days after receipt of the completed questionnaire by the Committee unless waived by a majority vote of the Com-mittee. 
[2] The Committee shall vote on the con-
firmation not less than 24 hours after the Committee has received transcripts of the hearing unless waived by unanimous con-sent. 
[3] All nominees routinely shall testify 
under oath at their confirmation hearings. 
This questionnaire shall be made a part of 
the public record except for financial infor-mation, which shall be kept confidential. 
Nominees are requested to answer all ques-
tions, and to add additional pages where nec-essary. 
f 
DEFENDING THE JONES ACT 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak on the Jones Act, an important law for our Nation’s mari-time industry and for our national se-curity. Senator M
CCAINhas filed an 
amendment to repeal the Jones Act, and I urge its defeat. 
In Louisiana, we know how impor-
tant the maritime industry and Jones Act-related jobs are to our State and our economy. According to the Amer-ican Maritime Partnership, Louisiana leads the Nation in maritime jobs by a number of measurements of the domes-tic maritime economy. For domestic maritime employment, Louisiana has more jobs than any other State—55,000 jobs out of close to 500,000 nationwide. Louisiana also leads the Nation in per capita maritime jobs, with 1 in 83 jobs being tied to our domestic maritime industries, nearly twice that of any other State. For total economic output from domestic maritime activity, Lou-isiana again leads the nation with more than $11 billion per year. 
Louisiana’s 2,800 miles of navigable 
waterways handle more waterborne commerce than any other State. Tug-boats based in Louisiana facilitate entry of cargo into the Mississippi River and then up the river and throughout the Nation on our inland waterways. This vast infrastructure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S540 January 27, 2015 
and the maritime operators using it di-
rectly benefit the entire Nation. For example, 60 percent of export grain travels to the Gulf of Mexico through Louisiana. Also, one-fifth of our domes-tic energy is produced off the coast of Louisiana with support from the do-mestic fleet of offshore workboats. 
The Jones Act helps ensure the 
strength and stability of our domestic maritime industry, and it will help en-sure that it continues to flourish. These jobs and the economic benefits from them would be at risk if the Jones Act were repealed. I have no doubt that our industries can and will compete ef-fectively against their counterparts around the world. However, they can-not compete fairly against the heavy subsidization that foreign governments give to their industries. Also, there cannot be fair competition when for-eign vessels are not subjected to the same requirements for safety, fuel con-tainers, labor standards, training, inci-dental vessel discharges, other environ-mental regulations, taxes, and more that our industries have to follow. 
Also, the Jones Act is vital to the 
military as it protects our national se-curity. In order to ensure our Navy re-mains the best equipped and most pow-erful Navy in the world, we must have domestic skills base and shipbuilding capacity. Also, we need to have an ade-quate domestic fleet to ensure the fast and secure delivery of vital military cargoes around the world. 
For our homeland security, the Jones 
Act helps keep our ports and water-ways safer from attack. Imagine if our inland waterways and ports were fully open to foreign vessels. The Coast Guard and our other law enforcement agencies would have no real, effective way to know if vessels are safe as they travel through our river communities, if the crews are properly licensed for the vessel’s operation, or if anyone or anything on the vessels pose a risk. The Jones Act helps our first respond-ers and law enforcement better know any potential threats and allows them to be better prepared to act in an emer-gency. 
In short, any legislation to repeal or 
lessen the protections of the Jones Act would threaten jobs, economic growth, military strength, and homeland secu-rity. I will continue working to support the U.S. maritime industry. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO HOWARD GEORGE 
HITCHENS 
∑Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor Howard George Hitchens and highlight his service to the Slaughter Beach community and the State of Delaware. 
Howard George Hitchens is a charter 
member of the Memorial Volunteer Fire Company of Slaughter Beach, DE, which he and several others established in 1954. Howard previously served as fire chief, assistant chief engineer, and 
director of the fire company. He also started its Santa Claus show for chil-dren, which still occurs each year dur-ing the holiday season. Howard has served the fire company for more than 60 years and is the only living charter member. 
On February 14, 2015, the Memorial 
Volunteer Fire Company will honor Howard for his service. Howard is a true Delawarean and a model commu-nity leader. I would like to honor How-ard and his more than six decades of service to his family, friends, commu-nity, and the State of Delaware. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING JAMES ALLEN 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor the life and legacy of Rogers Police Chief James Allen, who passed away on Thursday after a long battle with cancer. 
After more than three decades of 
public service, Chief Allen was well re-spected in the law enforcement com-munity across Arkansas. He was a dedicated leader who devoted his life to law enforcement. 
Chief Allen graduated from Arkansas 
State University with a degree in criminal justice. Following graduation he joined the Jacksonville Police De-partment and within a few short years was named the captain of the Pulaski County Sheriff’s Office. Chief Allen was the youngest police chief to serve on the Bentonville Police Force, a posi-tion which he held for 22 years. During his time at the helm of the Bentonville Police Department, Chief Allen grad-uated from the FBI National Academy. In 2011, he became the Rogers police chief. 
I am greatly appreciative for Chief 
Allen’s continued service over the years to Arkansas and Rogers, the community I call home. Chief Allen was a man of the law, and he was al-ways looking for opportunities to im-prove the resources for his staff and the community by applying for grants. I was happy to help support his endeav-ors. 
I pray for his family and friends dur-
ing this trying time, and I hope they find comfort knowing that Chief Allen touched so many lives in the State. He will be missed but leaves a lasting leg-acy. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TOM GRADY 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, I wish 
to congratulate Assemblyman Tom Grady, of Yerington, on his retirement. After serving 12 years in the Nevada Legislature, Assemblyman Grady is re-tiring from public service. It gives me great pleasure to congratulate him not only as a colleague but also as a friend on his retirement after more than 36 years of hard work and dedication to the Silver State. 
A devoted husband and proud father 
of three, Assemblyman Grady stands as a shining example of someone who has dedicated his life to serving his com-
munity. Upon graduating from the Uni-versity of Nevada, Reno, Assemblyman Grady went on to attend the Wash-ington State Bankers School. After moving back to Nevada, he served as the secretary-treasurer of the Truckee Carson Irrigation District before ad-vancing to vice president of Pioneer Citizens Bank of Nevada. After leaving the bank, Assemblyman Grady reen-tered public service after winning a seat on the Yerington City Council. After 3 years of service on the Yerington City Council, Assemblyman Grady was elected mayor, a position he held for 12 years. 
Assemblyman Grady’s experience as 
a local government leader qualified him for a seat in the Nevada Assembly, where he dutifully served his constitu-ents for 12 years. During his time in the legislature, Assemblyman Grady served on the Taxation, Ways and Means, and Government Affairs Com-mittee. Although I missed him by a few years in the assembly, I am proud to have served with Assemblyman Grady in Nevada State government as sec-retary of state. 
His service to his community goes far 
beyond the many positions he has held in the Silver State over the years. As-semblyman Grady also served his coun-try in the U.S. Army Reserve. I extend my deepest gratitude to him for his courageous contributions to the United States of America and to freedom-lov-ing nations around the world. His serv-ice to his country and his bravery and dedication to his family and commu-nity earn him a place among the out-standing men and women who have val-iantly defended our Nation. As a mem-ber of the Senate Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, I recognize that Con-gress has a responsibility not only to honor these brave individuals who serve America but also to ensure they are cared for when they return home. 
I am grateful for his dedication and 
commitment to the people of Yerington. He personifies the highest standards of leadership and community service and should be proud of his long and meaningful career. Today, I ask that all of my colleagues join me in congratulating Assemblyman Grady on his retirement, and I offer my deepest appreciation for all that he has done to make Nevada an even better place. I offer my best wishes to Assemblyman Grady, his wife Patricia, and their three children and seven grandchildren for many successful and fulfilling years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S541 January 27, 2015 
from the President of the United 
States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:11 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 357. An act to amend the Trafficking 
Victims Protection Act of 2000 to expand the training for Federal Government personnel related to trafficking in persons, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 468. An act to amend the Runaway 
and Homeless Youth Act to increase knowl-edge concerning, and improve services for, runaway and homeless youth who are vic-tims of trafficking. 
H.R. 514. An act to prioritize the fight 
against human trafficking within the De-partment of State according to congressional intent in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 without increasing the size of the Federal Government, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 3003, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Chairman. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6913 and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Mem-ber on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Congressional-Ex-ecutive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Mr. S
MITH of New 
Jersey, Chairman. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 357. An act to amend the Trafficking 
Victims Protection Act of 2000 to expand the training for Federal Government personnel related to trafficking in persons, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
H.R. 468. An act to amend the Runaway 
and Homeless Youth Act to increase knowl-edge concerning, and improve services for, runaway and homeless youth who are vic-tims of trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 514. An act to prioritize the fight 
against human trafficking within the De-partment of State according to congressional intent in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 without increasing the size of the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bill was read the first 
time: 
S. 272. A bill making appropriations for the 
Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for 
other purposes. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. SHELBY, from the Committee on 
Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, with-out amendment: 
S. Res. 42. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mr. P ORTMAN ): 
S. 256. A bill to amend the definition of 
‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. 
T
ESTER , and Mr. T HUNE ): 
S. 257. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act with respect to physi-cian supervision of therapeutic hospital out-patient services; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mr. 
T
ESTER , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. T HUNE , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. 
HOEVEN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
MERKLEY , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 258. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to remove the 96-hour physician certification requirement for inpa-tient critical access hospital services; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 259. A bill to modify the efficiency 
standards for grid-enabled water heaters; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself, Mr. 
PORTMAN , and Mr. T OOMEY ): 
S. 260. A bill to require the United States 
International Trade Commission to rec-ommend temporary duty suspensions and re-ductions to Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. INHOFE: 
S. 261. A bill to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. B OOKER ): 
S. 262. A bill to reauthorize the Runaway 
and Homeless Youth Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself and Mr. 
R
ISCH): 
S. 263. A bill to protect the right of individ-
uals to bear arms at water resources develop-ment projects; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself, Ms. A
YOTTE , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOZ-
MAN, Mr. B URR, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
CORNYN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. K IRK, 
Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R UBIO, 
Mr. S COTT, Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T OOMEY , 
Mr. V ITTER , Mr. P ERDUE , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 264. A bill to require a full audit of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks by the Comptroller General of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. F LAKE , and Mr. H ATCH ): 
S. 265. A bill to expand opportunity 
through greater choice in education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
N
ELSON ): 
S. 266. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to modify safe harbor re-quirements applicable to automatic con-tribution arrangements, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. TOOMEY: 
S. 267. A bill to authorize the transfer of 
certain items under the control of the Omar Bradley Foundation to the descendants of General Omar Bradley; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Ms. 
M
IKULSKI ): 
S. 268. A bill to improve the infrastructure 
of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHUMER , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
COATS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
BURR, and Mr. B LUNT ): 
S. 269. A bill to expand sanctions imposed 
with respect to Iran and to impose additional sanctions with respect to Iran, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
COONS , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
DURBIN , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
FRANKEN , and Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. 270. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to revise the definition of spouse for purposes of veterans benefits in recognition of new State definitions of spouse, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. REID (for himself and Mr. 
W
YDEN ): 
S. 271. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to permit certain retired mem-bers of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for their disability and either retired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. 
M
IKULSKI ): 
S. 272. A bill making appropriations for the 
Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; read the first time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S542 January 27, 2015 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. SHELBY: 
S. Res. 42. An original resolution author-
izing expenditures by the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; from the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 11 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 11, a bill to protect the 
separation of powers in the Constitu-tion of the United States by ensuring that the President takes care that the laws be faithfully executed, and for other purposes. 
S. 30 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 30, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the definition of full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 33 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) and the Senator 
from New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 33, a bill to provide certainty with respect to the timing of Department of Energy deci-sions to approve or deny applications to export natural gas, and for other purposes. 
S. 38 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
38, a bill to ensure that long-term un-employed individuals are not taken into account for purposes of the em-ployer health care coverage mandate. 
S. 143 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 143, a bill to allow for im-provements to the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy and for other purposes. 
S. 144 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 144, a bill to prohibit the Federal Government from mandating, incentivizing, or making financial sup-port conditioned upon a State, local educational agency, or school’s adop-tion of specific instructional content, academic standards, or curriculum, or on the administration of assessments or tests, and for other purposes. 
S. 155 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. ROBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 155, a bill to promote freedom, fair-ness, and economic opportunity by re-pealing the income tax and other taxes, abolishing the Internal Revenue Serv-ice, and enacting a national sales tax to be administered primarily by the States. 
S. 167 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
names of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ), the Senator from Massachu-
setts (Mr. M ARKEY ), the Senator from 
California (Mrs. B OXER ) and the Sen-
ator from California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 167, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan re-payment for psychiatrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Adminis-tration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 170 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
170, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the maximum age for children eligible for medical care under the CHAMPVA program, and for other purposes. 
S. 197 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 197, a bill to amend the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to award grants to States to im-prove delivery of high-quality assess-ments, and for other purposes. 
S. 201 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) and the Senator from 
Kentucky (Mr. M CCONNELL ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 201, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit taking minors across State lines in cir-cumvention of laws requiring the in-volvement of parents in abortion deci-sions. 
S. 203 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) and the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 203, a bill to restore Americans’ individual liberty by strik-ing the Federal mandate to purchase insurance. 
S. 210 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 210, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for amounts paid by a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces for a new State li-cense or certification required by rea-son of a permanent change in the duty station of such member to another 
State. S. 214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 214, a bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to re-quire shareholder authorization before a public company may make certain political expenditures, and for other purposes. 
S. 234 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 234, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act to confirm the scope of the authority of the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to deny or restrict the use of defined areas as dis-posal sites. 
S. 247 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
247, a bill to amend section 349 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to deem specified activities in support of terrorism as renunciation of United States nationality, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 255 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the 
names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) and the Senator from Maine (Mr. 
KING) were added as cosponsors of S. 
255, a bill to restore the integrity of the Fifth Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 35 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from New Jer-
sey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ), the Senator from 
Virginia (Mr. K AINE) and the Senator 
from Texas (Mr. C RUZ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. Res. 35, a resolution commemorating the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz ex-termination camp in Nazi-occupied Po-land. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 15 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 92 proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line. 
AMENDMENT NO . 156 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from 
Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ), the Senator 
from Rhode Island (Mr. W HITEHOUSE ), 
the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Delaware 
(Mr. C OONS ), the Senator from New 
York (Mr. S CHUMER ), the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S543 January 27, 2015 
New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ), the Sen-
ator from West Virginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ), 
the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ), the Senator from Wisconsin 
(Ms. B ALDWIN ), the Senator from Maine 
(Mr. K ING), the Senator from Vermont 
(Mr. L EAHY ), the Senator from Con-
necticut (Mr. M URPHY ), the Senator 
from California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ), the 
Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M AR-
KEY), the Senator from Washington 
(Mrs. M URRAY ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 156 intended to be proposed to S. 1, a bill to approve the Keystone XL Pipe-line. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mr. P ORTMAN ): 
S. 256. A bill to amend the definition 
of ‘‘homeless person’’ under the McKin-ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to include certain homeless children and youth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise today to introduce bipartisan leg-islation with my colleague Senator P
ORTMAN that would expand the defini-
tion of ‘‘homeless’’ used by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment, HUD, to ensure all home-less children and families are consid-ered eligible for existing Federal home-less assistance programs. This change in the definition would be in alignment with what is already currently used by the U.S. Department of Education. 
According to the U.S. Department of 
Education, approximately 1.2 million children were homeless during the 2012– 2013 school year, which accounts fora 6 percent increase from the 1,166,436 homeless students enrolled in the 2011– 2012 school year. 
In California, 259,656 children experi-
enced homelessness last year. This in-crease is nearly four times the 65,000 homeless children that were reported in California in 2003. 
Unfortunately, the numbers reported 
by the HUD ‘‘Point-in-Time Count’’ fail to accurately reflect the upward trend in homeless families. 
According to the 2013 HUD ‘‘Point-in- 
Time Count,’’ there were only 222,197 people counted as homeless in house-holds that included children, a fraction of the number reported by the Depart-ment of Education. 
This issue is important because only 
those children and their families counted by HUD are eligible for vital homeless assistance programs. The rest of these children and families are sim-ply out of luck and are turned away by providers that do not want to be rep-rimanded for not following HUD regu-lations. 
The Homeless Children and Youth 
Act of 2015 would expand the homeless definition to allow HUD funded home-less assistance programs to serve ex-tremely vulnerable children and fami-
lies, specifically those staying in self- paid motels or in doubled up situations because they have nowhere else to go. 
These families are especially suscep-
tible to physical and sexual abuse, traf-ficking, and neglect because they are often not served by a case manager, and thus remain hidden from potential social service providers. 
As a result of the current narrow 
HUD definition, communities that re-ceive federal funding through the dis-cretionary grant process are unable to prioritize or direct resources to help these children and families. 
This bill would provide communities 
with the flexibility to use federal funds to meet local priorities. 
I would also like to note that this 
legislation comes at no additional cost to taxpayers and does not impose any new mandates on service providers. 
Finally, this legislation improves 
data collection transparency by requir-ing HUD to report data on homeless in-dividuals and families currently re-corded under the existing Homeless Management Information System sur-vey. 
I am pleased that Senator R
OB 
PORTMAN (R–OH) has joined me as an 
original cosponsor on this bill. 
Homelessness continues to plague 
our Nation. If we fail to address the needs of these children and families today, they will remain invisible and stuck in a cycle of poverty and chronic homelessness. 
It is our responsibility to ensure that 
we do not erect more barriers for these children and families to access services when they are experiencing extreme hardship. I believe this bill is a com-monsense solution that will ensure that homeless families and children can receive the help they need. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 256 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Homeless 
Children and Youth Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO THE MCKINNEY-VENTO 
HOMELESS ASSISTANCE ACT. 
The McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance 
Act (42 U.S.C. 11301 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 103— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (5)(A)— (I) by striking ‘‘are sharing’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘charitable organizations,’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘14 days’’ each place that 
term appears and inserting ‘‘30 days’’; 
(III) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after 
the semicolon; 
(IV) by striking clause (ii); and (V) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause 
(ii); and 
(ii) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) unaccompanied youth and homeless 
families with children and youth defined as homeless under other Federal statutes who— ‘‘(A) are certified as homeless by the direc-
tor or designee of a director of a program funded under any other Federal statute; or 
‘‘(B) have been certified by a director or 
designee of a director of a program funded under this Act or a director or designee of a director of a public housing agency as lack-ing a fixed, regular, and adequate nighttime residence, which shall include— 
‘‘(i) temporarily sharing the housing of an-
other person due to loss of housing, eco-nomic hardship, or other similar reason; or 
‘‘(ii) living in a room in a motel or hotel.’’; 
and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘other Federal statute’ has 
the meaning given that term in section 401; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘public housing agency’ 
means an agency described in section 3(b)(6) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437a(b)(6)).’’; 
(2) in section 401— (A) in paragraph (1)(C)— (i) by striking clause (iv); and (ii) by redesignating clauses (v), (vi), and 
(vii) as clauses (iv), (v), and (vi); 
(B) in paragraph (7)— (i) by striking ‘‘Federal statute other than 
this subtitle’’ and inserting ‘‘other Federal statute’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘of’’ before ‘‘this Act’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (14) 
through (33) as paragraphs (15) through (34), respectively; and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (13) the 
following: 
‘‘(14) O
THER FEDERAL STATUTE .—The term 
‘other Federal statute’ includes— 
‘‘(A) the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act 
(42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et 
seq.); 
‘‘(C) subtitle N of the Violence Against 
Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 14043e et seq.); 
‘‘(D) section 330(h) of the Public Health 
Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b(h)); 
‘‘(E) section 17 of the Child Nutrition Act 
of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1786); 
‘‘(F) the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 
U.S.C. 1001 et seq.); and 
‘‘(G) subtitle B of title VII of this Act.’’; (3) by inserting after section 408 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 409. AVAILABILITY OF HMIS REPORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The information pro-
vided to the Secretary under section 402(f)(3) shall be made publically available on the Internet website of the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development in aggregate, non-personally identifying reports. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED DATA.—Each report made 
publically available under subsection (a) shall be updated on at least an annual basis and shall include— 
‘‘(1) a cumulative count of the number of 
individuals and families experiencing home-lessness; 
‘‘(2) a cumulative assessment of the pat-
terns of assistance provided under subtitles B and C for the each geographic area in-volved; and 
‘‘(3) a count of the number of individuals 
and families experiencing homelessness that are documented through the HMIS by each collaborative applicant.’’; 
(4) in section 422— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTION .—In awarding grants 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary may not consider or prioritize the specific homeless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S544 January 27, 2015 
populations intended to be served by the ap-
plicant if the applicant demonstrates that the project— 
‘‘(A) would meet the priorities identified in 
the plan submitted under section 427(b)(1)(B); and 
‘‘(B) is cost-effective in meeting the over-
all goals and objectives identified in that plan.’’; and 
(B) by striking subsection (j); (5) in section 424(d), by striking paragraph 
(5); 
(6) in section 427(b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (vi), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(II) in clause (vii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(III) by striking clause (viii); (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(II) in clause (iv)(VI), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(III) by striking clause (v); (iii) in subparagraph (E), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(iv) by striking subparagraph (F); and (v) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as 
subparagraph (F); and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3); and (7) by amending section 433 to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘SEC. 433. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall sub-
mit to Congress an annual report, which shall— 
‘‘(1) summarize the activities carried out 
under this subtitle and set forth the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Secretary as a result of the activities; and 
‘‘(2) include, for the year preceding the 
date on which the report is submitted— 
‘‘(A) data required to be made publically 
available in the report under section 409; and 
‘‘(B) data on programs funded under any 
other Federal statute, as such term is de-fined in section 401. 
‘‘(b) T
IMING .—A report under subsection (a) 
shall be submitted not later than 4 months after the end of each fiscal year.’’. 
By Mr. INHOFE: 
S. 261. A bill to designate the United 
States courthouse located at 200 NW 4th Street in Oklahoma City, Okla-homa, as the William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I am in-
troducing a bill to name the Federal courthouse serving the Western Dis-trict of Oklahoma after the late Judge William J. Holloway. 
This legislation has the support of 
the judges on the Western District, re-tired Judge Ralph Thompson who served on the bench in the Western Dis-trict for from 1975 to 2007, and many in the legal community in the Western District of Oklahoma. 
Judge Holloway was born in Hugo, 
OK, and his father was the eighth gov-ernor of the State of Oklahoma. He served in the U.S. Army during the height of World War II, received his law degree from Harvard University in 1950, and worked in private practice with a 2-year stint for the Department of Jus-tice. President Lyndon Johnson nomi-nated Judge Holloway to the 10th Cir-cuit in August 1968, and the Senate confirmed him on September 13, 1968, 
where he served as chief judge from 1984 to 1991. Judge Holloway assumed senior status in May 1992 and passed away April 25, 2014, in Oklahoma City. 
Judge Holloway was the longest serv-
ing judge on the 10th Circuit, and dur-ing his service, he authored over 900 opinions. He was well regarded by all who worked with him, appeared before him, and knew him. I have not found a person knowledgeable of Judge Hollo-way or his service who could not un-equivocally tell you that Judge Hollo-way adhered to precedent when decid-ing cases. He did not proclaim any type of philosophy. As new 10th Circuit Judge Robert Bacharach described Judge Holloway, ‘‘He simply decided cases by asking ‘What does the statute say? What does the Constitution say? What are the facts of this case?’’ We know that is a high standard, and a standard lost sometimes in our judici-ary. 
When he passed away last year, 10th 
Circuit Judge Jerome Holmes said of Judge Holloway, ‘‘The nation has lost a thoughtful, dedicated, and compas-sionate jurist, and, as a former law clerk of Judge Holloway, I have lost a mentor, dear friend, and colleague. I know that Judge Holloway was very honored to serve his nation as a judge on the Tenth Circuit, and he served with great distinction.’’ 
On behalf of Judge Holloway and his 
family, I introduce this bill in his honor. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill and a let-ter of support be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 261 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. WILLIAM J. HOLLOWAY, JR. UNITED 
STATES COURTHOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The United States court-
house located at 200 NW 4th Street in Okla-homa City, Oklahoma, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the United States courthouse referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse’’. 
U.S. D ISTRICT COURT , 
WESTERN DISTRICT OF OKLAHOMA , 
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, August 14, 2014. 
Hon. J AMES M. I NHOFE , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATOR INHOFE : We are writing to 
respectfully request that the United States Courthouse in Oklahoma City be named the ‘‘William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse.’’ Judge Holloway died on April 25, 2014, at the age of 90. At that time, he was the longest serving judge in the history of the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, having served for over 45 years. During his remark-able tenure on the court, Judge Holloway au-thored over 900 opinions and participated in 
the decision of thousands more. 
Judge Holloway was a kind, compassionate 
man who quietly and diligently spent his lifetime working for justice. He did so with-out fanfare, seeking only to fulfill the great responsibility given to him. Though Judge Holloway is deceased, we can think of no more noble name for our courthouse than the ‘‘William J. Holloway, Jr. United States Courthouse.’’ He embodied every trait that all federal judges should strive to achieve. 
This request is made by every federal judge 
in Oklahoma City. Please do not hesitate to contact any of us if you have any questions about our request. 
Yours very truly, 
Jerome A. Holmes, U.S. Circuit Judge; 
Vicki Miles-LaGrange, Chief U.S. Dis-trict Judge; Robert E. Bacharach, U.S. Circuit Judge; Robin J. Cauthron, U.S. District Judge; Stephen P. Friot, U.S. District Judge; Timothy D. DeGiusti, U.S. District Judge; David L. Russell, Senior U.S. District Judge; Gary M. Purcell, Chief U.S. Magistrate Judge; Suzanne Mitchell, U.S. Magistrate Judge; Sarah Hall, Chief U.S. Bank-ruptcy Judge; Joe Heaton, U.S. District Judge; Lee R. West, Senior U.S. Dis-trict Judge; Tim Leonard, Senior U.S. District Judge; Shon T. Erwin, U.S. Magistrate Judge; Charles B. Goodwin, U.S. Magistrate Judge; Niles L. Jack-son, U.S. Bankruptcy Judge. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Ms. 
COLLINS , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. 
BOOKER ): 
S. 262. A bill to reauthorize the Run-
away and Homeless Youth Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I am 
proud today to introduce the Leahy- Collins Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act. It is deplorable that in the wealthiest coun-try in the world, 1.6 million teenagers live on the streets because they have no home. We know that those who do not have a safe place to sleep at night are particularly vulnerable to being ex-ploited and trafficked. A recent study found that nearly one in four homeless young people have been victims of traf-ficking or sexual exploitation. We often talk about human trafficking as an international problem, but the sad truth is that it is a major problem right here at home. It is time we pro-vide the resources to help protect our children from this very real threat. 
The Runaway Youth Act, first signed 
into law in 1974, has proven essential to providing the basic services and re-sources that runaway and homeless youth need, and our continued support is vital. Thirty-nine percent of the homeless population is under the age of 18, and the average age at which a teen becomes homeless is 14.7 years old. Think about that. The average teen living on the streets is not even old enough to drive. These young people represent our country’s future and its optimism, and as a father and a grand-father, I believe that we must do more to address the needs of the 1.6 million homeless youth in our country. 
Teens run away and become homeless 
for myriad reasons. A U.S. Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S545 January 27, 2015 
of Health and Human Services study 
found that 46 percent of homeless youth had run away because of phys-ical abuse and 17 percent because of sexual abuse. Nearly 40 percent of homeless youth identify as LGBT and report leaving home because of a lack of acceptance. By including a new pro-vision that prohibits grantees from de-nying services based on the sexual ori-entation or gender identity of the homeless youth, this bill takes impor-tant new steps to make sure that we are meeting the needs of this growing and particularly vulnerable population. No young person should be turned away from these essential services. 
We have made great strides in recent 
years in our efforts to combat human trafficking. Most recently, we reau-thorized the comprehensive Trafficking Victims Protection Act, a bipartisan bill I introduced and was proud to see enacted as part of the Leahy-Crapo Vi-olence Against Women Reauthorization Act. And last year, we saw historic lev-
els of funding for victims of traf-ficking, an urgently needed increase that I was proud to support as the most senior member of the Appropriations Committee. But we must not forget the importance of investing in prevention efforts as well, and I was disappointed that Congress failed to pass the bipar-tisan Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act. If we are to make a real difference to end modern day slavery, we must protect those who are most vulnerable and pre-vent the exploitation in the first place. We cannot simply focus on ending de-mand and arrest our way out of this problem; we must eliminate the condi-tions that make these children so vul-nerable. That means investing in stable housing and support services for more kids in need; we are not doing enough. I hope that we can finally enact this meaningful bill in 2015. 
In addition to the dangers of human 
trafficking, homeless youth are at greater risk of suicide, unintended pregnancy, and substance abuse. They are less likely to finish school, more likely to enter our juvenile justice sys-tem, and are often ill-equipped to find a job. The services authorized by this bill are designed to intervene early and encourage the development of success-ful, productive young adults. 
I have heard from dozens of service 
providers from across the country, in-cluding in my home state of Vermont, that these programs work. I am proud to say that last year, 95 percent of youth receiving services from the Vermont Coalition for Runaway and Homeless Youth Programs were able to exit to a safe living situation upon their completion of programming. Without the programs funded through the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, hundreds of thousands of children would be left on the street and vulner-able to exploitation. Congress has an opportunity to respond in a meaningful and historic way. 
I thank Senators C
OLLINS , BOOKER , 
and A YOTTE for working with me on this legislation and for joining me as 
original cosponsors. We have the chance to make a real difference by passing the Runway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act. Every day we wait is another night too many children are sleeping on the streets. 
By Mr. REID (for himself and Mr. 
WYDEN ): 
S. 271. A bill to amend title 10, 
United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed serv-ices who have a service-connected dis-ability to receive both disability com-pensation from the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for their disability and ei-ther retired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat- Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
on behalf of our Nation’s veterans to once again discuss the unjust and out-dated policy of failing to give our vet-erans the full military retirement and veterans disability compensation bene-fits that they have earned in their service to the Nation. Full payment of retirement and disability benefits, to-gether known as ‘‘concurrent receipt,’’ is an issue that I have strongly advo-cated for more than a decade. 
In the past, veterans were prevented 
from receiving the full pay and benefits they earned in dedicated service to our country. The law required that mili-tary retirement pay be reduced dollar- for-dollar by the amount of any dis-ability compensation a veteran re-ceived. I am pleased to say that many Senators have joined me in fighting this policy, and we have made some progress on behalf of our Nation’s vet-erans 
In 2003, Congress passed legislation 
that allowed disabled retired veterans with at least a 50 percent disability rating to become eligible for full con-current receipt benefits by 2013. In 2004, the 10-year phase-in period was elimi-nated for veterans with 100 percent service-related disability. With the phase-in period now complete, I am deeply gratified that all those veterans with over 50 percent disability ratings are now receiving the full benefits they earned from their service. These are significant victories that put hundreds of thousands of veterans on track to re-ceive both their retirement and dis-ability benefits. However, many more of our veterans remain unjustly im-pacted by the denial of concurrent re-ceipt. 
For me, this is a simple matter of 
fairness. There is no reason to deny a veteran who has served their country honorably the right to the full value of their retirement pay simply because their service also resulted in a dis-ability that affects them each and every day for the rest of their lives. 
Unfortunately, that is exactly what the current law does. This legislation will bring that indefensible practice to an end. This is not a partisan issue. Our Na-
tion has been at war for over a decade, through both Republican and Demo-cratic administrations, and our service members have performed with un-matched valor around the world. Our utmost duty as lawmakers should be to ensure that the brave men and women who served in the United States Armed Forces receive the benefits they have earned. 
So once again, I rise on behalf of our 
Nation’s veterans. Today, I introduce legislation that will eliminate all limi-tations to concurrent receipt. We must take action now to support our vet-erans who have never faltered in their unwavering service to this grateful Na-tion. This is the right thing to do. 
I hope my Senate colleagues will join 
me in supporting this bill. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 271 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Retired Pay 
Restoration Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIGIBILITY FOR PAYMENT OF BOTH RE-
TIRED PAY AND VETERANS’ DIS-ABILITY COMPENSATION FOR CER-TAIN MILITARY RETIREES WITH COMPENSABLE SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF CONCURRENT RECEIPT AU-
THORITY TO RETIREES WITH SERVICE -CON-
NECTED DISABILITIES RATED LESS THAN 50 
PERCENT .— 
(1) R EPEAL OF 50 PERCENT REQUIREMENT .— 
Section 1414 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2) of sub-section (a). 
(2) C
OMPUTATION .—Paragraph (1) of sub-
section (c) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(G) For a month for which the retiree re-
ceives veterans’ disability compensation for a disability rated as 40 percent or less or has a service-connected disability rated as zero percent, $0.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) The heading of section 1414 of such title 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 1414. Members eligible for retired pay who 
are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: concurrent payment of re-tired pay and disability compensation’’. 
(2) The item relating to such section in the 
table of sections at the beginning of chapter 71 of such title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘1414. Members eligible for retired pay who 
are also eligible for veterans’ disability compensation: con-current payment of retired pay and disability compensation.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2016, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
SEC. 3. COORDINATION OF SERVICE ELIGIBILITY 
FOR COMBAT-RELATED SPECIAL COMPENSATION AND CONCURRENT RECEIPT. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TOSTANDARDIZE SIMILAR  
PROVISIONS .— 
(1) Q UALIFIED RETIREES .—Subsection (a) of 
section 1414 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 2(a), is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S546 January 27, 2015 
(A) by striking ‘‘a member or’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘retiree’)’’ and inserting ‘‘a qualified retiree’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED RETIREES .—For purposes of 
this section, a qualified retiree, with respect to any month, is a member or former mem-ber of the uniformed services who— 
‘‘(A) is entitled to retired pay (other than 
by reason of section 12731b of this title); and 
‘‘(B) is also entitled for that month to vet-
erans’ disability compensation.’’. 
(2) D
ISABILITY RETIREES .—Paragraph (2) of 
subsection (b) of section 1414 of such title is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR RETIREES WITH  
FEWER THAN 20 YEARS OF SERVICE .—The re-
tired pay of a qualified retiree who is retired under chapter 61 of this title with fewer than 20 years of creditable service is subject to re-duction by the lesser of— 
‘‘(A) the amount of the reduction under 
sections 5304 and 5305 of title 38; or 
‘‘(B) the amount (if any) by which the 
amount of the member’s retired pay under such chapter exceeds the amount equal to 2
1⁄2 
percent of the member’s years of creditable service multiplied by the member’s retired pay base under section 1406(b)(1) or 1407 of this title, whichever is applicable to the member.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2016, and shall apply to payments for months beginning on or after that date. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 42—AUTHOR-
IZING EXPENDITURES BY THE COMMITTEE ON BANKING, HOUS-ING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS 
Mr. SHELBY submitted the following 
resolution; from the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administration: 
S. R ES. 42 
Resolved, 
SECTION 1. GENERAL AUTHORITY. 
In carrying out its powers, duties, and 
functions under the Standing Rules of the Senate, in accordance with its jurisdiction under rule XXV of the Standing Rules of the Senate, including holding hearings, report-ing such hearings, and making investiga-tions as authorized by paragraphs 1 and 8 of rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘committee’’) is authorized from March 1, 2015 through February 28, 2017, in its discretion, to— 
(1) make expenditures from the contingent 
fund of the Senate; 
(2) employ personnel; and (3) with the prior consent of the Govern-
ment department or agency concerned and the Committee on Rules and Administration, use on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis the services of personnel of any such department or agency. 
SEC. 2. EXPENSES. 
(a) E XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING SEP-
TEMBER 30, 2015.—The expenses of the com-
mittee for the period March 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015 under this resolution shall not exceed $3,119,153, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $8,370 may be expended for 
the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative 
Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $503 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(b) E
XPENSES FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 P E-
RIOD.—The expenses of the committee for the 
period October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016 under this resolution shall not exceed $5,347,119, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $14,348 may be expended 
for the procurement of the services of indi-vidual consultants, or organizations thereof (as authorized by section 202(i) of the Legis-lative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $861 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
(c) E
XPENSES FOR PERIOD ENDING FEBRUARY  
28, 2017.—The expenses of the committee for the period October 1, 2016 through February 28, 2017 under this resolution shall not exceed $2,227,966, of which amount— 
(1) not to exceed $5,978 may be expended for 
the procurement of the services of individual consultants, or organizations thereof (as au-thorized by section 202(i) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4301(i))); and 
(2) not to exceed $358 may be expended for 
the training of the professional staff of the committee (under procedures specified by section 202(j) of that Act). 
SEC. 3. REPORTING LEGISLATION. 
The committee shall report its findings, 
together with such recommendations for leg-islation as it deems advisable, to the Senate at the earliest practicable date, but not later than February 28, 2017. 
SEC. 4. EXPENSES AND AGENCY CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) E XPENSES OF THE COMMITTEE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), expenses of the committee under this resolution shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the chairman of the committee. 
(2) V
OUCHERS NOT REQUIRED .—Vouchers 
shall not be required for— 
(A) the disbursement of salaries of employ-
ees paid at an annual rate; 
(B) the payment of telecommunications 
provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(C) the payment of stationery supplies pur-
chased through the Keeper of the Stationery; 
(D) payments to the Postmaster of the 
Senate; 
(E) the payment of metered charges on 
copying equipment provided by the Office of the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper; 
(F) the payment of Senate Recording and 
Photographic Services; or 
(G) the payment of franked and mass mail 
costs by the Sergeant at Arms and Door-keeper. 
(b) A
GENCY CONTRIBUTIONS .—There are au-
thorized to be paid from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Inves-tigations’’ of the Senate such sums as may be necessary for agency contributions re-lated to the compensation of employees of the committee— 
(1) for the period March 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2015; 
(2) for the period October 1, 2015 through 
September 30, 2016; and 
(3) for the period October 1, 2016 through 
February 28, 2017. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 243. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 73 proposed by Mr. M ORAN  
(for himself and Mr. C RUZ) to the amendment 
SA 2 proposed by Ms. M URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. 
LEE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill 
S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 244. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra; which 
was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 245. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B AR-
RASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra. 
SA 246. Mr. DAINES proposed an amend-
ment to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
GARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, supra. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 243. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
amendment SA 73 proposed by Mr. M
ORAN (for himself and Mr. C RUZ) to 
the amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the amendment, add the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. l. PROHIBITION ON LISTING THE NORTH-
ERN LONG-EARED BAT AS AN EN-DANGERED SPECIES. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law (including regulations), the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall not list the northern long-eared bat as an endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
SA 244. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. l. PROHIBITION ON LISTING THE NORTH-
ERN LONG-EARED BAT AS AN EN-DANGERED SPECIES. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law (including regulations), the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall not list the northern long-eared bat as an endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
SA 245. Mr. BARRASSO submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S547 January 27, 2015 
amendment SA 2 proposed by Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI (for herself, Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
BARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. L EE, Mr. 
FLAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
CASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mrs. C APITO ) to 
the bill S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. NO EFFECT ON INDIAN TREATIES. 
Nothing in this Act may change, suspend, 
supersede, or abrogate any trust obligation or treaty requirement of the United States with respect to any Indian nation without consultation with the applicable Indian na-tion, as required under Executive Order 13175 (67 Fed. Reg. 67249) (November 6, 2000). 
SA 246. Mr. DAINES proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 2 pro-posed by Ms. M
URKOWSKI (for herself, 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. R ISCH, 
Mr. L EE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. G ARDNER , 
Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and 
Mrs. C APITO ) to the bill S. 1, to approve 
the Keystone XL Pipeline; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. l. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING REAU-
THORIZATION OF LAND AND WATER CONSERVATION FUND. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) the Land and Water Conservation Fund 
plays an important role in improving wild-life habitat and increasing outdoor recre-ation opportunities on Federal and State land; and 
(2) reauthorizing the Land and Water Con-
servation Fund should be a priority for Con-gress and should include improvements to the structure of the program to more effec-tively manage existing Federal land. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 27, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 27, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Perspectives on the Strategic Necessity of Iran Sanctions.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to 
meet during the session of the Senate on January 27, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘President Obama’s 2015 Trade Policy Agenda.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 27, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Fix-ing No Child Left Behind: Supporting Teachers and School Leaders.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on January 27, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Mary Future and Carter Burwell, detailees from the Department of Justice, be given the privileges of the floor during the 114th Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEASURE READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 272 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
understand that S. 272, introduced ear-lier today by Senator S
HAHEEN , is at 
the desk, and I ask for its first reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the first time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 272) making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I now ask for its 
second reading, and I object to my own 
request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be read for the second 
time on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JANUARY 28, 2015 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
now ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business 
today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, January 28; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be re-served for their use later in the day; and that the Senate then be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the Re-publicans controlling the first half and the Democrats controlling the final half; and that following morning busi-ness, the Senate then resume consider-ation of S. 1 under the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Washington. 
f 
THE AMENDMENT PROCESS 
Ms. CANTWELL. If I could, I want to 
say to our colleagues who may have been following this process that we en-courage people who haven’t spoken or who plan on speaking to come down to the floor and do so. 
I appreciate the Senator from Alaska 
working with us on this amendment process today. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, it 
has been a long day and we are at the end, but as Members can see, we have a path forward tomorrow, and I think that is good. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 9:10 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, January 28, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
RICHARD T. JULIUS, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OVER-SIGHT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING SEPTEMBER 14, 2019, VICE RAYMOND T. WAGNER, JR., TERM EXPIRED. 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
ALBERT STANLEY MEIBURG, OF GEORGIA, TO BE DEP-
UTY ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTEC-TION AGENCY, VICE ROBERT PERCIASEPE, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
STUART F. DELERY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, 
TO BE ASSOCIATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE DEREK AN-THONY WEST, RESIGNED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jan 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD15\S27JA5.REC S27JA5ejoyner on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E117 January 27, 2015 
RECOGNIZING KIWANIS 
INTERNATIONAL 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
a privilege for me to recognize the 100th anni-versary of Kiwanis International. Annually, Kiwanis clubs in 80 countries raise more than $100 million and dedicate more than 18 million volunteer hours to strengthen communities and serve children. 
Meeting the needs of children has always 
been one of Kiwanis members’ foremost prior-ities. Under their new motto, ‘‘Serving the Chil-dren of the World,’’ Kiwanis members have helped to establish programs that ensure the health and education of young children. In Central Florida, Kiwanis members generously give their time and resources to provide schol-arships and community-building opportunities for local students, as well as care for the un-derprivileged. 
Kiwanis members’ commitment to serving 
their neighbors and the self-sacrifice that en-tails represents what is good and noble in our nation. There are children and others whose lives have been permanently impacted for good by the work of Kiwanis members. 
I am truly grateful for the Kiwanis Club 
members of Central Florida. Our community is stronger, and the future of our youth is bright-er because of their service. 
f 
COMBATTING HUMAN TRAF-
FICKING IN THE UNITED STATES 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, this week the 
House is considering 12 bills designed to fight the growing problem of human trafficking in the United States. These bipartisan bills will provide support and services to the victims of trafficking crimes and boost resources for law enforcement. 
According to the FBI, sex trafficking is the 
fastest-growing business of organized crime and the third-largest criminal enterprise in the world. More than 300,000 American children are at risk of becoming victims of sex traf-ficking annually in what is estimated to be a $9.8 billion industry. 
Human trafficking is modern day slavery 
that preys on vulnerable individuals, and this epidemic is not isolated to far-off places. It is happening every day in the places we call home. 
As we take steps at the federal level to end 
this despicable and horrifying practice, there are many organizations dedicated to helping victims and preventing even more people from being mistreated. Earlier this month in Rowan County, North 
Carolina, nearly 200 supporters gathered to hear testimonies from human trafficking sur-vivors as well as discuss ways to increase awareness and assist victims in the local com-munity at the Triad Ladder of Hope’s First An-nual Human Trafficking Awareness Gala. 
And today I’m wearing a bracelet made from 
recycled soda tabs that was designed by Mon-arch, a Christian ministry that creates acces-sories as a unique way to engage in the fight against human trafficking. 
As the charm on this bracelet reminds us, 
there is hope that lives discarded can be re-claimed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE NATIONAL FED-ERATION OF THE BLIND 
HON. CHAKA FATTAH 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. FATTAH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to the National Federation of the Blind. 
For 75 years NFB has served as the voice 
of the blind in Washington and through their affiliate organizations in every state across the country. I congratulate them on this milestone of service, their advocacy efforts on behalf of blind Americans, and their continued work to make our communities more just, equal, and safe for blind individuals. 
As the largest organization of blind and low- 
vision people in the country, NFB works day in and day out to change what it means to be blind and to help realize the complete integra-tion of blind individuals into society. 
On this 75th anniversary, I join in cele-
brating the National Federation of the Blind’s long-list of achievements and look forward to their continued success representing the mil-lion-plus blind individuals in the United States. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SPECIALIST JOSHUA 
FERNANDEZ 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to draw 
the attention of the House of Representatives to the remarkable performance of one of my constituents, Specialist Joshua Fernandez, proudly serving in the California National Guard. A native of Soledad, California, Spe-cialist Fernandez was selected as the 2015 California National Guard Soldier of the Year. This title is only bestowed to those soldiers who emerge victorious from the Guard’s Best Warrior Competition; a grueling, four-day con-test that includes a 6-mile road march, a chemical, biological, radiological and nuclear knowledge report, and a series of physical fit-
ness and rifle and pistol competitions. 
SPC Joshua Fernandez serves as a Team 
Leader with Alpha Company, 1st Battalion, 184th Infantry Regiment. He served three years active duty service at Fort Stewart, Georgia with the 3rd Infantry Division prior to enlisting in the California Army National Guard. He has served in one combat deploy-ment during Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan attached to a Special Operations Task Force. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute Specialist 
Joshua Fernandez for his steadfast commit-ment to service to our great Nation on behalf of the House of Representatives. He is a shin-ing example of the dedication and sacrifices made by the men and women who serve in United States Armed Forces. 
f 
STRENGTHENING CHILD WELFARE 
RESPONSE TO TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in support of H.R. 469, Strength-ening Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015. Human trafficking is a form of modern-day slavery. This bill would make it possible to accurately identify and help chil-dren from the child welfare system who are trafficked into the sex trade. 
The sickening fact is that human trafficking 
is a big, booming business—trafficking a child for sex can be more lucrative than drug traf-ficking. This is why I am glad to join my col-leagues, Democrats and Republicans, in tak-ing additional steps to protect our sons and daughters from this horrible crime. 
As we recognize January as Human Traf-
ficking Awareness month, I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bipartisan legis-lation so that we may protect our most vulner-able children, including those in the foster care system, who have been victimized through no fault of their own. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,086,335,602,055.12. We’ve 
added $7,459,458,553,142.04 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:21 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JA8.001 E27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E118 January 27, 2015 
have avoided with a balanced budget amend-
ment. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF MR. 
CUB, ERNIE BANKS 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the extraordinary life and accomplishments of Ernie Banks—known by Chicagoans as ‘‘Mr. Cub.’’ 
Chicago lost a true hero and friend when 
Ernie Banks passed away on Friday, January 23. His baseball accomplishments are leg-endary. During his playing days, cheers would always erupt at Wrigley Field when Banks would make a clutch hit or a spectacular div-ing catch. His greatness was well acknowl-edged: Banks was voted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame in 1977—the very first year he was eligible. 
While Banks excelled on the field, he also 
blazed a trail off of it. As the first African- American player for the Chicago Cubs, he was a pioneer in our community and across the country. Banks treated people well, got along with most everyone and stood for justice even as he faced discrimination. During road trips, hotels and restaurants open to his white team-mates were often closed to him and other Afri-can-Americans. I am happy to see how far we have come as a country throughout the course of his career and his lifetime. 
Banks founded the Ernie Banks Live Above 
and Beyond Foundation, which helps promote social welfare and assist youth and seniors who may need assistance. I know he was very proud of the young players on Chicago’s own Jackie Robinson West team who won the Lit-tle League championship last year. 
According to Fox Chicago, Jackie Robinson 
West player Lawrence Noble said, ‘I met [Ernie Banks] during the summer and he was such an inspirational person to me, it was just very sad hearing that he passed away.’ 
It’s clear that the next generation appre-
ciates the impact of Mr. Cub. We can honor the legacy of Mr. Cub by doing our own part to break down barriers and build a better com-munity. We will miss you, Ernie. 
f 
MISSING CHILDREN’S ASSISTANCE 
ACT AMENDMENT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 246, a bill ‘‘To Improve The Response To Victims Of Child Sex Traf-ficking,’’ which broadens the issues to be re-ported on the federal tip line on Internet-re-lated child sexual exploitation run by the Na-tional Center for Missing and Exploited Chil-dren to explicitly include child sex trafficking— specifically, by replacing the term ‘‘child pros-titution’’ with the term ‘‘child sex trafficking, in-cluding child prostitution.’’ 
Trafficking in humans is a major problem 
across the globe and in our own country. As lawmakers, we have a moral responsibility to 
combat this scourge and protect our children, especially those without parents to care for them, from being exploited and falling through the cracks. 
As the Founder and Chair of the Congres-
sional Children’s Caucus, I understand how important it is to defend those who are too young to defend themselves. 
This problem is personal for me because 
according to the U.S. Department of Justice, my home city of Houston, Texas is the epi-center of human trafficking in the United States with over 200 active brothels in Hous-ton and two new ones opening each month. 
Houston has also surpassed Las Vegas for 
the dubious distinction of having the most strip clubs and illicit spas serving as fronts for sex trafficking. 
Human trafficking in Texas is not limited to 
Houston. During the 2011 Dallas Super Bowl, 133 underage arrests for prostitution were made and during this year’s massive effort ‘‘Operation Cross Country’’ led by the FBI, several pimps were arrested. 
Between 1998 and 2003 more than 500 
people from 18 countries were ensnared in 57 forced labor operations in almost a dozen cit-ies throughout the State of Texas. 
The Justice Department’s Internet Crimes 
against Children Task Force (which coordi-nates with 61 federal, state and local law en-forcement task forces) reports that the number of child victims of prostitution increased by more than 900% between 2004 and 2008. 
Currently, our state child welfare systems do 
not properly identify and help the children that have been taken by this horrible industry. 
Even more disturbing is that the protections 
provided by our child welfare systems often do not extend to young victims of trafficking. 
Hard as it is to believe, in some states traf-
ficked youths are not even regarded or classi-fied as victims. 
Rather, they are treated as youthful offend-
ers and consigned to the criminal justice sys-tem. 
These kids are not criminals. They are vic-
tims, robbed of their innocence by adult crimi-nals. 
They are boys and girls who have been 
taken advantage of and are unable to escape an ugly system. 
I support H.R. 246 because it is focused on 
using technology to minimize the sex traf-ficking of vulnerable children and empowers people by giving the opportunity and means to report suspicious activity. 
Under current law, the Health and Human 
Services Department (HHS) provides an an-nual grant to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children for a range of activi-ties, including running a tip line that allows on-line users and Internet service providers to re-port Internet-related child sexual exploitation. 
This tip line includes reports on child por-
nography, online enticement of children for sexual acts, child prostitution, sex tourism in-volving children, extra familial child sexual mo-lestation, unsolicited obscene material sent to a child, misleading domain names and mis-leading words or digital images on the Inter-net. 
I strongly support H.R. 246 and urge my 
colleague to join me in voting for its passage which will help bring an end to the evil prac-tice that is child sex trafficking. INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT 
OF COLUMBIA BUDGET AUTON-OMY ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, District of Co-
lumbia residents raise billions of dollars annu-ally for their local budget, and, like Americans everywhere, claim the right to control the funds they themselves raise to support their city as fundamental to their American citizen-ship. Therefore, today I introduce the District of Columbia Budget Autonomy Act of 2015, the second bill I introduce this Congress, to allow the District’s local-taxpayer-raised budg-et to take effect immediately when passed by the city, without being subject to congressional approval. 
Control over the dollars raised by local tax-
payers is central to local control, the oldest 
American government principle. Beyond this core principle, permitting the city’s local budg-et to become law without a redundant con-gressional approval would have multiple prac-tical benefits for both the city and Congress. For the city, a timely budget means eliminating the uncertainty of the congressional approval process, which has a significant negative ef-fect on the city’s bond rating, adding unneces-sary interest costs for local taxpayers; improv-ing the District’s ability to make accurate rev-enue forecasts; and reducing the countless operational problems that result when the city’s budget cannot be implemented until Congress approves it (even when it is not de-layed, which rarely occurs). Also of major im-portance, the bill would permit the District to use the typical state and local government fis-cal year (July 1–June 30), which is used to provide ample time to prepare for the opening of schools in September, instead of the cur-rent federal fiscal year (October 1–September 30), used for the convenience of Members of Congress, not the needs of the city. Moreover, the D.C. local budget consumes valuable sub-committee, committee, and floor time in both houses of Congress, the most inefficient and redundant annual process in the Congress. Yet the D.C. budget is of interest only to those members who use it to promote their own issues, violating a principle of local self-gov-ernment that they value for their own districts and states. 
Increasing recognition of the hardships and 
delays caused by the congressional approval process has led Congress to begin freeing the city from many congressional constraints. We made significant progress in the last Congress on a major element of budget autonomy. There is unprecedented bipartisan and bi-cameral support for preventing D.C. shut-downs, which have been constantly threat-ened as the Congress now almost always fails to pass appropriations bills. Under the fiscal year 2014 D.C. Appropriations bill, D.C. was, for the first time ever, exempt from shutdowns for an entire fiscal year—2015. The fiscal year 2015 D.C. Appropriations bill also exempts D.C. from shutdowns for all of fiscal year 2016. In addition, the president’s budgets last Congress and the Senate’s D.C. appropria-tions bills would have granted D.C. budget au-tonomy. This progress from both Congress and the Executive invites the inevitable next step—a permanent shutdown exemption bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:21 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.002 E27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E119 January 27, 2015 
The importance of eliminating shutdown 
threats to the District was definitively shown recently. The three leading bond rating agen-cies favorably cited the fiscal year 2014 D.C. Appropriations bill provision exempting D.C. from a shutdown in fiscal year 2015. In up-grading their ratings on the District’s out-standing general obligation bonds, Standard & Poor’s Rating Services and Fitch Ratings both favorably cited the provision, and Moody’s In-vestors Service favorably cited the provision while maintaining D.C.’s rating. 
Several years ago, we negotiated an agree-
ment with a Republican-led appropriations committee that ensures that the city’s local budget is approved in the first continuing reso-lution (CR) if the D.C. Appropriations bill has not been approved by the start of the fiscal year, another important step that responded to practical realities. This approach ended the annual nightmares of lengthy delays of ap-proval of the local budget of a big city until a national appropriations bill was passed, often months after the start of the fiscal year. As a result, under CRs, the city has been able to spend its local funds at the next year’s funding level, even though federal agencies must spend at the prior year’s funding level. We are deeply appreciative that this process, which eliminated serious problems for the functioning of the D.C. government, has continued. 
We nearly secured budget autonomy for the 
District in the last days of the lame-duck ses-sion in the 111th Congress, when Democrats were in control. We got the House authorizers to include budget autonomy in the fiscal year 2011 D.C. Appropriations bill, which was passed by the subcommittee. Unfortunately, the Democratic Senate did not include budget autonomy in its appropriations bill, and Con-gress passed a CR instead of regular appro-priations bills in the lame duck. 
Most important, we gained critical support 
for D.C. budget autonomy in the 112th and 113th Congresses. In an Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform Committee hearing in May 2011, Chairman D
ARRELL ISSA (R–CA) en-
dorsed budget autonomy. House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R–VA) and Virginia Gov-ernor Bob McDonnell (R) during that year both indicated their support for budget autonomy. Last Congress, Majority Leader Cantor and Chairman I
SSAboth continued in their support 
for budget autonomy. The President’s fiscal year 2015 budget, for the second time, will have granted D.C. budget autonomy. The Senate’s fiscal year 2015 D.C. Appropriations bill granted the District budget autonomy, which was the first ever appropriations bill to grant it. We also got budget autonomy intro-duced as a stand-alone bill in the Senate. 
We kept the budget autonomy referendum 
from being overturned in Congress. However, a federal district court struck it down and an appeal is pending before a federal appeals court. 
Even if the District of Columbia Budget Au-
tonomy Act of 2015 were enacted, Congress would still retain jurisdiction over the District of Columbia under article I, section 8, clause 17 of the U.S. Constitution until statehood is achieved. This authority allows Congress to make changes to the District’s budget at any time, as we saw last week when the House voted to permanently ban the District from spending its local funds on abortion services for low-income women. Therefore, it is unnec-essary to require the District to incur the costs and delays of transmitting its local budget for 
congressional approval. The time is overdue to permit the city to enact its local budget, the single most immediate step Congress could take to help the District better manage itself. 
Members of Congress were sent to Wash-
ington to do the business of the nation, not a local jurisdiction. Members have no reason to be interested in or to become knowledgeable about the local budget of a single city or juris-diction far from their own. In the past, the House and Senate have more often than not passed the District’s budget as is. Our budget autonomy bill takes the Congress in the direc-tion it is already moving. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF FEDERAL EM-
PLOYEES PAID PARENTAL LEAVE ACT 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, in his State of Union President Obama spoke about restoring the link between hard work and growing opportunity for every American. That link is at the very core of what made America great. And he spoke about the need to ensure that working families have a fair shot and a level playing field. 
One of the places that the United States 
continues to lag behind the entire rest of the world is in providing paid parental leave. The U.S. is the only industrialized nation with no paid parental leave. It is only us and Papua New Guinea in the whole world that have no statutory maternity leave. This is embarrassing and it hurts hardworking American families 
It is way past time to drag at least our fed-
eral workplace policies into the 21st century. That is why I am introducing the Federal Em-ployees Paid Parental Leave Act to provide six weeks of paid parental leave to federal em-ployees for the birth, adoption, or foster place-ment of a child. 
The federal government is our nation’s larg-
est employer and it should be setting an ex-ample—and leading the march into the mod-ern era. Paid parental leave would be a big boost for the almost two million people who work for the federal government. And this won’t just affect our nation’s capital—86 per-cent of federal workers live and work outside the metro Washington, DC area. In fact, the metro region of my home city of New York City has the second highest number of federal employees of any region in the country. 
For these working families in New York and 
elsewhere around the country, paid leave is an economic lifeline. The growing costs of car-ing for a new child—the expensive diapers, bottles, baby carriers—they all add up very quickly. The U.S. Department of Agriculture found that in the first two years a new child can cost families an average of nearly $13,000. Who can forego weeks of pay on top of those new expenses. It is both crippling and cruel to ask families to choose between a pay-check and caring for a new child when costs continue to mount. 
Providing paid leave helps pay for itself with 
the broad benefits it produces. It gives parents the time to bond with their child in those crit-ical first weeks of life and research shows the critical nature of the first few months of life on 
the health and intellectual development over the lifetime of the child. 
To those who would push back on this leg-
islation, I refer you to the Congressional Budg-et Office findings that this legislation is budget neutral. It costs nothing—but it means every-thing. It requires no new money but would im-measurably enrich the lives of federal employ-ees by allowing them to maintain their salary during the course of FMLA-permitted parental leave. 
I urge my Republican colleagues to support 
the bill. It passed the House twice before— with great bipartisan support. Now is the mo-ment to bring this legislation forward and in so doing, bring America forward. 
f 
WINTER STORM JUNO 
HON. DAVID N. CICILLINE 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-
nize the state and local leaders and emer-gency responders in Rhode Island who, as I speak, are working tirelessly to manage the impact of Winter Storm Juno that struck Rhode Island last night. 
This storm is still hitting Rhode Island with 
heavy snow, high winds and coastal flooding. As a former Mayor, I understand the dev-astating impact this type of snowfall can have on individuals and families, and the pains-taking efforts it will take to restore services to Rhode Island’s communities. 
Yesterday our entire delegation sent a letter 
to President Obama, Senator J
ACKREED, Sen-
ator S HELDON WHITEHOUSE , Congressman J IM 
LANGEVIN , and I, urging the President to make 
federal assistance available to Rhode Island to support emergency operations and recovery due to the blizzard conditions. 
I stand ready to assist my home state in any 
way I can, and applaud the tremendous efforts of our Governor Gina Raimondo, Mayor Jorge Elorza and all the dedicated local leaders and emergency responders who are working around the clock to ensure Rhode Island makes a speedy recovery. 
f 
FISCAL YEAR 2015 HOMELAND 
SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS BILL 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, earlier this 
month I voted against the Homeland Security Appropriations Bill for the remainder of Fiscal Year (FY) 2015 (H.R. 240), due to House Re-publicans’ irresponsible attempt to hijack this must-pass legislation. 
The Department of Homeland Security 
(DHS) is at the forefront of protecting our na-tion from terrorist threats. The women and men on the frontline of securing America’s borders deserve a clean appropriations bill that provides them with the funding and re-sources they need to keep our families, com-munities, and our nation safe. Instead of bring-ing a bipartisan bill to the Floor, House Re-publicans opted to pick a political fight with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:21 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.005 E27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E120 January 27, 2015 
President, jeopardizing our country’s security 
needs. 
Republicans voted to add five poison pill 
amendments targeting the President’s execu-tive actions on immigration to this critical fund-ing bill. One of the most offensive and dan-gerous of these amendments is the DeSantis/ Roby amendment. The National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence Against Women strongly opposes this and other amendments, which they describe as ‘‘overly broad, sweep large numbers of victims into their scope and ignore the best interests of victims and their children.’’ In addition, the Task Force urges Congress ‘‘to prioritize the needs of immigrant victims of domestic and sexual violence, and reject these amend-ments.’’ 
Other amendments proposed by House Re-
publicans would further derail the Administra-tion’s progress on immigration reform. The Aderholt amendment would block the Deferred Action for Parental Accountability (DAPA) pro-gram and expansions to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. In ad-dition, the amendment would block measures to strengthen border security, facilitate legal immigration, promote citizenship and immi-grant integration, and spur innovation and en-trepreneurship. The Blackburn amendment would terminate the existing DACA program and prevent hundreds of thousands of young people (DREAMers) who already have come forward, passed background checks, obtained protection, and followed the rules from renew-ing DACA. The Salmon amendment is based on the false premise that the president’s re-cent executive actions create an incentive under the Affordable Care Act for employers to hire deferred action recipients. Finally, the Schock amendment also is premised on the false notion that deferred action applications unfairly delay the adjudication of all applica-tions. 
Jeopardizing this must-pass legislation, crit-
ical to our national security, is unacceptable. I urge my Republican colleagues to bring a clean bill for the remainder of FY2015 for DHS, without further delay and without the dis-traction of partisan politics. 
f 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
LIBERATION OF AUSCHWITZ 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
commemorate International Holocaust Re-membrance Day and the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz concentration camp. 
It is fitting today to remember those who ex-
perienced the depth of human cruelty in that camp and all other Nazi concentration camps. 
It is estimated that over one million pris-
oners perished at the Auschwitz concentration camp over the five years that it was oper-ational. 
I grieve for those lost souls, but I give 
thanks for the 7,500 prisoners who were liber-ated 70 years ago today. 
The stories of those survivors ensure that 
we remain vigilant and dedicated to combating hatred and oppression in all its forms. For that reason, I would also like to bring at-
tention to the ongoing massacres and human rights violations being carried out by the mili-tant terrorist organization Boko Haram in Nige-ria. 
Just like the actions of the Nazis during 
World War II, the actions of Boko Haram today are an affront to human life and dignity. 
From their first violent uprising in 2009, to 
the massacre in Baga less than one month ago, Boko Haram has been waging a war that has cost an estimated 10,000 lives, and dis-placed more than one million people. 
I thank Secretary Kerry for his active role in 
supporting the Nigerians in their efforts to combat Boko Haram. 
I also thank the United States military, for 
providing the Nigerian military with trainers and specialists to aid them. 
But there needs to be more. These atrocities must not be permitted to 
continue, and we must do everything within our power to stop the kidnapping and killing of innocent men, women, and children across Ni-geria. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CITY OF 
DELANO’S CENTENNIAL 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the City of Delano, California in honor of its centennial. 
After its founding by the Southern Pacific 
Railroad in 1873, Delano was incorporated on April 13, 1915. It is an extremely culturally di-verse community, with residents who have ties to Mexico, Spain, China, France, Japan, Yugoslavia, the Philippines, Russia, and India. 
Delano is also an area with rich history. 
During World War II, a prisoner of war camp was located in Delano. Additionally, a squad-ron of Northrop P–61 Black Widow planes that protected the Pacific coast from invasion dur-ing the war was based there. Delano played an important role in ensuring the safety of the homeland throughout this conflict 
Located in the Central Valley, Delano plays 
a substantial role in our nation’s agricultural in-dustry. The local farmers in Delano are known for the grapes, oranges, almonds, pistachios, and cotton they farm. Without the hard work of Delano’s farmers, the economy of the Central Valley and the food reserves in the United States would be dramatically compromised. 
In honor of Delano’s centennial, the city will 
be hosting a 100th Year Gala Celebration on January 31, 2015. The celebration will provide the people of Delano with the opportunity to look back on their city’s past with pride and look forward to its bright future with excite-ment. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating the City of Delano on their centennial and honoring the city for its immense contributions to our nation. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVE BRAT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 41, 
I was present on the House Floor and at-tempted to vote ‘‘YES’’ via my electronic vot-ing card. However, it has been brought to my attention that my vote was not recorded. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
YES. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
PREVENTION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committees, I rise in strong support of H.R. 357, the ‘‘Human Trafficking Preven-tion Act.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman 
R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their 
stewardship in bringing this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to expanding the training and capability of federal govern-ment personnel in detecting and combating human trafficking and assisting its victims. 
Throughout my tenure in Congress and a 
founder and Co-Chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus, I have advocated on behalf of victims of human trafficking, especially chil-dren, who are the most vulnerable and inno-cent victims. 
I am also committed to ensuring that law 
enforcement agencies have the tools, re-sources, and training necessary to identify, ap-prehend, and prosecute criminals who ruth-lessly traffic in people. 
H.R. 357 strengthens the Trafficking Victims 
Protection Act of 2000 by amending it to re-quire training related to trafficking in persons for all State Department personnel. Specifi-cally, the bill requires the following: 
1. A distance learning course on trafficking 
in persons issues and the Department of State’s obligations under the Act to be com-pleted by embassy reporting officers, regional bureaus’ trafficking in persons coordinators, and their supervisors; 
2. Specific trafficking-in-persons briefings for 
all ambassadors and deputy chiefs of mission before they depart for their posts; and 
3. Annual reminders to all such personnel 
and other federal personnel at each diplomatic or consular post of the Department of State lo-cated outside the United States of key human trafficking problems, threats, methods, and warning signs. 
This legislation does for the State Depart-
ment what the Jackson Lee Amendment to H.R. 4660, ‘‘Commerce, Justice, and Science Appropriations Act for 2015,’’ approved by the House in the last Congress does for the Jus-tice Department. 
That amendment, adopted in May 2014 by 
the House, provides another tool in law en-forcement’s arsenal to tip the balance in favor of victims by ensuring funding for the Attorney 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:21 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.008 E27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E121 January 27, 2015 
General to provide training for State and local 
law enforcement agencies on immigration law that may be useful for the investigation and prosecution of crimes related to trafficking in persons. 
Mr. Speaker, trafficking in humans, and es-
pecially child trafficking, has no place in a civ-ilized society and those who engage in this il-licit trade should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. 
To effectively combat human trafficking, we 
need to provide resources and training to gov-ernment personnel to assist victims and ap-prehend criminals. 
By providing the necessary training and 
support, we will catch more human trafficking criminals and save lives, and prevent many other persons, including children, from becom-ing human trafficking victims. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting 
H.R. 357, the Human Trafficking Prevention Act. 
f 
HONORING MS. ABHA PANDYA 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Ms. Abha Pandya, who is retiring at the end of this month from the position of Chief Executive Officer of Asian Human Serv-ices, Inc. (AHS) after 20 years in leadership at the organization. AHS is Chicago’s largest so-cial service agency serving the needs of the pan-Asian and other immigrant and under-served communities residing in metropolitan Chicago. Ms. Pandya joined AHS in June 1994 as the Executive Director, and in 2004 she became the Chief Executive Officer. In 1994, AHS had a staff of six employees and a budget of $294,000. Under Ms. Pandya’s leadership, AHS has grown nearly 40 fold— having a budget of approximately $15 million in fiscal year 2015, and a staff of 115 full-time employees. 
Ms. Pandya is a truly remarkable leader. 
She always completed what she set out to do, including big projects that are important to the community, such as opening several Federally Qualified Health Care Clinics, providing dental services to the community, and opening edu-cation and job training centers. I attended many wonderful ribbon cuttings of AHS projects under Ms. Pandya’s leadership. 
AHS is a multilingual, functionally diverse, 
not-for-profit social service agency that pro-vides direct services to over 27,000 clients a year. Its excellent staff speaks 24 languages and includes people of different ages, gen-ders, ethnicities and races. 
Under Ms. Pandya’s leadership, AHS 
opened Illinois’ first federally-funded primary care and dental clinic to provide linguistically and culturally appropriate clinical services to Asian immigrants and others; a comprehen-sive mental health program, the only state- funded program for the Asian community in Il-linois; a large community health education and prevention program; an extensive family lit-eracy program; and a job training and place-ment program. In 2011, AHS received $2.8 million in capital funds from the state and fed-eral governments to start an expanded pri-mary care and dental clinic, and the new clinic became fully operational on September 3, 
2013. In 2014 AHS received federal funding to establish an additional primary care clinic in my district, in Skokie, Illinois. 
AHS will be naming one of their clinics the 
‘‘Abha Pandya’s Family Health Center’’ to honor her contributions. It is an extremely well-deserved honor. 
Ms. Pandya has advocated extensively at 
the federal, state and city levels on behalf of Asian and other immigrant and refugee com-munities in Chicago for a more equitable dis-tribution of resources, greater access, and lin-guistically appropriate services. She has served on the Governor’s Multicultural Serv-ices Committee, and on the Board of Directors of the Chicago Council on Urban Affairs, the Coalition of Limited English Speaking Elderly, the metropolitan Board of the United Way of Chicago and the Chicago Council of the United Way. 
Ms. Pandya received a B.A. with honors 
from Elphinstone College, University of Bom-bay, and a master’s degree with distinction from the University of Delhi, and an M.S. in journalism from Boston University. She will be spending time with her family, including her grandchildren, in California. I thank Ms. Pandya for her leadership and service. I will miss working with her in her leadership role at AHS, but I know she will continue to look for ways to serve our community. 
f 
HONORING THE EXTRAORDINARY 
LIFE OF WILLIAM ‘BILL’ MAYS 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the life of a beloved mem-ber of the Indianapolis community, Bill Mays. Sadly he unexpectedly passed away on De-cember 4, 2014, his 69th birthday. Bill was a businessman, a family man, a leader of the community, and a philanthropist. He built an economic dream in his business and used his fortune to help others. His dedication to the Hoosier community will forever be remem-bered. 
A lifelong Hoosier, Bill was born in Evans-
ville on December 4, 1945. He graduated as the number one male academically from Evansville Central High School, where he was also a member of the football team. He later received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Chem-istry and a Master of Business Administration from Indiana University in Bloomington. He later went on to receive four Honorary Doctor-ates from universities and colleges in Indiana. 
In 1980, Bill launched Mays Chemical Com-
pany, Inc. and grew it into one of the largest chemical distribution companies in North America. During the first year of business he doubled his $1 million sales objective. From there his business grew exponentially and it is now ranked the 20th largest chemical dis-tributor in the United States. He was regarded as one of the most successful businessmen in Indiana, not just because of Mays Chemical, but also because of other ventures he under-took. In addition to starting Mays Chemical, he also owned The Indianapolis Recorder. In 1990 Mays purchased The Recorder, saving the newspaper. His niece, and a dear friend of mine, Carolene Mays, became general man-
ager of The Recorder in 1998. Under Bill and Carolene’s leadership The Recorder grew in readership, prominence, and credibility. The Recorder is still in circulation today. Mays also was the former majority owner of the Hoosier Radio and Television Properties, which include WAV-TV53, HOT 96.3 FM, WGGR 106.7 FM and WIRE. 
His business savvy was impressive, but his 
dedication to the community set him apart. He served on a wide variety of for-profit and non- profit boards and held many chairmanships. His list of community service honors and awards is lengthy. Just to name a few, he re-ceived the National Society of Black Engineers Golden Torch Award (2003), Indiana Univer-sity’s Herman B. Wells Visionaries Award 
(2000); Wheeler Boys & Girls Club Man and Youth Award (1998); Madame C.J. Walker Lifetime Achievement Award (1998); was in-ducted into the Junior Achievement Central In-diana Business Hall of Fame (1998); and had the honor of carrying the Olympic flame during its trip through Indianapolis in 1996. 
Mays is survived by his wife, Dr. Rose 
Mays, retired Associate Dean of Community Affairs at Indiana University’s School of Nurs-ing, daughters Kristin Mays-Corbitt, President of Mays Chemical, and Heather Mays-Woods, an educator. Bill was a mentor and a leader of the business community, but most impor-tantly he was a husband and father. On many occasions Mays had said that his true passion was his family. Please join me in thanking Bill’s family and friends for sharing such a wonderful man with the Hoosier community. 
f 
ENHANCING SERVICES FOR RUN-
AWAY AND HOMELESS VICTIMS OF YOUTH TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committees, I rise in strong support of H.R. 468, ‘‘Homeless Victims of Youth Traf-ficking Act of 2015.’’ 
I support this bipartisan legislation which 
amends the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 by inserting the phrase ‘‘sever forms of trafficking in persons’’ and including ‘‘youth who are victims of trafficking,’’ in the defini-tions for the law. 
Mr. Speaker, trafficking in persons is an in-
conceivable, callous and inhumane crime that unquestionably deserves the nation’s utmost attention. It is particularly difficult to see the victimization of the very young who are sold or tricked into becoming victims of Human Traf-ficking. 
I join my colleagues is working to strengthen 
laws against human trafficking, and supporting the allocation of resources to further the ef-forts of law enforcement and aid agencies in identification of youth victims and provide vital support to preventing further victimization and to reclaim the lives of the most vulnerable among us—our children from traffickers. 
It is estimated 2.8 million children living on 
the streets of this nation are at risk for traf-ficking into the sex industry. Children who are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:21 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.012 E27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E122 January 27, 2015 
abused or victims of molestation are most vul-
nerable. 
If they are lured into human trafficking they 
are isolated from the rest of the world and start living lives controlled by pimps, escort and massage services, private dancing clubs, pornographic clubs and much worse. 
The work of the authors of this bill con-
tribute to raising public awareness must be at the forefront of our hearts and minds and these unlawful, immoral traffickers, beyond a doubt must unavoidably be brought to justice. We must seek them out and press them from our society by standing up together with a col-lective voice saying, ‘‘Human trafficking stops today, right now, with us.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I along with my Colleagues on 
the Committee on Homeland Security held a field hearing in Houston Texas last year on the issue of Human Trafficking. 
The day before that hearing local law en-
forcement with support from federal law en-forcement agencies raided a house where suspected victims of human trafficking were being held. 
According to the U.S. Department of Jus-
tice, Houston, Texas is one of the nation’s largest hubs for human trafficking, with over 200 active brothels in Houston and two new ones opening each month. 
In 2006, the Department of Justice National 
Conference on Human Trafficking identified the I–10 corridor as one of the main routes for traffickers. Interstate I–10 links the major Texas urban areas Houston, San Antonio and El Paso and dozens of mid- and small sized towns in between. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the most important 
things that can and must continue to be done is to raise public awareness and force the ac-tivity of traffickers and their victims out of the shadows into the light. 
Raising the visibility and status of the gov-
ernmental entities charged with the responsi-bility of documenting the problems, successes, and remaining challenges confronting the United States and the international community in eradicating the scourge of human trafficking is a positive step forward in achieving this goal. 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me in 
supporting passage of H.R. 468. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ELISE JONES MARTIN 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to a wonderful woman and South Carolinian who is turning 100 years old on February 7th. Elise Jones Martin has been a stalwart of her community in Columbia, South Carolina for decades, and is very deserving of this recognition she is receiving from people all across the State of South Carolina. 
Ms. Martin was born in Hartsville, South 
Carolina and arrived in Columbia in the 1930s following cosmetology training in New Jersey. She later attended South Carolina State Col-lege in Orangeburg, SC where she received her teaching certification. She taught for many years at Booker T. Washington High School and was very active in her trade’s professional organizations. Ms. Martin became the first African Amer-
ican woman to own a business on Main Street in Columbia when she opened a wig shop called Accent Elise. She became a dedicated and trustworthy member of the community. She worked with the Columbia Housing Au-thority on its Hope VI program and served as a poll worker for over three decades. In 2008 she served as the poll manager to her polling location at the youthful age of 94. She has also served as a member of the Columbia Zoning board and a member of the America Beautiful Committee of the Midlands. 
She believes that citizens must take part in 
the change they seek and has been a tireless worker through the City of Columbia. Ms. Mar-tin has been extremely dedicated to Bethel A.M.E. Church, where she’s been a member for more than 70 years and has held many leadership positions. Her deep and lasting commitment to her church and her community have made her a valuable asset. She has al-ways been very approachable. Her wisdom, friendship and compassion are often sought and highly valued by her family and fellow citi-zens. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my col-
leagues join me in congratulating Ms. Elise Jones Martin on this tremendous milestone. It is very fitting that her valuable contributions and this celebration of 100 years of life are being recognized by her family and friends for all she has done to give back to those with whom she has shared a century of blessed experiences. 
f 
EXTRAORDINARY ACT OF VALOR 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Deputy John McCord of the Fort Bend County Precinct 3 Constable’s Office for being selected by the Houston 100 Club for the Officer of the Year Award. This award rec-ognizes his extraordinary act of valor to pro-tect the lives of residents of Fort Bend County. 
On June 27, 2014, Deputy McCord re-
sponded to a call reporting a child drowning in the Weston Lakes subdivision in Fulshear, Texas. Deputy McCord rescued the uncon-scious boy from the bottom of the lake and performed lifesaving CPR before a medical helicopter arrived to bring the child to the hos-pital. Thanks to officers like Deputy McCord, residents of Fort Bend County can rest as-sured that our police officers are dedicated to serving our community and keeping us safe. 
I thank Deputy John McCord for his courage 
and readiness to act in the line of duty. On be-half of the residents of the Twenty-Second Congressional of Texas, thank you and con-gratulations again to John for being selected 
to receive the Houston 100 Club’s Officer of the Year Award. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MAXINE WATERS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I submit my vote preference for Speaker of the House. I was unavoidably de-
tained at the time of voting. However, had I been present in person, I would have cast my vote in support of Congresswoman N
ANCY  
PELOSI for Speaker of the House. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGETTE BROWN 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and pay tribute to Georgette Brown, a dedicated public servant and a very good friend of mine who passed away earlier this month. For 25 years, Georgette served the people of Josephine County, Oregon, as the longest serving County Clerk in county history. Along the way, she implemented local vote-by- mail and published the first local voters’ pam-phlet. Today, I honor her commitment and life-time of community service. 
Georgette understood the importance of 
participating in our democracy. Whether at a town hall, rotary speech or business round-table, Georgette was always present, actively listening, asking pertinent questions and show-ing genuine support. She believed the best way to make her voice heard in Washington, DC was by being present and engaged. 
For Georgette, the core duty of a citizen 
was voting. She worked hard to make sure every vote counted. When Oregon moved to a vote-by-mail system, Georgette appeared be-fore the Oregon Legislature to advocate for ballot deadline announcements in the media. In her own county, she took it upon herself as Clerk to make sure as many people as pos-sible voted, telling anyone who would listen that they better vote! 
Georgette Brown’s belief and dedication 
paid off. Voter turnout in Josephine County peaked at nearly 90 percent in the 1996 gen-eral election and averaged nearly 70 percent during much of Georgette’s tenure. She served as president of the Oregon Association of County Clerks. I am sure more than a few of the fellow clerks with whom Georgette served are grateful for having so many helpful things from her along the way. 
Georgette had the distinction of being Jose-
phine County’s first clerk to perform mar-riages, and she performed hundreds of them during and after her tenure. She even once traveled on her own time to New Zealand to perform a wedding for a Grants Pass resident, quickly making new friends along the way. 
If someone had a question, Georgette usu-
ally had an answer. Often, she would even rattle off the appropriate Oregon statute from memory. Georgette believed it was important to be fiscally responsible in running her office. She ran it like a business, looking for ways to save money. Sometimes, when times were tight, she’d pay her own expenses when trav-eling to a conference, sharing a room when necessary. 
Georgette had great respect for the office of 
Clerk, and those who worked there. After her retirement in 2008, she would stop by the county courthouse to say hello. Her last visit was in May when she hand delivered her bal-lot to make sure the county clerk knew her signature had changed—and likely to see how the turnout was looking to see how many peo-ple she still needed to remind. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:21 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.015 E27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E123 January 27, 2015 
In addition to her official duties, Georgette 
was generous, donating to parks and 4-H pro-grams. She was very community-minded, working on Rotary projects and serving as Ro-tary president. She was a member of St. Anne’s parish for more than 40 years, serving as a reader during Saturday evening mass. One of her favorite retirement roles was read-ing with students at Allen Dale Elementary School. Always fun to be around, Georgette brightened every activity she was involved in and she never spoke ill of others. 
Born in Hoboken, New Jersey, Georgette at-
tended school at St. Mary’s in New York. She and Larry moved to Grants Pass in 1972. When Larry died of cancer in 2002, Georgette 
missed him terribly. Georgette was deeply loved and will be dearly missed by her daugh-ters, Martie and Monique, her 7-year-old grandson, Taylor, her many, many friends and the countless people whose lives she posi-tively touched through her service. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please 
join me in honoring Georgette Brown for her many years of exemplary service in Josephine County and caring leadership of her commu-nity. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT 
OF JADE STAWASZ 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to celebrate the retirement of Jade Stawasz. On January 27, 2015, she closes out 47 years of incredible service to the U.S. Army and begins the next exciting chapter of her life. 
Jade is a valued member of the Army’s Ci-
vilian Service. More than 330,000 strong, Army civilians serve as an integral part of the Army team. This global family is devoted to ensuring our warriors are prepared to shoulder any challenge that comes their way. 
Widely admired and respected for her lead-
ership and work ethic, Jade excelled at nu-merous responsibilities over the years. From her work as Director of Executive Services for Ill Corps and Fort Hood to her efforts on be-half of Army leadership ranging from Kansas to Hawaii, she’s long been someone both her supervisors and colleagues could rely upon. 
Jade’s great work has not gone unnoticed. 
For her efforts she was awarded a Superior Civilian Service Award, Commander’s Award for Civilian Service, and a Commander’s Award for Public Service. The United States Armor Association honored her with the Order of St. Joan D’Arc Medallion for her contribu-tions to the morale, welfare, and spirit of armor and cavalry families during their spouse’s absence. Her commitment to service doesn’t end when she leaves the office. As a member of the Harker Heights and Killeen Chambers of Commerce, she works tirelessly to strengthen bonds between Fort Hood and the surrounding communities. 
I commend Jade Stawasz’s selfless service 
to the United States Army. Her patriotism, citi-zenship, and commitment to excellence reflect the very best values of Central Texas. I join Jade’s friends, family, and colleagues in wish-ing her all the best in her much-deserved re-tirement. STRENGTHENING CHILD WELFARE 
RESPONSE TO TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support H.R. 469, the ‘‘Strengthening Our Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act of 2015,’’ which strengthens the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (Pub. L. 93– 247) by requiring that state plans for federal grants for child abuse or neglect prevention and treatment programs include elements fo-cused on human trafficking. 
Trafficking in humans is a major problem 
across the globe and in our own country. As lawmakers, we have a moral responsibility to combat this scourge and protect our children, especially those without parents to care for them, from being exploited and falling through the cracks. 
As the Founder and Chair of the Congres-
sional Children’s Caucus, I understand how important it is to defend those who are too young to defend themselves. 
This problem is personal for me because 
according to the U.S. Department of Justice, my home city of Houston, Texas is the epi-center of human trafficking in the United States with over 200 active brothels in Hous-ton and two new ones opening each month. 
Houston has also surpassed Las Vegas for 
the dubious distinction of having the most strip clubs and illicit spas serving as fronts for sex trafficking. 
Human trafficking in Texas is not limited to 
Houston. During the 2011 Dallas Super Bowl, 133 underage arrests for prostitution were made and during this year’s massive effort ‘‘Operation Cross Country’’ led by the FBI, several pimps were arrested. 
Between 1998 and 2003 more than 500 
people from 18 countries were ensnared in 57 forced labor operations in almost a dozen cit-ies throughout the State of Texas. 
Currently, our state child welfare systems do 
not properly identify and help the children that have been taken by this horrible industry. 
Even more disturbing is that the protections 
provided by our child welfare systems often do not extend to young victims of trafficking. 
Hard as it is to believe, in some states traf-
ficked youths are not even regarded or classi-fied as victims. 
Houston is a popular trafficking hub in part 
because the city is so diverse, with large His-panic, Asian and Middle Eastern populations, which allows traffickers and their victims to blend into local communities. 
A recent report estimated that 25% of all 
trafficking victims in the U.S. end up in Texas. 
Rather, they are treated as youthful offend-
ers and consigned to the criminal justice sys-tem. 
The city is so diverse, the traffickers and 
victims easily blend into the community. 
The TIP Report also contains tier rankings 
of each country on which it reports, which are used to help protect victims, prevent trafficking and prosecute traffickers. 
According to a report published in the North-
western Journal of International Human Rights, Mexican authorities are working to ad-dress the problem of trans-border human traf-
ficking, but the country’s ‘‘legal framework re-mains largely untouched and hence limited in its crime-fighting scope and effectiveness.’’ 
According to the U.S. Department of Jus-
tice, Houston, Texas is one of the nation’s largest hubs for human trafficking, with over 200 active brothels in Houston and two new ones opening each month. 
Human trafficking in Texas is not limited to 
Houston. During the 2011 Dallas Super Bowl, 133 underage arrests for prostitution were made and during this year’s massive effort ‘‘Operation Cross Country’’ led by the FBI, several pimps were arrested. 
In general The Center shall carry out the fol-
lowing activities: 
1. Receive information on travel by child-sex 
offenders. 
2. Establish a system to maintain and ar-
chive all relevant information, including the re-sponse of destination countries to notifications under subsection where available, and deci-sions not to transmit notification abroad. 
3. Establish an annual review process to en-
sure that the Center is consistent in proce-dures to provide notification to destination countries or not to provide notification to des-tination countries, as appropriate. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the most important 
things that can and must continue to be done is to raise public awareness of the continuing prevalence of modern day slavery and human trafficking. 
Such identification requires cooperative ef-
forts between the United States and foreign governments. In exchange for providing notice of child-sex offenders traveling to the United States, foreign authorities will expect United States authorities to provide reciprocal notice of child-sex offenders traveling to their coun-tries. 
Raising the visibility and status of the gov-
ernmental entity charged with the responsi-bility of documenting the problems, successes, and remaining challenges confronting the United States and the international community in eradicating the scourge of human trafficking is a positive step forward in achieving this goal. 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me in 
supporting passage of H.R. 469. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING IS SLAVERY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in my other 
life, I was a prosecutor and Judge. I saw the worst of the worst criminals in my courtroom, but it wasn’t until I visited the Ukraine, when I first came to Congress, that I learned about the scourge of human trafficking. It is slavery. Soon I became aware that this crime wasn’t just happening in far off places but right here in the United States, in our own backyards. 
Unfortunately, my hometown of Houston is 
one of the hubs for human trafficking because of its proximity to the border, major interstates, airports, and ports. 
As cofounder and co-chair of the Congres-
sional Victims’ Rights Caucus with my friend J
IMCOSTA from California, I have made fight-
ing human trafficking a priority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:21 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.019 E27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E124 January 27, 2015 
Human trafficking is a hidden crime. 
These victims are not willing participants in 
prostitution. These women, men, girls, and boys are being held against their will, caught in a life of drug addiction, physical abuse, and sexual assault. Children cannot be prostitutes. Children cannot consent to sex. They get forced into the crime of human trafficking, they are victims not criminals. 
It is estimated that at least 100,000 children 
are at risk for human trafficking every year in the U.S. The real number of trafficking victims is unknown. 
Even if they are identified, they are con-
stantly moved around by their traffickers, whether that’s across our borders and/or around the country. Many are runaways, throwaways, or stowaways. Imagine a child being considered a throwaway or a child that no one is looking for. This is reality for many in our country. We must be the ones to give them hope. 
Victims may be afraid to come forward. 
They may be arrest and jailed because they are mistaken for criminal. Forgiven immigrants kidnapped and brought to the US are told their families will be harmed if they seek help. 
Many victims may be suffering from Stock-
holm Syndrome and actually believe they are in a loving relationship with their trafficker. 
Education and awareness for law enforce-
ment and the public will help prevent traf-ficking and identify the victim. 
Rescuing and Restoring victims must be a 
top priority. Trafficking victims have unique needs, different than the needs of other crime victims. They must receive specialized, trau-ma-informed care from those that understand this crime. 
Trafficking victims are not easy victims to 
help. They’ve been through extremely terrible situations. Many have come from a life of hardship, from abusive families, and moved around from family to family in foster care. Anyone they’ve trusted in the past has used them and betrayed them. So, many times after they’ve been rescued, they run because that’s what they know. 
We cannot give up on these girls. They de-
serve to know love and trust. As a society, we must embrace them. 
I’ve introduced the Justice for Victims of 
Trafficking Act with Congresswoman M
ALO-
NEY. This bill will ensure funding for the rescue 
and restoration of trafficking victims. It will en-sure specialized training and care, and training for law enforcement. These services will be paid for by fines on the perpetrators. The bad guys literally pay for the crimes they have committed. What a concept! 
Our bill also addresses the cause of this 
dastardly deed: the demand. Gone are the days of boys being boys. Those that buy sex from children are child abusers, not Johns. John is in the Bible. He’s a good guy. These criminals must be punished like the child abusers that they are. They are child rapists. 
During January, National Slavery and 
Human Trafficking Prevention Month, we rec-ognize that we have a long road ahead of us in order to eradicate our country and our world of modern day slavery. If we have the help and work of local, state, and federal govern-ments, wonderful anti-trafficking organizations, and just people with good hearts, I think we can put a stop to this despicable crime. 
And that’s just the way it is. RECOGNIZING GEORGE STEVENS, 
JR. AS THE FOUNDER OF THE KENNEDY CENTER HONORS AND FOR HIS CONTRIBUTIONS TO AMERICAN FILM MAKING 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize George Stevens, Jr., an American writer, director, producer, playwright, author and founder of the American Film Institute and the Kennedy Center Honors. With an impres-sive, creative and innovative career spanning nearly 65 years, Stevens has contributed greatly to American filmmaking and diplomacy, and has elevated artistic standards and appre-
ciation to new heights. It is therefore with pro-found gratitude for his dedication to the arts and yet sadness that December 2014 marked Stevens’ last year as producer of the es-teemed Kennedy Center Honors that I am speaking today. 
In 1978, Stevens founded the Kennedy 
Center Honors, which is an annual TV special that recognizes a wide cross-section of artists who have contributed to American culture through dance, the theater, music, film and tel-evision. The Kennedy Center Honors, how-ever, is more than just a TV special. It is the brainchild of George Stevens and it was influ-enced by his hero and friend, President John F. Kennedy, who said, ‘‘I look forward to an America that will honor achievement in the arts the way we honor achievement in busi-ness and statecraft.’’ Through personal dedi-cation and a labor of love, Stevens committed much of his adult life to the Honors, which is a significant part of his legacy and contribution to the arts. 
For thirty-six years, Stevens produced the 
Honors and made it the premier show of American arts appreciation. In 2008, his son Michael joined him as a producer of the show and it remains one of the most highly antici-pated events of the year, showcasing some of the best talents America has to offer. Last year’s Honors recipients included Tom Hanks, Sting, Lily Tomlin, Patricia McBride and singer/ songwriter Al Green from my home of Mem-phis, Tennessee. The show was an amazing celebration of these artists and a testament to Stevens’ love for the arts. I was glad to be among the attendees at the historic 2014 Hon-ors. 
In 1962, former CBS Newsman and head of 
the United States Information Agency (USIA) under the Kennedy Administration Edward R. Murrow reached out to Stevens to join the Agency to help inform the world about the U.S. through film. It was during this time that he formed a lasting relationship with President John F. Kennedy and his family, and began laying the foundation that transformed how American films and the arts are recognized and appreciated today. After creating nearly 300 short films for the USIA and following the President’s assassination, Stevens produced the heartfelt and well-received documentary about the life of President Kennedy entitled Years of Lightning, Day of Drums. At the time, the National Board of Review named the doc-umentary ‘‘one of the ten best films of the year’’ and in 2013, Stevens worked with War-ner Bros to restore the film and release it on DVD. George Stevens, Jr. was born no stranger 
to Hollywood and American filmmaking. His grandmothers and grandfather were all actors, having starred alongside Charlie Chaplin and in silent films. His father, George Stevens, Sr., was a legendary Hollywood director who made more than 50 films and earned an Oscar for directing the 1951 motion picture, A Place in the Sun. At age 17, the younger Stevens began working with his father reading scripts and stories for potential films, including the 1953 Western classic Shane, which received five Academy Award nominations, and the 1959 film version of the Pulitzer Prize winning play, The Diary of Anne Frank. Between 1959 and 1961, Stevens directed episodes for the television series Peter Gunn and Alfred Hitch-cock Presents. In 1967, he, along with Sidney Poitier and Gregory Peck, founded the Amer-ican Film Institute, which serves to preserve original prints of American films. 
Stevens continues to produce some of the 
most important works in American culture. In 2013, he produced American editorial car-toonist Herbert Block’s documentary entitled Herblock: The Black & the White, and in 2011, he adapted Thurgood, his 2006 one-man stage play about the first African-American As-sociate Justice of the Supreme Court, into a feature film. In 2009, he was the executive producer of the TV special We Are One: The Obama Inaugural Celebration at the Lincoln Memorial. 
Stevens is an American icon whose dedica-
tion to the arts is unwavering. He has won 13 Emmys, two Peabody Awards for Meritorious Service to Broadcasting, eight Writers Guild of America awards, the Christopher Award and The Writers Guild of America’s Paul Selvin award for his writings on civil rights and lib-erties. In 2011, President Barack Obama ap-pointed him Co-chairman of the President’s Committee on the Arts and Humanities. 
George Stevens continues to serve and rep-
resent the arts community well. Because of his steadfast efforts to celebrate and promote American art, the Kennedy Center Honors is always at the top of TV ratings. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on more than 65 years of dedication to the arts and thirty-six years of producing the Kennedy Center Honors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. J. RANDY FORBES 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Speaker, last week I was 
unable to cast my vote for two important pieces of legislation. Had I been in the cham-ber, I would have voted YES on H.R. 161, the Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act and YES on H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Dis-closure Act. I voted to pass H.R. 7 in the 113th Congress. This crucial bill will establish a government-wide, permanent prohibition on the funding of abortion, ensuring that no pro-gram or agency is exempt from this safeguard. I believe that life—even in its earliest stages— deserves respect and protection. I am and al-ways have been pro-life, and throughout my tenure in Congress will continue to be a strong advocate for the unborn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:21 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.022 E27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E125 January 27, 2015 
JAMES KRAMER TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Mr. James Kramer. Mr. Kramer is the Pueblo County Coroner and will be retiring this month after a remarkable 37-year career, making him one of the longest serving public officials in Colorado history. 
Mr. Kramer was elected as Pueblo County 
coroner on November 1, 1977 and has inves-tigated around 21,000 cases during his career. He has been a tireless servant to the people of Pueblo County and has remained on-call 24 hours a day, seven days a week for the bet-ter-half of four decades. He has compas-sionately delivered tragic news on thousands of occasions and has served with his team na-tionally both at ground zero after the Sep-tember 11th attacks and in Louisiana after the devastation of Hurricane Katrina. 
Prior to Mr. Kramer’s service to the county 
of Pueblo, he served this nation in the U.S. Air Force from 1968–1977, and worked as a phy-sician’s assistant at Touchstone Family Prac-tice. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Kramer’s dogged work 
ethic and dedication to serving both his coun-try and community is truly admirable. I stand with the residents of Pueblo County and the citizens of the United States in thanking Mr. Kramer and congratulating him on a lifetime of public and selfless service. Although he is re-tiring from the Coroner’s role, he will stay on as a physician’s assistant at the Touchstone Family Practice and I look forward to seeing him continue his dedicated work as a leader in the Pueblo County community. 
f 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
PRIORITIZATION ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committees, I rise in strong support of H.R. 514, ‘‘Human Trafficking Prioritization Act.’’ 
I support this bipartisan legislation which 
amends the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to change the status of the State De-partment Office to Monitor and Combat Traf-ficking to that of the Bureau to Combat Traf-ficking in Persons. 
Mr. Speaker, this change in the name of this 
vital office can be accomplished without an in-crease in funding or personnel. 
H.R. 514, a bipartisan Foreign Affairs Com-
mittee bipartisan bill, directs the Secretary of State to report to Congress on each current Assistant Secretary of State position the exact title and length of designation as Assistant Secretary, and whether that designation was legislatively mandated or authorized and, if so, the relevant statutory citation; and Further, the Secretary State is asked wheth-
er they intend to designate one of the Assist-ant Secretary of State positions as the Assist-ant Secretary of State to Combat Trafficking in Persons, and the reasons for that decision. 
I have a concern regarding the bill’s amend-
ment of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 to prohibit subsequent inclusion for more than one consecutive year on the spe-cial watch list of countries whose compliance with minimum standards for the elimination of human trafficking is full, partial, or insignificant if the country: 
was included on the list for four consecutive 
years after enactment of the William Wilber-force Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthor-ization Act of 2008, and 
was subsequently included on the exclusive 
Tier 3 list of countries not making significant efforts to bring themselves into compliance with such standards. 
It is important that the mechanisms for 
reaching determinations regarding compliance with anti-human trafficking measures are con-sistent and reliable over time. 
There should be care taken that places 
around the globe with long histories of human trafficking do not find ways limit access to in-formation that would better measure their progress in eradicating the practice and bring to justice those involved. 
According to the Report, the most common 
form of human trafficking (79%) is sexual ex-ploitation. The victims of sexual exploitation are predominantly women and girls. Surpris-ingly, in 30% of the countries which provided information on the gender of traffickers, women make up the largest proportion of traf-fickers. In some parts of the world, women trafficking women is the norm. 
The second most common form of human 
trafficking is forced labour (18%), although this may be a misrepresentation because forced labor is less frequently detected and reported than trafficking for sexual exploitation. 
Globally about 20% of all trafficking victims 
are children. Unfortunately in parts of Africa children are the majority, these numbers rise to 100% in some parts of West Africa. 
Many of those who are victims of human 
trafficking are exploited in locations near their home. 
According to the 2009 United National Re-
port on ‘‘Human Trafficking Exposes Modern Form of Slavery’’ research reveals that internal regional and domestic trafficking are a source of the problems. 
The United Nations Protocol against Traf-
ficking in Persons reports that in the past few years the number of Member States seriously implementing the Protocol has doubled going from 54 to 125 out of the 155 nations. 
In 2009, there were many countries that 
lacked the necessary legal framework or polit-ical will to take on the issue of human traf-ficking. 
I join my colleagues in working to strength-
en laws nationally and internationally against human trafficking, and supporting the alloca-tion of resources toward that end. 
I urge all of my colleagues to join me in 
supporting passage of H.R. 514. THANKING DIANE ENOS AND WEL-
COMING PRESIDENT DELBERT RAY, SR. 
HON. DAVID SCHWEIKERT 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to acknowledge the steady leadership of Diane Enos who recently ended her term as 23rd President of the Salt River Pima-Mari-copa Indian Community in my hometown of Scottsdale. Additionally, I would like to share my personal gratitude for Diane’s friendship. Diane has spent her lifetime working to make Arizona better, and she has done so with in-credible grace. Furthermore, it is with goodwill and faith that I welcome President Delbert Ray, Sr. to his post as the 24th President of the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Commu-nity. I look forward to working on the many issues that are of vital importance to our com-munity and the future of Arizona. 
f 
PROTECTING THE VICTIMS OF 
CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to 
support a number of bills this week that will improve identification of, and services for, chil-dren who are victims of sex trafficking, includ-ing runaway and homeless kids. 
Every year, as many as 300,000 young peo-
ple become the victims of sex trafficking, while others are forced into a life of virtual slavery in hard labor and the drug trade. In particular, homeless young people are at risk of falling into this tragic life. 
Unfortunately, many of our young that fall 
prey to the dark characters who run these trades have already been involved in the child welfare system at one government level or an-other. What this screams to us is that the wel-fare system has failed these children. It seems clear that the evils of trafficking are not some-thing our child welfare workers are sufficiently prepared to deal with. 
We must improve the ability of child welfare 
workers to identify and assess child victims of trafficking—including runaway and homeless youth—and the services they need. We must engage in a coordinated effort at the federal, state, and local levels to collect and share in-formation that will help analyze and identify youth trafficking. We must also identify state efforts that successfully serve youth trafficking victims in order to spread best practices to other states. 
These are commonsense solutions to better 
identify and serve victims of youth trafficking. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to sup-
port these important bills. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:21 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.025 E27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E126 January 27, 2015 
PROMOTING JOB CREATION AND 
REDUCING SMALL BUSINESS BURDENS ACT (H.R. 37) 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Ms. McCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in op-
position to the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. This bill undermines vital consumer protections and regulations afforded by Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111–203). On January 7, 2015, the House voted on this new bill under sus-pension of the rules where it failed. I did not support this recrafted bill and I do not support it now. 
While many of the provisions within H.R. 37 
have passed the House in a bi-partisan fash-ion during prior Congresses, this year House Republicans have added a new, political provi-sion to weaken consumer protections that I cannot support. Undermining the Volcker Rule by delaying its implementation until 2019 will again put middle-class and working families at financial risk just as our economy has recov-ered. The Volcker Rule prohibits financial insti-tutions from conducting speculative investment activities that do not benefit their customers. This federal regulation is necessary to safe-guard the American people from the financial instability and damaged caused by risky trad-ing by Wall Street that contributed to the Great Recession. 
This bill is unnecessarily being rushed to the 
House floor. Neither the Financial Services Committee nor the Agricultural Committee has had an opportunity to review this bill in this new Congress and assess the impacts it would have on our banks and our farmers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing the Promoting Job Creation and Re-ducing Small Business Burdens Act and in-stead bring a bill to the House floor that pro-tects all Americans not just Wall Street. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE HONORING 
OUR WWII MERCHANT MARINE ACT OF 2015 
HON. JANICE HAHN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, during World War 
II, millions of Americans in uniform fought bravely to secure freedom and peace through-out the world. We honored their sacrifices by ensuring we took care of them at home, through initiatives such as the G.I. Bill and other services meant to support our veterans. 
During the war, U.S. Merchant Mariners 
were responsible for transporting troops and delivering supplies for the military. Hundreds of ships and thousands of men were lost to enemy submarines and aircraft, including dan-gerous missions ferrying supplies to Western Europe and even Russia. It was one of the most critical roles played during the early part of the war. 
Unfortunately, those who served this nation 
so valiantly during that time, were not eligible for the G.I. Bill that helped millions of veterans go to college, secure a home and transition 
seamlessly into civilian life. The fact that we did not provide similar benefits to those who risked their lives for this country is simply unfathomable. 
That’s why I am proud to join with my col-
league Rep. J
OHN DUNCAN in introducing the 
bipartisan ‘‘Honoring Our WWII Merchant Ma-rine Act of 2015.’’ This bill would provide a one-time benefit of $25,000 to the surviving 5,000 World War II Mariners. In just two years since I last introduced this act, the number of surviving Merchant Mariners has been cut in half, and if we fail to act now none will see the promise fulfilled. By providing this modest ben-efit, we will finally be giving our brave mer-chant mariners the recognition they rightfully deserve. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO MS. LAURA 
L. HAMPTON 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, congratulations to Ms. Laura L. Hampton on the celebration of her Tremendous Com-munity Service and Attainment of her 80th Birthday. 
Being publicly involved provides one and 
has provided me with the opportunity to meet and interact with some of the most wonderful and most delightful people. One such person has been, and continues to be Mrs. Laura L. Hampton, whom I met during the 1980s while serving as Alderman of the 29th ward, which was more than twenty years ago. Mrs. Hamp-ton was a community leader and her family lived in the West Garfield Park community on West Wilcox Street. She has played every role that one can play in a community; a wife, a mother, a grandmother, an organizer, a lead-er, a treasurer, a President and whatever it takes to make a community function. 
Mrs. Hampton has been and continues to 
be what is called a ‘‘Community Activist’’, that is, one who is actively involved in the affairs of community life, block, neighborhood, church, school, electoral process, and all that takes place in a community. 
I congratulate Mrs. Hampton on the occa-
sion of her 80th birthday Wish her well and thank her for all that she has done for the community including helping to elect me to Congress and President Barack Obama as President of the United States of America. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL MEGAN’S LAW TO 
PREVENT DEMAND FOR CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, January 26, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-
ior member of the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committees, I rise in strong support of H.R. 515 International Megan’s Law to Pre-vent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking. 
This legislation protects children from exploi-
tation, especially sex trafficking in tourism, by providing advance notice of intended travel by registered child-sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the coun-try of destination, requesting foreign govern-ments to notify the United States when a known child-sex offender is seeking to enter 
the United States, and for other purposes. 
Child sex tourism, where an individual trav-
els to a foreign country and engages in sexual activity with a child in that country, is a form of child exploitation and, where commercial, child sex trafficking. 
Human trafficking is a problem for the 
United States because the U.S. State Depart-ment estimates that approximately 17,500 for-eign nationals are trafficked into the United States, the largest number of people trafficked into the United States come from East Asia and the Pacific and the next highest numbers coming from Latin America and Europe. 
Law enforcement reports indicate that 
known child-sex offenders are traveling inter-nationally, and that the criminal background of such individuals may not be known to local law enforcement prior to their arrival. 
The commercial sexual exploitation of mi-
nors in child sex trafficking and pornography is a global phenomenon. 
The International Labor Organization has 
estimated that 1.8 million children worldwide are victims of child sex trafficking and pornog-raphy each year. 
It is estimated 2.8 million children living on 
the streets of this nation are at risk for traf-ficking into the sex industry. 
Children who are abused or victims of mo-
lestation are most vulnerable. 
If they are lured into human trafficking they 
are isolated from the rest of the world and start living lives controlled by pimps, escort and massage services, private dancing clubs, pornographic clubs and much worse. 
The State Department’s Office to Monitor 
and Combat Trafficking in Persons produces the annual Trafficking in Persons Report (‘‘TIP Report’’), which is Congress’ primary resource for human trafficking reporting, analysis and recommendations for the United States and 186 countries around the world. 
These kids are not criminals. They are vic-
tims, robbed of their innocence by adult crimi-nals. 
They are boys and girls who have been 
taken advantage of and are unable to escape an ugly system. 
I support H.R. 515 because it is focused on 
helping at-risk and vulnerable children rather than treating them as criminals. 
Specifically, the bill requires that state plans 
for federal grants for child abuse or neglect prevention and treatment: 
1. provide procedures to identify and assess 
all reports involving children known or sus-pected to be victims of sex trafficking; 
2. provide training for child protection serv-
ice workers to appropriately respond to reports of child sex trafficking; and 
3. develop and implement policies and pro-
cedures to connect child victims to public or private specialized services. 
Additionally, the bill requires States to report 
annually the numbers of children identified as victims of sex trafficking within the already ex-isting National Child Abuse and Neglect Data System. 
H.R. 515 also requires the Department of 
Health and Human Services to submit a report to Congress outlining the prevalence and type of child trafficking nationwide as well as the current barriers to serving child victims com-prehensively. 
I strongly support H.R. 515 and urge my 
colleague to join me in voting for its passage which will help bring an end to the evil prac-tice that is child sex trafficking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:21 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 8470 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.029 E27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D63 Tuesday, January 27, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S495–S547 
Measures Introduced: Seventeen bills and one reso-
lution were introduced, as follows: S. 256–272, and S. Res. 42.
                                                               Pages S541–42 
Measures Reported: 
S. Res. 42, authorizing expenditures by the Com-
mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
                                                                                              Page S541 
Measures Considered: 
Keystone XL Pipeline—Agreement: Senate con-
tinued consideration of S. 1, to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, taking action on the following amend-ments proposed thereto:
                               Pages S497–S537 
Pending: 
Murkowski Amendment No. 2, in the nature of 
a substitute.                                                                     Page S497 
Vitter/Cassidy Modified Amendment No. 80 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to provide for the distribution of revenues from certain areas of the outer Conti-nental Shelf.
                                                                    Page S497 
Murkowski (for Sullivan) Amendment No. 67 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to restrict the authority of the Environmental Protection Agency to arm agency personnel.
                                                     Pages S497, S509–12 
Cardin Amendment No. 75 (to Amendment No. 
2), to provide communities that rely on drinking water from a source that may be affected by a tar sands spill from the Keystone XL pipeline an anal-ysis of the potential risks to public health and the environment from a leak or rupture of the pipeline. 
                                                                                              Page S497 
Murkowski Amendment No. 98 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of Congress relating to adaptation projects in the United States Arctic re-gion and rural communities.
                                 Page S497 
Flake Amendment No. 103 (to Amendment No. 
2), to require the evaluation and consolidation of du-plicative green building programs.
                     Page S497 
Cruz Amendment No. 15 (to Amendment No. 2), 
to promote economic growth and job creation by in-creasing exports.
                                        Pages S497, S507–08 Moran/Cruz Amendment No. 73 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to delist the lesser prairie-chicken as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973.
                                                                            Page S497 
Daines Amendment No. 132 (to Amendment No. 
2), to express the sense of Congress regarding the designation of National Monuments.
                Page S497 
Boxer Amendment No. 130 (to Amendment No. 
2), to preserve existing permits and the authority of the agencies issuing the permits to modify the per-mits if necessary.
                                                  Pages S512–13 
Peters/Stabenow Amendment No. 70 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to require that the Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration make a certification and submit to Congress the results of a study before the pipeline may be constructed, connected, operated, or maintained. 
                                                                                              Page S513 
Collins/Warner Amendment No. 35 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to coordinate the provision of energy retrofitting assistance to schools.
                 Pages S513–14 
Murkowski Amendment No. 166 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to release certain wilderness study areas from management for preservation as wilderness. 
                                                                                      Pages S514–18 
Sanders Amendment No. 23 (to Amendment No. 
2), to increase the quantity of solar photovoltaic elec-tricity by providing rebates for the purchase and in-stallation of an additional 10,000,000 photovoltaic systems by 2025.
                                                 Pages S518–20 
Merkley Amendment No. 174 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of Congress that the United States should prioritize and fund adaptation projects in communities in the United States while 
also helping to fund climate change adaptation in developing countries.
                                                 Page S520 
Merkley Amendment No. 125 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to eliminate unnecessary tax subsidies and provide infrastructure funding.
                             Page S520 
Cantwell/Boxer Amendment No. 131 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to ensure that if the Keystone XL Pipeline is built, it will be built safely and in com-pliance with United States environmental laws. 
                                                                                      Pages S520–21 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JA5.REC D27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D64 January 27, 2015 
Tillis/Burr Amendment No. 102 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to provide for leasing on the outer Conti-nental Shelf and the distribution of certain qualified revenues from such leasing.
                Pages S521–23, S525 
Markey Amendment No. 178 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to ensure that products derived from tar sands are treated as crude oil for purposes of the Federal excise tax on petroleum.
                          Page S523 
Markey Amendment No. 141 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to delay the effective date until the President determines that the pipeline will not have certain negative impacts.
                                                 Pages S523–24 
Whitehouse Amendment No. 148 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to require campaign finance disclosures for certain persons benefitting from tar sands devel-opment.
                                                                     Pages S524–25 
Booker Amendment No. 155 (to Amendment No. 
2), to allow permitting agencies to consider new cir-cumstances and new information.
                       Page S525 
Burr Modified Amendment No. 92 (to Amend-
ment No. 2), to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund.
                     Pages S525–26 
Coons Amendment No. 115 (to Amendment No. 
2), to express the sense of Congress regarding cli-mate change and infrastructure.
                   Pages S526–27 
Carper Amendment No. 120 (to Amendment No. 
2), to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the credits for new qualified fuel cell motor vehicles and alternative fuel vehicle refueling prop-erty.
                                                                            Pages S527–28 
Heitkamp Amendment No. 133 (to Amendment 
No. 2), to express the sense of Congress that the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 should be amended to extend the credit with respect to facilities producing energy from certain renewable resources. 
                                                                                      Pages S528–29 
Cardin Amendment No. 124 (to Amendment No. 
2), to clarify that treaties with Indian tribes remain in effect.
                                                                   Pages S529–31 
Cantwell (for Gillibrand) Amendment No. 48 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to modify the definition of un-derground injection.
                                           Pages S531–32 
Cantwell (for Peters/Stabenow) Amendment No. 
55 (to Amendment No. 2), to require a study of the potential environmental impact of by-products of the Keystone XL pipeline.
                                      Pages S532–36 
Murkowski (for Barrasso) Amendment No. 245 (to 
Amendment No. 2), to clarify that treaties with In-dian tribes remain in effect.
                                   Page S536 
Daines Amendment No. 246 (to Amendment No. 
2), to express the sense of Congress that reauthor-izing the Land and Water Conservation Fund should be a priority.
                                                          Pages S536–37 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached 
providing that at 2:30 p.m., on Wednesday, January 28, 2015, Senate vote on or in relation to the fol-lowing amendments in the order listed: Cardin 
Amendment No. 75 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Peters/Stabenow Amendment No. 70 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Sanders Amend-ment No. 23 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Cruz Amendment No. 15 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Merkley Amendment No. 125 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Moran/Cruz Amendment No. 73 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Whitehouse Amendment No. 148 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Daines Amend-ment No. 132 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Coons Amendment No. 115 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Collins/Warner Amendment No. 35 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Carper Amendment No. 120 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Murkowski Amendment No. 166 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Heitkamp Amendment No. 133 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Cantwell (for Gillibrand) Amendment No. 48 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Murkowski (for Barrasso) Amendment No. 245 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Cardin Amendment No. 124 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), Daines Amendment No. 246 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above), and Burr Modified Amendment No. 92 (to Amendment No. 2) (listed above); that all amend-ments on this list be subject to a 60 vote affirmative threshold for adoption, and that no second-degree amendments be in order to the amendments; and that there be two minutes of debate equally divided between each vote, and that all votes after the first in the series be 10 minutes in length.
             Page S537 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m., on Wednesday, January 28, 2015.
                                                                                  Page S547 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Richard T. Julius, of North Carolina, to be a 
Member of the Internal Revenue Service Oversight Board for a term expiring September 14, 2019. 
Albert Stanley Meiburg, of Georgia, to be Deputy 
Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
Stuart F. Delery, of the District of Columbia, to 
be Associate Attorney General.
                            Page S547 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S541 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S541 
Measures Read the First Time:                        Page S541 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S542–43 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                      Pages S543–46 
Additional Statements:                                           Page S540 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JA5.REC D27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D65 January 27, 2015 
Amendments Submitted:                             Pages S546–47 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S547 
Privileges of the Floor:                                          Page S547 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 11 a.m. and ad-
journed at 9:10 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, January 28, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S547.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
GLOBAL CHALLENGES AND U.S. NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine global challenges and U.S. na-tional security strategy, after receiving testimony from General James N. Mattis, USMC (Ret.), and Admiral William J. Fallon, USN (Ret.), both a former Commander, United States Central Com-mand, and General John M. Keane, USA (Ret.), former Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, all of the Department of Defense. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee ordered favorably reported an original resolution (S. Res. 42) authorizing expenditures by the Committee, and adopted its rules of procedure for the 114th Congress. 
Also, committee announced the following sub-
committee assignments: 
Subcommittee on Housing, Transportation, and Commu-
nity Development: Senators Scott (Chair), Crapo, Hell-
er, Moran, Corker, Cotton, Rounds, Vitter, Menen-dez, Reed, Schumer, Tester, Merkley, Heitkamp, and Donnelly. 
Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer 
Protection: Senators Toomey (Chair), Crapo, Heller, 
Rounds, Corker, Vitter, Kirk, Scott, Merkley, Reed, Schumer, Menendez, Warner, Warren, and Donnelly. 
Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment : 
Senators Crapo (Chair), Corker, Vitter, Toomey, Kirk, Scott, Sasse, Moran, Warner, Reed, Schumer, Menendez, Tester, Warren, and Donnelly. 
Subcommittee on National Security and International 
Trade and Finance: Senators Kirk (Chair), Cotton, 
Sasse, Heitkamp, and Warner. 
Subcommittee on Economic Policy: Senators Heller 
(Chair), Toomey, Cotton, Rounds, Sasse, Moran, Warren, Tester, Merkley, and Heitkamp. 
Senators Shelby and Brown are ex-officio members of 
each subcommittee. IRAN SANCTIONS 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine perspec-tives on the strategic necessity of Iran sanctions, after receiving testimony from Antony Blinken, Deputy Secretary of State; David S. Cohen, Under Secretary of the Treasury for Terrorism and Financial Intel-
ligence; Mark Dubowitz, Foundation for Defense of Democracies, Bethesda, Maryland; and Patrick Claw-son, Washington Institute for Near East Policy, Washington, DC. 
PRESIDENT OBAMA’S 2015 TRADE POLICY 
AGENDA 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine President Obama’s 2015 trade policy agenda, after receiving testimony from Michael Froman, United States Trade Representative. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee announced the following sub-
committee assignments: 
Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations: Senators 
Portman (Chair), McCain, Paul, Lankford, Ayotte, Sasse, McCaskill, Tester, Baldwin, and Heitkamp. 
Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emer-
gency Management: Senators Paul (Chair), Lankford, 
Enzi, Ayotte, Ernst, Sasse, Baldwin, McCaskill, Booker, and Peters. 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Man-
agement: Senators Lankford (Chair), McCain, Portman, 
Enzi, Ernst, Sasse, Heitkamp, Tester, Booker, and Peters. 
Senators Johnson and Carper are ex-officio members of 
each subcommittee. 
NO CHILD LEFT BEHIND 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine No Child Left Behind, focusing on supporting teachers and school leaders, after receiving testimony from Terry Holliday, Kentucky Commissioner of Edu-cation, Frankfort; Dan Goldhaber, American Insti-tutes for Research National Center for Analysis of Longitudinal Data in Education Research, Bothell, Washington; Saul Hinojosa, Somerset School Dis-trict, Somerset, Texas; Rachelle Moore, Madrona K–8, Seattle, Washington, on behalf of the National Education Association; and Christine Handy-Collins, Gaithersburg High School, Gaithersburg, Maryland, on behalf of the National Association of Secondary School Principals. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported an original resolution authorizing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JA5.REC D27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D66 January 27, 2015 
expenditures by the Committee, and adopted its 
rules of procedure for the 114th Congress. INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 39 pub-
lic bills, H.R.539–577; and 8 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 10; and H. Res. 52–58 were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H638–39 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H641 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 159, to stop exploitation through trafficking 
(H. Rept. 114–6, Part 1); 
H.R. 181, to provide justice for the victims of 
trafficking (H. Rept. 114–7); 
H.R. 285, to amend title 18, United States Code, 
to provide a penalty for knowingly selling adver-tising that offers certain commercial sex acts (H. Rept. 114–8); 
H.R. 350, to direct the Interagency Task Force to 
Monitor and Combat Trafficking to identify strate-gies to prevent children from becoming victims of trafficking and review trafficking prevention efforts, and to protect and assist in the recovery of victims of trafficking (H. Rept. 114–9, Part 1); and 
H.R. 399, to require the Secretary of Homeland 
Security to gain and maintain operational control of the international borders of the United States, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–10, Part 1).
                                                          Page H637 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Human Trafficking Prevention, Intervention, 
and Recovery Act of 2015: H.R. 350, to direct the 
Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking to identify strategies to prevent children from becoming victims of trafficking and review trafficking prevention efforts, and to protect and as-sist in the recovery of victims of trafficking; 
                                                                                      Pages H589–92 
Stop Exploitation Through Trafficking Act of 
2015: H.R. 159, amended, to stop exploitation 
through trafficking;                                             Pages H592–95 
Stop Advertising Victims of Exploitation Act of 
2015: H.R. 285, to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide a penalty for knowingly selling ad-
vertising that offers certain commercial sex acts; 
                                                                                Pages H596, H600 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015: 
H.R. 181, amended, to provide justice for the vic-tims of trafficking;
                                              Pages H600–07 
Human Trafficking Detection Act of 2015: H.R. 
460, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to train Department of Homeland Security personnel how to effectively deter, detect, disrupt, and prevent human trafficking during the course of their primary roles and responsibilities; and
                       Pages H607–11 
Trafficking Awareness Training for Health 
Care Act of 2015: H.R. 398, to provide for the de-
velopment and dissemination of evidence-based best practices for health care professionals to recognize victims of a severe form of trafficking and respond to such individuals appropriately.
               Pages H618–20 
LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act—Rule for Consideration: The House agreed to 
H. Res. 48, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 351) to provide for expedited approval of exportation of natural gas, by a yea-and-nay vote of 241 yeas to 169 nays, Roll No. 46.
     Pages H611–16 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures which were debated on Monday, January 26th: 
Strengthening Child Welfare Response to Traf-
ficking Act of 2015: H.R. 469, to amend the Child 
Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to enable State child protective services systems to improve the identification and assessment of child victims of sex trafficking, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 410 yeas 
with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 47; and 
                                                                                      Pages H616–17 
Improving the response to victims of child sex 
trafficking: H.R. 246, to improve the response to 
victims of child sex trafficking, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay 
vote of 411 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 48.
                                                                               Pages H617–18 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JA5.REC D27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D67 January 27, 2015 
Unanimous consent agreement to correct H.R. 
515: Agreed by unanimous consent that in the en-
grossment of H.R. 515, the Clerk be instructed to make the correction placed at the desk.
          Page H618 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, January 28.
                         Page H626 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes 
and one recorded vote developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H616, H616–17, H618. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 7:12 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE’S BUDGET AND ECONOMIC OUTLOOK 
Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘The Congressional Budget Office’s Budget and Economic Outlook’’. Testimony was heard from Douglas W. Elmendorf, Director, Con-gressional Budget Office. 
WHAT ARE THE ELEMENTS OF SOUND 
DATA BREACH LEGISLATION? 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘What are the Elements of Sound Data Breach Legislation?’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
EXAMINING PUBLIC HEALTH 
LEGISLATION TO HELP PATIENTS AND LOCAL COMMUNITIES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Public Health Legislation to Help Patients and Local Com-munities’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
SUSTAINABLE HOUSING FINANCE: AN 
UPDATE FROM THE DIRECTOR OF THE FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Sustainable Housing Finance: An Update from the Director of the Federal Housing Fi-nance Agency’’. Testimony was heard from Melvin L. Watt, Director, Federal Housing Finance Agency. 
IRAN NUCLEAR NEGOTIATIONS AFTER 
THE SECOND EXTENSION: WHERE ARE THEY GOING? 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Iran Nuclear Negotiations After the Second Extension: Where Are They Going?’’. 
Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
NIGERIA ON THE BRINK? 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ni-geria on the Brink?’’. Testimony was heard from Robert P. Jackson, Principal Deputy Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of African Affairs, Department of State; and public witnesses. 
THE EVOLUTION OF TERRORIST 
PROPAGANDA: THE PARIS ATTACK AND SOCIAL MEDIA 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Evolution of Terrorist Propaganda: The Paris Attack and Social Media’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING 
Committee on House Administration: Full Committee 
held an organizational meeting for the 114th Con-gress. The committee adopted its rules, oversight plan, parking policy, and a resolution declaring the committee’s electronic repository. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 527, the ‘‘Small Business Regu-latory Flexibility Improvements Act of 2015’’. H.R. 527 was ordered reported, without amendment. 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING; 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held an organizational meeting for the 114th Congress and a markup on H.R. 50, the ‘‘Un-funded Mandates Information Transparency Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 313, the ‘‘Wounded Warriors Fed-eral Leave Act of 2015’’. The committee adopted its rules and approved subcommittee assignments. H.R. 50 and H.R. 313 were ordered reported, without amendment. 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-
mittee held an organizational meeting for the 114th Congress. The committee adopted its rules and over-sight plan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JA5.REC D27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D68 January 27, 2015 
THE EXPANDING CYBER THREAT 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The Expanding Cyber Threat’’. Testi-mony was heard from James Kurose, Assistant Direc-tor, Computer and Information Science and Engi-neering Directorate, National Science Foundation; Charles H. Romine, Director, Information Tech-nology Laboratory, National Institute of Standards and Technology; Eric A. Fischer, Senior Specialist in Science and Technology, Congressional Research Service; and public witnesses. 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full 
Committee held an organizational meeting for the 114th Congress. The committee adopted its rules, rosters, and oversight plan. 
REBUILDING AFTER THE STORM: 
LESSENING IMPACTS AND SPEEDING RECOVERY 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Rebuilding After the Storm: Lessening Im-pacts and Speeding Recovery’’. Testimony was heard from W. Craig Fugate, Administrator, Federal Emer-gency Management Agency; Francis X. McCarthy, Analyst in Emergency Management Policy, Congres-sional Research Service; R. David Paulison, Former Administrator, Federal Emergency Management Agency; and public witnesses. 
BUSINESS MEETING; LEGISLATIVE 
HEARING 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a 
business meeting to designate Congresswoman Kath-leen Rice to subcommittees and a hearing on H.R. 189, the ‘‘Servicemember Foreclosure Protections Ex-tension Act of 2015’’; H.R. 216, the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Planning Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 245, to amend title 38, United States Code, to codify certain existing provisions of law re-lating to effective dates for claims under the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; H.R. 280, to authorize the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to recoup bonuses and awards paid to employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs; and H.R. 294, the ‘‘Long-Term Care Veterans Choice Act’’. Congresswoman Kathleen Rice was designated to two subcommittees. Testi-mony was heard from Representative Grayson; the following Department of Veterans Affairs officials: David R. McLenachen, Acting Deputy Under Sec-retary for Disability Assistance, Veterans Benefits 
Administration; Susan Sullivan, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy, Office of Policy and Planning; 
and Kim McLeod, Counsel, Office of General Coun-sel; and public witnesses. 
A REVIEW OF THE TRANSITION 
ASSISTANCE PROGRAM 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Opportunity held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Re-view of the Transition Assistance Program’’. Testi-mony was heard from Curtis L. Coy, Deputy Under Secretary for Economic Opportunity, Veterans Bene-fits Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; Teresa W. Gerton, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Vet-erans’ Employment and Training Service, Depart-ment of Labor; Susan Kelly, Director, Transition to Veterans Program Office, Office of the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, De-partment of Defense; and public witnesses. 
U.S. TRADE POLICY AGENDA 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Trade Policy Agenda’’. Tes-timony was heard from Michael Froman, U.S. Trade Representative. 
HEARING 3 
Select Committee on Benghazi: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Hearing 3’’, relating to status re-view of outstanding requests. Testimony was heard from Neil Higgins, Director of Congressional Af-fairs, Central Intelligence Agency; and Joel Rubin, Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs, Department of State. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JANUARY 28, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: organi-
zational business meeting to consider an original resolu-tion authorizing expenditures by the Committee, rules of procedure for the 114th Congress, and subcommittee as-signments, 4 p.m., SR–328A. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the impact of the ‘‘Budget Control Act of 2011’’ and se-questration on national security, 9:30 a.m., SD–106. 
Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine the 
Congressional Budget Office’s (CBO) budget and eco-nomic outlook for fiscal years 2015–2025, 10 a.m., SD–608. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JA5.REC D27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D69 January 27, 2015 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to 
hold hearings to examine freight rail transportation, fo-cusing on enhancing safety, efficiency, and commerce, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-
ings to examine MAP–21 reauthorization, focusing on Federal and state perspectives, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider H.R. 
22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act, 11 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: organizational business 
meeting to consider an original resolution authorizing ex-
penditures by the Committee, subcommittee assignments, rules of procedure for the 114th Congress, and S. Res. 35, commemorating the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz extermination camp in Nazi-occupied Po-land, 9:45 a.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: orga-
nizational business meeting to consider an original resolu-tion authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress, committee rules of procedure, sub-committee assignments, S. 192, to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Strengthening Education Through Research Act’’, and any pending nominations, 9:30 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine protecting America from cyber attacks, focusing on the importance of information sharing, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: organizational business 
meeting to consider selection of the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Committee, committee rules of proce-dure, and an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 114th Congress; to be im-
mediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine Indian country priorities for the 114th Congress, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine 
the nomination of the Attorney General, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: organi-
zational business meeting to consider an original resolu-tion authorizing expenditures by the Committee, and rules of procedure for the 114th Congress, 10:30 a.m., SR–428A. 
Special Committee on Aging: organizational business 
meeting to consider an original resolution authorizing ex-penditures by the Committee, and rules of procedure for the 114th Congress, 2 p.m., S–211, Capitol. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations , Full Committee, organiza-
tional meeting for the 114th Congress, 9:15 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Armed Services , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘A Case for Reform: Improving DOD’s Ability to Respond to the Pace of Technological Change’’, 9:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , Full Committee, organi-
zational meeting for the 114th Congress, 9:45 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Subcommittee 
on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Supercomputing and Amer-ican Technology Leadership’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee On Veterans’ Affairs , Subcommittee on 
Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Quality and Cost of VA Health Care’’, 10:15 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , Full Com-
mittee, organizational meeting for the 114th Congress, 10 a.m., HVC–304. This meeting may close. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JA5.REC D27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD70 January 27, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, January 28 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will continue consideration of S. 1, Keystone XL Pipe-line, with a series of votes on or in relation to amend-ments to the bill beginning at 2:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Wednesday, January 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 351— 
LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E125 
Brat, Dave, Va., E120 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E121 Carter, John R., Tex., E123 Cicilline, David N., Calif, E119 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E122 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E117 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E124 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E126 Farr, Sam, Calif., E117 
Fattah, Chaka, Pa., E117 Forbes, J. Randy, Va., E124 Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E117 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E117 Hahn, Janice, Calif., E126 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E118, E120, E120, E121, 
E123, E125, E126 
Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E119 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E119, E126 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E118 Olson, Pete, Tex., E122 
Poe, Ted, Tex., E123 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E118, E121 Schweikert, David, Ariz., E125 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E125 Valadao, David G., Calif., E120 Walden, Greg, Ore., E122 Waters, Maxine, Calif., E122 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E117 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:22 Jan 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27JA5.REC D27JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST