Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5471 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 27, 2015 No. 119 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
July 27, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable C ARLOS  
CURBELO to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
TEXANS IN THE FORGOTTEN WAR: 
KOREA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, an 
armistice was signed 62 years ago today to signify the official end of the Korean war. It was July 27, 1953. 
This first conflict of the cold war oc-
curred when communist North Korea invaded South Korea 3 years earlier. 
The defense of South Korea was sup-
posedly a U.N. action, but as history shows, the United States, unprepared for this war, took the brunt of the fighting, along with the South Kore-
ans. 
In the end, the war resulted in a 
cease-fire until both sides could ‘‘find a peaceful settlement.’’ No settlement has ever occurred. 
This war has been referred to as ‘‘the 
forgotten war.’’ It is barely mentioned in our textbooks. Over 50,000 Ameri-cans were killed; 1,700 of them were from Texas. 
Thirteen Texans went above and be-
yond the call of duty in Korea. They received the Congressional Medal of Honor for their valor. Ten of them were killed in combat. 
Major George Andrew Davis, Jr., 
United States Air Force. While flying his F–86 Sabrejet, he and his wingman attacked 12 MIGs to protect a squadron of U.S. bombers. 
After shooting down two MIGs, he 
continued the fight until he was killed. His actions resulted in the U.S. bomb-ers successfully completing their mis-sion. 
Staff Sergeant Ambrosio Guillen, 
United States Marine Corps, was killed 2 days before the cease-fire. He turned an overwhelming enemy attack into a disorderly retreat while supervising the defense of his position, the treat-ment, and evacuation of the wounded. 
Private First Class Jack G. Hanson, 
United States Army. While covering the withdrawal of his fellow soldiers, Hanson, alone, manned his machinegun to stop the enemy attack. He was later found surrounded by 22 of the enemy dead. His machinegun and pistol were empty and his hand clutched his ma-chete. 
Hospital Corpsman John E. Kilmer, 
United States Navy. In helping defend a vital hill position during an assault, he braved enemy fire to aid the wound-ed and was killed while shielding a wounded marine with his own body. 
Corporal Benito Martinez. Electing 
to remain at his post during an attack, he inflicted numerous casualties against an enemy onslaught and re-
fused to be rescued because of the dan-ger involved to his other fellow troops. His stand enabled troops to attack and regain the terrain. He was in the United States Army. 
First Lieutenant Frank N. Mitchell, 
United States Marine Corps, led a hand-to-hand struggle to repel the enemy, led a party to search for the wounded, and singlehandedly covered the withdrawal of his men before being fatally shot. 
Private First Class Whitt L. 
Moreland, United States Marine Corps. During an attempt to neutralize an enemy bunker, he covered an oncoming grenade with his own body. His self- sacrifice saved the lives of his fellow Marines. 
Second Lieutenant George H. 
O’Brien, Jr., United States Marine Corps. While wounded during an attack against a hostile enemy, he refused to be evacuated and continued in the as-sault. He set up a defense, aided the wounded, and covered the withdrawal so no one was left behind. 
Corporal Charles F. Pendleton, 
United States Army. He was mortally wounded by a mortar burst while hero-ically manning a machinegun and car-bine during multiple waves of enemy attacks. 
First Lieutenant James L. Stone, 
United States Army, led his troops in a last-ditch stand of a vital outpost. He exposed himself to enemy fire to direct his platoon. When the final over-whelming assault swept over their po-sition, a mortally wounded Lieutenant Stone urged his men to continue the fight. 
Master Sergeant Travis E. Watkins, 
United States Army, led 30 men of his unit when surrounded by the enemy. Through his leadership, a small force of those 30 men destroyed nearly 500 of the enemy before abandoning their po-sition. A paralyzed Sergeant Watkins refused his evacuation, as his condition would slow down his comrades. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Jul 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.000 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5472 July 27, 2015 
Corporal Victor Espinoza, United 
States Army. During an attack, he sin-glehandedly destroyed an enemy ma-chinegun, mortar position, two bunk-ers, and tunnel, taking a heavy toll on the enemy, with at least 14 dead and 11 others wounded. 
Master Sergeant Mike C. Pena, 
United States Army. After ordering his men to fall back during a fierce attack, he manned a machinegun to cover their withdrawal. He singlehandedly held back the enemy until the next morn-ing, when his position was overrun and he was killed. 
Mr. Speaker, 62 years later, on this 
day, we remember the sacrifices of these Texas Medal of Honor recipients and other Americans in the forgotten war. 
The Korean War Memorial down the 
street appropriately depicts 38 uni-formed Americans moving silently in the brutal cold and rough terrain in some forgotten place, in a forgotten war, in Korea. Mr. Speaker, let us for-get this unforgettable war no more. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
CHAPLAIN CORPS’ 240TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to commemorate the 240th birthday of the military Chaplain Corps. 
During the early days of the Revolu-
tionary War that led to our great Na-tion’s independence, General George Washington called for the establish-ment of the Chaplain Corps to minister to the men who braved harsh condi-tions and incredible odds to fight for the freedom of their families and their Nation. 
On July 29, 1775, the Continental Con-
gress responded to that call. The initial Army Chaplain Corps would later ex-pand to every branch of America’s armed services. 
The very existence of the Chaplain 
Corps and its persistence over the last 240 years says much about our Nation’s view of the fighting force. 
From the beginning, America has un-
derstood that our warfighters are not only soldiers, but whole human beings whose hearts and souls need just as much care as their bodies. 
Chaplains have served in all of Amer-
ica’s conflicts and major wars and en-gagements, from the colonial era to the battlefields in Afghanistan and Iraq. Hundreds of chaplains have laid down their lives for our Nation. 
Chaplains are not simply people of 
faith who decide to minister in the military. Chaplains are professionals who have had extensive religious edu-cation as well as experience walking with people through the challenges of life. 
Candidates for chaplain must receive 
an ecclesiastical endorsement from their faith group that testifies to his or her spiritual, moral, intellectual, and 
emotional preparedness to serve as a chaplain. They must possess a graduate degree in theological or religious stud-ies. 
Furthermore, each potential chaplain 
must demonstrate their commitment to a free exercise of religion by all military personnel while, at the same time, adhering to all military stand-ards of conduct and physical training. 
In a very real sense, chaplains serve 
on the front lines in the battle to en-sure religious liberty in our pluralistic society. 
Chaplains are there for those of faith 
and for those of no faith. Chaplains are there for the people who serve us. 
In war and peace, chaplains provide 
our servicemembers and their families with prayer, counsel, guidance, sacra-ments, and sometimes just simply a shoulder to cry on. 
The Chaplain Corps and its vital role 
in the United States Armed Forces is a matter near and dear to my heart for, since 2002, I have had the privilege of serving the United States Air Force Reserve as a military chaplain. 
I volunteered to serve the men and 
women of the U.S. Air Force Reserve as a chaplain because I believe the calling of all is to serve how we can in the best way we can. The freedoms of our coun-try have asked no less of us. 
Chaplains have the honor of serving 
every member of the Armed Forces who might cross their path. We see the military from a very unique perspec-tive. 
We hear young enlisted soldiers and 
seasoned officers ask similar questions of faith and family. They speak of all- too-familiar family challenges and the struggles that they, too, go through. 
As members of the military our-
selves, chaplains certainly are not blind to rank. But given our focus on the unseen, our care for the soul, we do have a tendency to see more of what binds our fighting force together as fel-low sojourners in this life than any-thing that might separate them. 
You see, our challenges take us from 
the very war rooms and the very inner circles of commanders preparing for battle to the very newest who serve just on a guard. 
As I did in Iraq back in 2008, it was 
my privilege to see some of our best and brightest serving at night in the middle of a land far away from home. One in particular sticks out. 
When she came, I first met her. She 
was there, arriving late. 
When she got there, I was sort of 
wondering: Why did you come late from your unit? 
She said: Well, sir, I had a little bit 
of a delay. 
And I said: Well, what was that? I was just curious. She said: Well, just a few months 
ago, I had my little baby girl. 
And I thought for just a moment. She said: But I was wanting to be 
here because I have trained and I didn’t want to let my fellow members down. So for the rest of that time, I was 
there with her. Over those next few months, we explored and I saw through pictures the life of a mother separated from her young child, but watching the experiences of growth as she not only served her country, but she served as a mom. 
It has been a tremendous blessing to 
see and to honor the commitment of our fellow chaplains, chaplains who go when they are told to go. They commit themselves to serving when others are in need. 
And those are the kinds of stories 
that the Chaplain Corps’ birthday cele-brates for me. It is seeing men and women who take their faith seriously, but also take the Constitution seri-ously when religious liberties are pro-tected. Those are things worth stand-ing up for. It is truly a blessing. 
The men and women who have poured 
their lives into the servicemembers and their families over the last 240 years have made a profound impact on our military and our entire Nation. 
It is with that thought in mind that 
I wish every member of the Chaplain Corps the very best on this special oc-casion. 
Chaplains, wherever you are today, 
as one who serves with you, you serve a vital role. Keep it up. Keep pro-tecting our Constitution, and keep tak-ing care of the Nation, who sends their best young men and young women to protect us for the very privilege of sit-ting in this Chamber, speaking today, and being a part of it. 
May the Chaplain Corps continue to 
provide a strong spiritual, moral, and ethical compass for the United States Army and Armed Forces for many cen-turies to come. And as one who serves, may I just say, bless them all in peace as they go about their work. 
f 
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY SCHOOL 
DISCIPLINE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE 
of Texas). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) 
for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, today I rise to recognize leaders of Miami-Dade County Public Schools for attending a recent meeting at the White House to discuss school dis-cipline. 
The purpose of the discussion was to 
determine alternatives to common school disciplinary measures to keep students focused on learning. 
Exclusionary discipline has become 
far too common, often exacerbating the problems for students who struggle in school. This leads kids down a path where they fall behind other students and sometimes end up in the juvenile 
justice system. 
A change in school discipline proce-
dures is long overdue. Rather than pro-moting an atmosphere of compounding punishments, we need to help our stu-dents get back on a positive track and help them succeed while also maintain-ing the safety of their classmates and teachers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Jul 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.006 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5473 July 27, 2015 
Prior to being elected to Congress, I 
served for 4 years as a board member of Miami-Dade County Public Schools. I have seen firsthand the bold efforts to reform disciplinary tactics and reverse the trend that plagues so many school districts. 
For example, Miami-Dade has cre-
ated sites across the county for sus-pended children to attend rather than forcing them to waste their time out of school. 
I applaud the board, led by Chair 
Perla Tabares Hantman, and Super-intendent Alberto Carvalho for their leadership on this issue and their will-ingness to participate in this impor-tant discussion. 
I look forward to working with them 
to promote proper and safe school dis-cipline that benefits the students, their parents, and their teachers. 
STEM EDUCATION  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to discuss the impor-tance of science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics education and also recognize the great work being done in the 26th District of Florida to encourage these classes. 
b1215 
It is no secret that jobs that require 
a STEM-related background are pro-jected to outpace other fields as many companies struggle to hire qualified candidates. We need to encourage our students to pursue these fields early on in school and ensure that our educators have the necessary tools to help cul-tivate an interest in STEM classes for our students. 
In an effort to reach the goal of grad-
uating more STEM students, Miami- Dade County has launched an innova-tive new training and certification pro-gram for teachers in collaboration with Florida International University. 
FIU has developed a program that 
promotes STEM teacher training for first-year college students, where they 
are paired with Miami-Dade County public school teachers to give them firsthand experience in the classroom. The goal is to encourage more STEM majors to go into teaching. 
I applaud the work being done in 
Florida’s 26th District and look for-ward to further promoting STEM edu-cation in south Florida’s classroom. 
Congratulations, again, to FIU and 
to Miami-Dade County public schools. 
STARTUP DAY ACROSS AMERICA  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to recognize Wednesday, Au-gust 19, as Startup Day all across America, and I encourage everyone to visit at least one small business in your community on this day. 
Startups are quickly developing right 
before our eyes. Throughout our coun-try, there are countless small busi-nesses that range from retail to health care, and these companies are changing the workforce as we know it. Entre-preneurs are leading the way to a brighter future by using innovative so-lutions and reinventing the way we look at small businesses. Our local businesses employ our 
friends and neighbors, helping them to pay their bills and provide a better life for themselves and their families. As a member of the Small Business Com-mittee, I recommend that we never for-get the vital role that our local busi-nesses play in keeping our neighbor-hoods strong and prosperous. 
Again, I encourage everyone to par-
ticipate in Startup Day across America on Wednesday, August 19, and help these small businesses continue to grow. 
225TH BIRTHDAY OF THE U .S. COAST GUARD  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to celebrate August 4 as the 225th birthday of the United States Coast Guard. 
The Coast Guard is one of our Na-
tion’s five branches of the armed serv-ices and can trace its origins back to August 4, 1790, when the first U.S. Con-gress appropriated the funds to con-struct 10 vessels. These ships were des-ignated with enforcing tariff and trade laws, while also preventing smuggling and protecting the collection of Fed-eral revenue. 
Mr. Speaker, I am particularly proud 
to represent Coast Guard Sector Key West, a base located in south Florida that covers 55,000 square miles. The coasties stationed at Sector Key West are tasked with the same responsibil-ities as their predecessors and also have the crucial job of combating drug smuggling from the Caribbean and South America. This is no easy task, but I am proud of the work the Coast Guard continues to do to stifle drugs from entering our communities. 
Semper Paratus—Always Ready— 
this is the motto of our beloved Coast Guard, and our Nation owes a sincere debt of gratitude to the coasties and all those who protect our great country. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia). Pursuant to clause 
12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 18 
minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. E
MMER of Minnesota) at 2 
p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
We give You thanks, O God, for giv-
ing us another day. 
You speak as one who whispers to a 
beloved. You speak to the heart, but through the ages, people have not and do not listen. You give us Your Word as a gift, filled with promise; yet time and again, Your Word goes unheeded. Encourage the Members of this House 
to listen carefully to Your Word and, rather than play with numbers or spin on language, face the truth straightforwardly, studying with hon-esty long and hard, and with humble attention remain completely open to Your impelling spirit. 
And in the midst of complex and con-
flicting situations, may each Member, with confidence, be able to say to You: ‘‘Speak, Lord. Your servant is listen-ing.’’ 
May all that is done within the peo-
ple’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause one, rule I, the 
Journal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. KILDEE led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF STAFF SERGEANT 
DAVID WYATT 
(Mr. WOMACK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the memory of Staff Sergeant David Wyatt, who was taken much too soon from his family and friends on July 16. David, a marine and loving father, was born November 7, 1979, in Morganton, North Carolina. 
David was a graduate of Russellville 
High School in Russellville, Arkansas, my alma mater. He was a veteran of both Iraq and Afghanistan. For his service, Staff Sergeant Wyatt earned numerous medals and commendations for exemplary service in the infantry. He was a dedicated marine. 
While performing his duties on July 
16 as the battery operations chief, 3rd Battalion, 14th Marine Regiment, 4th Marine Division, Staff Sergeant Wyatt was gunned down during the tragic Chattanooga shooting that killed him, along with three other marines and a Navy sailor. 
It is devastating that this decorated 
marine was taken in the homeland that he served so valiantly overseas to pro-tect. His death shook the Arkansas River Valley in yet another senseless act of violence that can never be ex-plained, justified, or tolerated. 
The Russellville and Adkins commu-
nities and the entire Third District of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Jul 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.004 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5474 July 27, 2015 
Arkansas mourn the loss of my fellow 
Russellville Cyclone and his fellow servicemen. My prayers are with his wife, Lorri; his two children, Rebecca and Heath; and his parents, Lew Wyatt of St. Augustine, Florida, and Deborah Boen of Atkins, Arkansas. 
May God bless those he leaves be-
hind, as they search for peace and un-derstanding through this terrible trag-edy. 
f 
LONG-TERM SURFACE 
TRANSPORTATION BILL 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, House Re-
publicans have had more than 4
1⁄2years 
to craft a long-term surface transpor-tation bill. Their dysfunction and in-ability to govern is starting to have a real impact on hard-working Ameri-cans and on our communities. 
They continue to lurch from crisis to 
crisis; meanwhile, our Nation’s crum-bling roads and bridges—and our econ-omy—suffer as a result. It is like deja vu all over again, another highway deadline this week. 
Mr. Speaker, no more short-term 
month-to-month fixes. Enough is enough. In the last decade, Congress has passed 11 short-term funding bills to keep the highway trust fund solvent. If we are going to pass a long-term so-lution to rebuild our roads and bridges, it is going to take the courage of our convictions; it is going to take us working together across the aisle to get this done. 
Our Nation’s roads, bridges, and rails 
are in an urgent state of repair. One- third of America’s roads are in poor or mediocre condition. One out of every four bridge is in need of significant re-pair. 
The House Republican leadership 
needs to get serious and find a long- term fix to the highway trust fund. Our country relies on it. 
f 
FARM FAMILIES—LINKING THE 
PAST TO THE FUTURE 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in order to recog-nize the importance of farm families throughout the great State of Min-nesota. 
The University of Minnesota recently 
recognized the 2015 Minnesota Farm Families from across the State, and I am proud to represent five of these families who call the Sixth Congres-sional District home. 
These farm families include the 
Bruce Bacon Garden Farm in Anoka County, the Scapanski Dairy in Benton County, the Buckentine Family Dairy in Carver County, the Reuter Family Farm in Washington County, and the Bernings’ Green Waves Farm, Inc., in Wright County. For many Minnesotans, farming isn’t 
just a profession; it is a way of life. Family farms link the past to the fu-ture with each generation passing their work ethic, land, and traditions to the next. These farms make up the heart-land of America and exemplify what makes Minnesota’s agriculture indus-try great, which is why they should be celebrated. 
Congratulations to the 2015 Min-
nesota Farm Families, and thank you so much for everything that you do. 
f 
REFORM OUR JUSTICE SYSTEM 
(Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, a few weeks ago, I came to the floor and said it felt like open season on Black men in America. People around the country agree that the police killings undermine the efforts of good police and break the trust between po-lice and their communities. 
Black women and girls face the same 
threats and many more. Unsettling video of a police officer in Texas man-handling an unarmed 15-year-old girl in a bathing suit served as a wake-up call to all of us. 
The arrest and death of Sandra Bland 
reminds us that the fight for equal jus-tice under the law continues. 
Black women also face a unique and, 
too often, unreported violence: sexual assault. In Oklahoma, an officer is on trial for sexually assaulting eight Black women. Tragically, this story is not unique. The challenges Black men face are real, but I was humbled to learn how unequal justice affects Black women. 
Black women are the fastest growing 
prison population, and their stories must be told if we are going to break this trend. 
Mr. Speaker, it is open season on all 
Americans. 
f 
FLOOD INSURANCE 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to underscore a serious problem in Pasco County, Florida, this week that is devastating homeowners—flood-ing—after days of continuous rain. 
After Tropical Storm Debby in 2012, 
the Army Corps of Engineers worked with county officials to implement some measures to mitigate flooding, but more needs to be done. 
For instance, Pasco County officials 
have been working for 19 years to ex-tend Ridge Road. One of the main jus-tifications for the Ridge Road exten-sion is a matter of safety. An extension is a much-needed evacuation route in the case of natural disasters, like flooding or hurricanes. 
As of today, an evacuation issued for 
Elfers, Florida, in my district, is ongo-ing. The Ridge Road extension needs to 
be approved. Nineteen years is far too long. The Army Corps must stop drag-ging its feet. 
The serious flood this week dem-
onstrates the need for action. I hope that the Corps gets the message. 
f 
PRESERVE AND STRENGTHEN 
MEDICARE 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remind my colleagues of our responsibility to pre-serve and strengthen the Medicare Pro-gram for future generations. 
Last week, the Centers for Medicare 
and Medicaid Services released its an-nual Medicare trustees report, an up-date on the long-term solvency and ef-fectiveness of this vastly important health insurance program. 
While the report projected that the 
trust fund that finances Medicare’s hospital insurance coverage will re-main solvent until 2030, it also cau-tioned that a high number of Medicare beneficiaries could see their Medicare part B premiums sharply increase in January of 2016. 
As a former healthcare professional 
and nursing home administrator, I un-derstand the importance of providing access to quality care at a realistic cost. One of the ways we can make Medicare services more affordable is by targeting waste and abuse within the program. 
With this in mind, I have consist-
ently worked with my colleagues to in-troduce and support legislation aimed at reducing fraud and increasing ad-ministrative effectiveness. 
I look forward to continuing these ef-
forts and urge my colleagues to join me in finding new ways to safeguard and sustain Medicare. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota) laid before the 
House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, July 24, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on July 24, 2015 at 10:19 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 23. 
That the Senate passed with an amend-
ment H.R. 2499. 
That the Senate passed without an amend-
ment H.R. 1626. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.007 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5475 July 27, 2015 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 12 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1500 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. P
OEof Texas) at 3 p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
SAWTOOTH NATIONAL RECRE-
ATION AREA AND JERRY PEAK WILDERNESS ADDITIONS ACT 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1138) to establish certain wil-derness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances in-volving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other pur-poses. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1138 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness Additions Act’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
TITLE I—WILDERNESS DESIGNATIONS 
Sec. 101. Additions to National Wilderness 
Preservation System in the State of Idaho. 
Sec. 102. Administration. Sec. 103. Water rights. Sec. 104. Military overflights. Sec. 105. Adjacent management. Sec. 106. Native American cultural and reli-
gious uses. 
Sec. 107. Acquisition of land and interests in 
land. 
Sec. 108. Wilderness review. 
TITLE II—LAND CONVEYANCES FOR 
PUBLIC PURPOSES 
Sec. 201. Short title. 
Sec. 202. Blaine County, Idaho. Sec. 203. Custer County, Idaho. Sec. 204. City of Challis, Idaho. Sec. 205. City of Clayton, Idaho. Sec. 206. City of Stanley, Idaho. Sec. 207. Terms and conditions of permits or 
land conveyances. SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means— 
(A) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-
spect to land administered by the Forest Service; or 
(B) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-
spect to land administered by the Bureau of Land Management. 
(2) W
ILDERNESS AREA .—The term ‘‘wilder-
ness area’’ means any of the areas designated as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System by section 101. 
TITLE I—WILDERNESS DESIGNATIONS 
SEC. 101. ADDITIONS TO NATIONAL WILDERNESS 
PRESERVATION SYSTEM IN THE STATE OF IDAHO. 
(a) H EMINGWAY -BOULDERS WILDERNESS .—In 
accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), certain Federal lands in the Sawtooth and Challis National Forests in the State of Idaho, comprising approxi-mately 67,998 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Hemingway/Boulders Wil-derness Area-Proposed’’ and dated February 25, 2015, are designated as wilderness and as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System, which shall be known as the ‘‘Hemingway-Boulders Wilderness’’. 
(b) W
HITE CLOUDS WILDERNESS .—In accord-
ance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), certain Federal lands in the Saw-tooth and Challis National Forests in the State of Idaho, comprising approximately 90,769 acres, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘White Clouds Wilderness Area-Pro-posed’’ and dated March 13, 2014, are des-ignated as wilderness and as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation Sys-tem, which shall be known as the ‘‘White Clouds Wilderness’’. 
(c) J
IMMCCLURE -JERRY PEAK WILDER -
NESS.—In accordance with the Wilderness 
Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), certain Federal lands in the Challis National Forest and Challis District of the Bureau of Land Man-agement in the State of Idaho, comprising approximately 116,898 acres, as generally de-picted on the map entitled ‘‘Jim McClure- Jerry Peak Wilderness’’ and dated February 21, 2015, are designated as wilderness and as a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System, which shall be known as the ‘‘Jim McClure-Jerry Peak Wilder-ness’’. 
(d) M
APS AND LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a map and legal description for each wilderness area. 
(2) E
FFECT .—Each map and legal descrip-
tion submitted under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may correct minor errors in the map or legal de-scription. 
(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Each map and legal de-
scription submitted under paragraph (1) shall be available in the appropriate offices of the Forest Service or the Bureau of Land Man-agement. 
SEC. 102. ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to valid existing 
rights, each wilderness area shall be admin-istered by the Secretary in accordance with the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), except that— 
(1) any reference in that Act to the effec-
tive date shall be considered to be a ref-erence to the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) with respect to wilderness areas that 
are administered by the Secretary of the In-terior, any reference in the Wilderness Act 
to the Secretary of Agriculture shall be con-sidered to be a reference to the Secretary of the Interior. 
(b) C
ONSISTENT INTERPRETATION .—The Sec-
retary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior shall seek to ensure that the wilderness areas are interpreted for the pub-lic as an overall complex linked by— 
(1) common location in the Boulder-White 
Cloud Mountains; and 
(2) common identity with the natural and 
cultural history of the State of Idaho and the Native American and pioneer heritage of the State. 
(c) C
OMPREHENSIVE WILDERNESS MANAGE -
MENT PLAN.—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall collaboratively develop wilderness management plans for the wilderness areas. 
(d) F
IRE, INSECTS , AND DISEASE .—Within 
the wilderness areas, the Secretary may take such measures as the Secretary determines to be necessary for the control of fire, in-sects, and disease in accordance with section 4(d)(1) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131(d)(1)). 
(e) L
IVESTOCK .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Within the wilderness 
areas, the grazing of livestock in which graz-ing is established before the date of enact-ment of this Act shall be allowed to con-tinue, subject to such reasonable regula-tions, policies, and practices as the Sec-retary determines to be necessary, in accord-ance with— 
(A) section 4(d)(4) of the Wilderness Act (16 
U.S.C. 1131(d)(4)); 
(B) with respect to wilderness areas admin-
istered by the Secretary of Agriculture, the guidelines described in House Report 96–617 of the 96th Congress; and 
(C) with respect to wilderness areas admin-
istered by the Secretary of the Interior, the guidelines described in appendix A of House Report 101–405 of the 101st Congress. 
(2) D
ONATION OF GRAZING PERMITS AND  
LEASES .— 
(A) A CCEPTANCE BY SECRETARY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ac-
cept the donation of any valid existing leases or permits authorizing grazing on public land or National Forest System land, all or a portion of which are within the area de-picted as the ‘‘Boulder White Clouds Grazing Area’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Boulder White Clouds Grazing Area Map’’ and dated Janu-ary 27, 2010. 
(ii) P
ARTIAL DONATION .—A person holding a 
valid grazing permit or lease for a grazing al-lotment partially within the area described in clause (i) may elect to donate only the portion of the grazing permit or lease that is within the area. 
(B) T
ERMINATION .—With respect to each 
permit or lease donated under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— 
(i) terminate the grazing permit or lease or 
portion of the permit or lease; and 
(ii) except as provided in subparagraph (C), 
ensure a permanent end to grazing on the land covered by the permit or lease or por-tion of the permit or lease. 
(C) C
OMMON ALLOTMENTS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—If the land covered by a 
permit or lease donated under subparagraph (A) is also covered by another valid grazing permit or lease that is not donated, the Sec-retary shall reduce the authorized level on the land covered by the permit or lease to re-flect the donation of the permit or lease under subparagraph (A). 
(ii) A
UTHORIZED LEVEL .—To ensure that 
there is a permanent reduction in the level of grazing on the land covered by the permit or lease donated under subparagraph (A), the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Jul 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.010 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5476 July 27, 2015 
Secretary shall not allow grazing use to ex-
ceed the authorized level established under clause (i). 
(D) P
ARTIAL DONATION .—If a person holding 
a valid grazing permit or lease donates less than the full amount of grazing use author-ized under the permit or lease, the Secretary shall— 
(i) reduce the authorized grazing level to 
reflect the donation; and 
(ii) modify the permit or lease to reflect 
the revised level or area of use. 
(f) O
UTFITTING AND GUIDE ACTIVITIES .—In 
accordance with section 4(d)(5) of the Wilder-ness Act (16 U.S.C. 1133(d)(5)), commercial services (including authorized outfitting and guide activities) within the wilderness areas are authorized to the extent necessary for activities which are proper for realizing the recreational or other wilderness purposes of the wilderness areas. 
(g) F
ISH AND WILDLIFE .—Nothing in this 
title affects the jurisdiction of the State of Idaho with respect to the management of fish and wildlife on public land in the State, including the regulation of hunting, fishing, and trapping within the wilderness areas. 
(h) A
CCESS .—In accordance with section 
5(a) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1134(a)), the Secretary shall provide the owner of State or private property within the bound-ary of a wilderness area adequate access to the property. 
SEC. 103. WATER RIGHTS. 
(a) S TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this title— 
(1) shall constitute either an express or im-
plied reservation by the United States of any water rights with respect to the wilderness areas designated by section 101; 
(2) affects any water rights— (A) in the State of Idaho existing on the 
date of enactment of this Act, including any water rights held by the United States; or 
(B) decreed in the Snake River Basin Adju-
dication, including any stipulation approved by the court in such adjudication between the United States and the State of Idaho with respect to such water rights; or 
(3)(A) establishes a precedent with regard 
to any future wilderness designations; or 
(B) limits, alters, modifies, or amends sec-
tion 9 of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area Act (16 U.S.C. 460aa–8). 
(b) N
EWPROJECTS .— 
(1) P ROHIBITION .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this Act, on and after the date of the enactment of this Act, neither the President nor any other officer, employee, or agent of the United States shall fund, assist, author-ize, or issue a license or permit for the devel-opment of any new water resource facility inside any of the wilderness areas designated by section 101. 
(2) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘water resource facility’’ means irriga-tion and pumping facilities, reservoirs, water conservation works, aqueducts, canals, ditches, pipelines, wells, hydropower projects, and transmission and other ancil-lary facilities, and other water diversion, storage, and carriage structures. 
SEC. 104. MILITARY OVERFLIGHTS. 
Nothing in this title restricts or pre-
cludes— 
(1) low-level overflights of military air-
craft over the wilderness areas, including military overflights that can be seen or heard within the wilderness areas; 
(2) flight testing and evaluation; or (3) the designation or creation of new units 
of special use airspace, or the establishment of military flight training routes, over the wilderness areas. 
SEC. 105. ADJACENT MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this title cre-
ates a protective perimeter or buffer zone around a wilderness area. (b) A
CTIVITIES OUTSIDE WILDERNESS  
AREA.—The fact that an activity or use on 
land outside a wilderness area can be seen or heard within the wilderness area shall not preclude the activity or use outside the boundary of the wilderness area. 
SEC. 106. NATIVE AMERICAN CULTURAL AND RE-
LIGIOUS USES. 
Nothing in this title diminishes the treaty 
rights of any Indian tribe. 
SEC. 107. ACQUISITION OF LAND AND INTERESTS 
IN LAND. 
(a) A CQUISITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may ac-
quire any land or interest in land within the boundaries of the wilderness areas by dona-tion, exchange, or purchase from a willing seller. 
(2) L
AND EXCHANGE .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall seek to complete an ex-change for State land located within the boundaries of the wilderness areas des-ignated by this title. 
(b) I
NCORPORATION IN WILDERNESS AREA.— 
Any land or interest in land located inside the boundary of a wilderness area that is ac-quired by the United States after the date of enactment of this Act shall be added to, and administered as part of the, wilderness area. 
SEC. 108. WILDERNESS REVIEW. 
(a) N ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LAND.—Sec-
tion 5 of Public Law 92–400 (16 U.S.C. 460aa– 4) is repealed. 
(b) P
UBLIC LAND.— 
(1) F INDING .—Congress finds that, for pur-
poses of section 603 of the Federal Land Pol-icy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782), the public land administered by the Bureau of Land Management in the following wilderness study areas have been adequately studied for wilderness designation: 
(A) Jerry Peak Wilderness Study Area. (B) Jerry Peak West Wilderness Study 
Area. 
(C) Corral-Horse Basin Wilderness Study 
Area. 
(D) Boulder Creek Wilderness Study Area. (2) R
ELEASE .—Any public land within the 
areas described in paragraph (1) that is not designated as wilderness by this title— 
(A) shall not be subject to section 603(c) of 
the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)); and 
(B) shall be managed in accordance with 
land management plans adopted under sec-tion 202 of that Act (43 U.S.C. 1712). 
TITLE II—LAND CONVEYANCES FOR 
PUBLIC PURPOSES 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Central 
Idaho Economic Development and Recre-ation Act’’. 
SEC. 202. BLAINE COUNTY, IDAHO. 
The Secretary of Agriculture shall issue a 
special use permit or convey to Blaine Coun-ty, Idaho, without consideration, not to ex-ceed one acre of land for use as a school bus turnaround, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Blaine County Conveyance— Eagle Creek Parcel—Proposed’’ and dated October 1, 2006. 
SEC. 203. CUSTER COUNTY, IDAHO. 
(a) P ARK AND CAMPGROUND .—The Secretary 
of the Interior shall convey to Custer Coun-ty, Idaho (in this section referred to as the ‘‘County’’), without consideration, approxi-mately 114 acres of land depicted as ‘‘Parcel A’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Custer County and City of Mackay Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, for use as a public park and campground, consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Pur-poses Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
(b) F
IREHALL.—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall convey to the County, without consideration, approximately 10 acres of land 
depicted as ‘‘Parcel B’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Custer County and City of Mackay Convey-ances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, for use as a fire hall, consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
(c) W
ASTE TRANSFER SITE.—The Secretary 
of the Interior shall convey to the County, without consideration, approximately 80 acres of land depicted as ‘‘Parcel C’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Custer County and City of Mackay Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, to be used for a waste transfer site, con-sistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recre-ation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
(d) F
OREST SERVICE ROAD.— 
(1) C ONVEYANCE .—The Secretary of Agri-
culture shall convey to the County, without consideration, the Forest Service road that passes through the parcel of National Forest System land to be conveyed to the City of Stanley, Idaho, under section 206 from the junction of the road with Highway 75 to the junction with Valley Creek Road at the City of Stanley boundary. 
(2) R
ELOCATION .—The conveyance under 
paragraph (1) is subject to the condition that the County agree to relocate the portion of the road that passes through the section 206 conveyance parcel to the southeast along the boundary of the conveyance parcel. 
SEC. 204. CITY OF CHALLIS, IDAHO. 
The Secretary of the Interior shall convey 
to the City of Challis, Idaho, without consid-eration, approximately 460 acres of land within the area generally depicted as ‘‘Par-cel B’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Custer County and City of Challis Conveyances’’ and dated February 2, 2010, to be used for public pur-poses consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
SEC. 205. CITY OF CLAYTON, IDAHO. 
(a) C EMETERY .—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall convey to the City of Clayton, 
Idaho (in this section referred to as the ‘‘City’’), without consideration, approxi-mately 23 acres of land depicted as ‘‘Parcel A’’ on the map entitled ‘‘City of Clayton Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, for use as a public cemetery. 
(b) P
ARK.—The Secretary of the Interior 
shall convey to the City, without consider-ation, approximately two acres of land de-picted as ‘‘Parcel B’’ on the map entitled ‘‘City of Clayton Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, for use as a public park or other public purpose consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Pur-poses Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
(c) W
ATER TOWER .—The Secretary of the 
Interior shall convey to the City, without consideration, approximately two acres of land depicted as ‘‘Parcel C’’ on the map enti-tled ‘‘City of Clayton Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, for location of a water tower, consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
(d) W
ASTEWATER TREATMENT FACILITY .— 
The Secretary of the Interior shall convey to the City, without consideration, approxi-mately six acres of land depicted as ‘‘Parcel D’’ on the map entitled ‘‘City of Clayton Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010 (includ-ing any necessary access right-of-way across the river), for use as a wastewater treatment facility, consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:38 Jul 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.011 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5477 July 27, 2015 
(e) F IREHALL.—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior shall convey to the City, without consid-eration, approximately two acres of land de-picted as ‘‘Parcel E’’ on the map entitled ‘‘City of Clayton Conveyances’’ and dated April 6, 2010, for use as a fire hall and related purposes, consistent with uses allowed under the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the Recreation and Public Purposes Act; 43 U.S.C. 869 et seq.). 
SEC. 206. CITY OF STANLEY, IDAHO. 
(a) W ORKFORCE HOUSING .—The Secretary of 
Agriculture shall convey to the City of Stan-ley, Idaho (in this section referred to as the ‘‘City’’), without consideration, a parcel of National Forest System land within the Sawtooth National Recreation Area, but out-side the area managed by the Sawtooth In-terpretative and Historical Association under special use permit with the Secretary, that consists of approximately four acres as indicated on the map entitled ‘‘Custer Coun-ty and City of Stanley Conveyance Parcel- Proposed’’ and dated February 24, 2015, for the purpose of permitting the City to develop the parcel to provide workforce housing for persons employed in the City or its environs. 
(b) N
UMBER AND CONSTRUCTION OF HOUS-
ING.—The City will construct up to 20 apart-
ment units on the parcel conveyed under subsection (a). The actual design and con-figuration of the apartment units will be de-termined by the City in consultation with the Secretary and other interested parties, except that units may not exceed two stories and must be located near or against the hill-side to blend in with the terrain. 
(c) R
ECREATION AREA PRIVATE LAND USE 
REGULATIONS .—The private land use regula-
tions of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area shall not apply to the parcel conveyed under subsection (a), including with regard to the number and type of apartments units to be constructed on the parcel. 
(d) R
EMOVAL OF EXISTING STRUCTURE .—The 
Secretary shall be responsible for the re-moval of the barn located, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, on the parcel to be conveyed under subsection (a). The Sec-retary may remove the barn either before the conveyance of the parcel or at such later date as the City may request. 
(e) R
ELATION TO REQUIRED REVERSIONARY  
INTEREST .—Consistent with the reversionary 
interest required by section 207(b), the City may contract for the development and man-agement of the apartment units constructed on the parcel conveyed under subsection (a) so long as the City retains ownership of the parcel in perpetuity. 
SEC. 207. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PERMITS 
OR LAND CONVEYANCES. 
(a) T ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The issuance 
of a special use permit or the conveyance of land under this title shall be subject to any terms and conditions that the Secretary de-termines to be appropriate. 
(b) R
EVERSIONARY INTEREST .—If any parcel 
of land conveyed under this title ceases to be used for the public purpose for which the parcel was conveyed, the parcel shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, based on a deter-mination that reversion is in the best inter-ests of the United States, revert to the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ) 
and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from American Samoa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-
vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from American Samoa? 
There was no objection. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-
sume. 
H.R. 1138, introduced by my good 
friend, Congressman M
ICHAEL SIMPSON  
of Idaho, would establish new recre-ation and wilderness areas and release 154,000 acres of wilderness study areas back to multiple use in central Idaho. 
This area, which is predominantly 
Bureau of Land Management and U.S. Forest Service land, is home to world- class scenery and attracts thousands of outdoor recreationists, including snowmobilers, hunters, backpackers, hikers, mountain bikers, outfitters, and campers. The bill also conveys sev-eral Federal parcels to local counties and cities to be used for a variety of municipal purposes. 
Congressman S
IMPSON has worked 
tirelessly on this issue for the last dec-ade. I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1138. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , 
Washington, DC, June 9, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. CHAIRMAN : On April 30, 2015, the 
Committee on Natural Resources ordered fa-vorably reported without amendment H.R. 774, the Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015, by unani-mous consent. The bill was referred pri-marily to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, with an additional referral to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
I ask that you allow the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure to be dis-charged from further consideration of the bill so that it may be scheduled by the Ma-jority Leader. This discharge in no way af-fects your jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter of the bill, and it will not serve as prece-dent for future referrals. I understand that our staffs have worked out some additional language that affects provisions in your ju-risdiction for the Floor, and I pledge to in-corporate this language when we get to that point in the process. In addition, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I would support having the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure represented on the conference committee. Finally, I would be pleased to include this letter and any re-sponse in the bill report filed by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources to memorialize our understanding. 
Thank you for your consideration of my 
request, and for your continued strong co-operation between our committees. 
Sincerely, 
R
OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources. COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, June 19, 2015. 
Hon. R OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 774, the Illegal, Unre-ported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforce-ment Act of 2015, as ordered reported by the Committee on Natural Resources on April 30, 2015. I appreciate your inclusion of changes requested by the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure as this bill moves forward. 
I agree to allow the Committee on Trans-
portation and Infrastructure to be dis-charged from consideration of H.R. 774 with the understanding that this discharge does not affect the Committee’s jurisdiction over the subject matter of the bill, and does not serve as precedent for future referrals. In ad-dition, I expect the negotiated text to be the text considered on the floor. Finally, as stat-ed in your letter, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I fully expect the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure to be represented on the conference com-mittee. 
Thank you for your assistance in this mat-
ter and for agreeing to include a copy of this letter in the bill report filed by the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor con-sideration. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 1138. This bill adds over 275,000 acres of wilderness to the Sawtooth National Recreational Area and Jerry Peak Wilderness in Idaho’s Boulder- White Cloud Mountains. 
The Boulder-White Clouds region in 
central Idaho is the largest contiguous roadless area in the 48 States, and it deserves the permanent protection pro-vided by this bill. The region contains over 150 mountains that are over 10,000 feet and provides critical habitat for numerous fish and wildlife species. It is also a popular recreation destination that attracts people who hunt, fish, ski, and hike along the pristine shores of the alpine lakes and the ridges of the rugged mountains. 
This bill will leave a lasting legacy of 
conservation, and I applaud my col-league from Idaho for all of his work and determination. Mr. Speaker, I also thank the committee for their work on this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. S
IMP-
SON) the author of the bill. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Leader 
MCCARTHY and Chairman B ISHOP for 
bringing H.R. 1138 to the floor today, which we refer to as SNRA+. I also want to thank Ranking Member G
RI-
JALVA of the full committee, Chairman 
MCCLINTOCK of the subcommittee, and 
Ranking Member T SONGAS of the sub-
committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.011 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5478 July 27, 2015 
In 2005, we had the first congressional 
hearing on the Boulder-White Clouds on what then was a bill called CIEDRA. CIEDRA was a complicated 60-page bill that tried to do a lot of things for a lot of different people. 
Today, we have a simplified 20-page 
bill we call SNRA+ that brings man-agement certainty—and that is an im-portant aspect—to the Boulder-White Clouds. It does this by making the de-termination about which parts of the current wilderness study area will in fact become wilderness and which parts will be released for multiple use. 
There will be three new wilderness 
areas totaling 275,665 acres: Hemmingway-Boulders Wilderness, with 67,998 acres; White Clouds Wilder-ness, with 90,769 acres; and in honor of the late Senator Jim McClure, we have the James A. McClure-Jerry Peak Wil-derness, with 116,898 acres. The bill also releases wilderness study areas back to multiple use, totaling 153,883 acres. 
So this not only makes the deter-
mination of what is going to be wilder-ness, it releases the other wilderness study areas for multiple use. 
It is important to note in this bill 
that we do not close any motorized roads or trails in this bill. Ranchers with allotments on the SNRA would be allowed to voluntarily retire their grazing permits and be eligible for compensation from a third party. Any retired grazing permits would be per-manently closed. 
There is a provision that nothing in 
the bill affects the jurisdiction of the State of Idaho with respect to the man-agement of fish and wildlife on public land in the State, including the regula-tion of hunting, fishing, and trapping within the wilderness areas. 
Individual parcels of land will be con-
veyed to Custer and Blaine Counties and rural communities for public pur-poses, including workforce housing, cemeteries, water towers, and waste transfer sites. 
As part of this process, grants have 
been provided to the SNRA for trail maintenance and improvements, in-cluding maintenance and improve-ments of existing motorized trails and two existing trials to provide primitive wheelchair access and for acquiring the land to build a mechanized bike/snow-mobile access trail between Redfish Lake and Stanley. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill meets the 
needs of today’s users and resolves longstanding debates over the manage-ment of the Boulder-White Clouds. It will end the discussion of monuments and wilderness in the Boulder-White Clouds, and secures the future for gen-erations of Idahoans who want to con-tinue using and enjoying our beautiful Boulder-White Clouds. 
Finally, I am proud of the wide array 
of support we now have for this bill. We have the support of the Idaho Recre-ation Council, whose members include ATVers, motorcyclists, motorized and nonmotorized boaters, rafters, backcountry pilots, RVers, rock hounds, recreational miners, and 
snowmobilers in the Idaho State Snow-mobile Association. 
We also have the support of the Saw-
tooth Society, the Custer County Com-missioners, East Fork Ranchers, the Idaho Farm Bureau, the Idaho Cattle Association, Idaho Outfitters and Guides, the Idaho Conservation League, and the Idaho Wilderness Soci-ety. 
This is a broad array of users and 
conservation groups, and it dem-onstrates how far we have come with this bill and how widely it is supported. 
This is an Idaho bill—crafted by Ida-
hoans over the past 15 years—to ad-dress some of the most contentious land management issues in one of the most beautiful places on Earth so that we can both use and enjoy it and pre-serve it for future generations. It is, by 
any definition, a ‘‘compromise’’ by all stakeholders, and I urge my colleagues to pass this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I have a list of people I 
want to thank who helped support this bill over the years and have worked very diligently on this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the fol-
lowing people who have worked with me dur-ing most or part of the last 15 years. They each played a role in their own way. 
From the Conservation Community I want to 
thank Rick Johnson, who has become a true friend and honest broker in this long journey. I also want to thank Tim Mahoney, Marcia Argust, Craig Gehrke, Brad Brooks, Mike Matz, John Gilroy, Linn Kincannon, Lynne Stone, Tom Pomeroy, Bart Koehler, Kai An-derson, Athan Manuel, Chris Wood, Erik Schultz, Dani Mazzotta, and Myke Bybee. 
I want to thank the Custer County Commis-
sioners Wayne Butts, Lin Hintze, Doyle Lamb and Cliff Hansen. They stood by us throughout and made sure their concerns were heard and taken care of. 
I want to thank current and former Blaine 
County Commissioners including Sarah Mi-chael and also Larry Schoen who signed a joint letter with Commissioner Butts of Custer County. 
Additionally, I need to thank Stanley City 
Council President Steve Botti and Mayor Herb Mumford and former mayor Hannah Stauts. 
I want to thank the East Fork Ranchers 
Wayne and Melody Baker, Gary and Jackie Ingram, Doug, Cheryl and Sarah Baker and Junior and Lura Baker. They stood by me through thick and thin. They were the reason we started this process, and we are going to make sure their livelihoods on the East Fork continue for future generations. 
At the Sawtooth Society, I need to thank 
former executive director Bob Hayes, current executive director Gary O’Malley, Hans Carstensen and the current President Paul Hill. 
From the Idaho Recreation Council who rep-
resent motorized users I want to thank Brett Madron, Steve Frisbie and Gary Cvecich. I want to also thank their leader Sandra Mitch-ell. She is an incredible woman who rep-resents her members very, very well. 
I want to thank Grant Simonds and Louise 
and Mike Stark who represent the outfitters and guides. 
At the Forest Service, I need to thank Ed 
Cannady for answering the hundreds of ques-tions we asked over the years on uses and 
map boundaries. He knows the area better than anyone and he cares even more about them. He also took me, my staff and even the Forest Service Chief into the White Clouds on various trips so I could get a better under-standing of the area. Ed has become a very good friend throughout this process. 
Additionally, at the Forest Service I want to 
thank Kit Mullen, Ruth Monahan, David Stockdale, Brenda Geesey, Bonnie Luckman, Barbara Garcia, Julie Thomas, Jennifer Blake, and Beckie Wagoner. 
At the BLM, Laurie Sedlmayr and Lara 
Douglas were a great help throughout this process. 
I want to thank Erica Rhoad who started 
working on this bill with Chairman Pombo and is finishing it with Chairman B
ISHOP . She is 
very good at her job. 
I want to thank Gregory Kostka at Legisla-
tive Counsel. He drafted and redrafted count-less versions of this bill over the years. He is a true professional. 
I want to thank Laurel Sayer who was on 
my staff and is now working in the conserva-tion community. She attended many meetings and did terrific ground work for me throughout the process. 
I want to thank Senator R
ISCH who when I 
spoke to him last year about one last try be-fore a monument proclamation he said ‘‘I think we can do this, M
IKE.’’ The Senator and his 
staff John Sandy and Darren Parker have done a great job helping us get to the finish line. 
Finally, I want to thank my staff, Lindsay 
Slater, Malisah Small, Nathan Greene, Sarah Cannon, James Neill, Emilee Henshaw, Solara Linehan, Billy Valderrama, John Revier and Nikki Wallace. They have each helped in many different ways. 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, again, 
I want to thank my colleague, Mr. S
IMPSON , for sponsoring this very im-
portant piece of legislation. 
I ask my colleagues to help support 
H.R. 1138, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. I yield back the 
balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1138. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ILLEGAL, UNREPORTED, AND UN-
REGULATED FISHING ENFORCE-MENT ACT OF 2015 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 774) to strengthen enforce-ment mechanisms to stop illegal, unre-ported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Conven-tion, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.013 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5479 July 27, 2015 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 774 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Illegal, Un-
reported, and Unregulated Fishing Enforce-ment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—STRENGTHENING FISHERIES 
ENFORCEMENT MECHANISMS 
Sec. 101. Amendments to the High Seas 
Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act. 
Sec. 102. Amendments to the High Seas 
Driftnet Fisheries Enforcement Act. 
Sec. 103. Amendments to North Pacific 
Anadromous Stocks Act of 1992. 
Sec. 104. Amendments to the Pacific Salmon 
Treaty Act of 1985. 
Sec. 105. Amendments to the Western and 
Central Pacific Fisheries Con-vention Implementation Act. 
Sec. 106. Amendments to the Antarctic Ma-
rine Living Resources Conven-tion Act. 
Sec. 107. Amendments to the Atlantic Tunas 
Convention Act. 
Sec. 108. Amendments to the High Seas 
Fishing Compliance Act of 1965. 
Sec. 109. Amendments to the Dolphin Pro-
tection Consumer Information Act. 
Sec. 110. Amendments to the Northern Pa-
cific Halibut Act of 1982. 
Sec. 111. Amendments to the Northwest At-
lantic Fisheries Convention Act of 1995. 
Sec. 112. Amendment to the Magnuson-Ste-
vens Fishery Conservation and Management Act. 
TITLE II—IMPLEMENTATION OF THE 
ANTIGUA CONVENTION 
Sec. 201. Short title. 
Sec. 202. Amendment of the Tuna Conven-
tions Act of 1950. 
Sec. 203. Definitions. Sec. 204. Commissioners; number, appoint-
ment, and qualifications. 
Sec. 205. General Advisory Committee and 
Scientific Advisory Sub-committee. 
Sec. 206. Rulemaking. Sec. 207. Prohibited acts. Sec. 208. Enforcement. Sec. 209. Reduction of bycatch. Sec. 210. Repeal of Eastern Pacific Tuna Li-
censing Act of 1984. 
TITLE III—AGREEMENT ON PORT STATE 
MEASURES TO PREVENT, DETER AND ELIMINATE ILLEGAL, UNREPORTED AND UNREGULATED FISHING 
Sec. 301. Short title. 
Sec. 302. Purpose. Sec. 303. Definitions. Sec. 304. Duties and authorities of the Sec-
retary. 
Sec. 305. Authorization or denial of port 
entry. 
Sec. 306. Inspections. Sec. 307. Prohibited acts. Sec. 308. Enforcement. Sec. 309. International cooperation and as-
sistance. 
Sec. 310. Relationship to other laws. 
TITLE I—STRENGTHENING FISHERIES 
ENFORCEMENT MECHANISMS 
SEC. 101. AMENDMENTS TO THE HIGH SEAS 
DRIFTNET FISHING MORATORIUM PROTECTION ACT. 
(a) A DMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Section 606 of the High 
Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protec-tion Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g) is amended by in-serting before the first sentence the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary and the 
Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall enforce this Act, and the Acts to which this section ap-plies, in accordance with this section. Each such Secretary may, by agreement, on a re-imbursable basis or otherwise, utilize the personnel services, equipment (including air-craft and vessels), and facilities of any other Federal agency, and of any State agency, in the performance of such duties. 
‘‘(b) A
CTS TO WHICH SECTION APPLIES .— 
This section applies to— 
‘‘(1) the Pacific Salmon Treaty Act of 1985 
(16 U.S.C. 3631 et seq.); 
‘‘(2) the Dolphin Protection Consumer In-
formation Act (16 U.S.C. 1385); 
‘‘(3) the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 (16 
U.S.C. 951 et seq.); 
‘‘(4) the North Pacific Anadromous Stocks 
Act of 1992 (16 U.S.C. 5001 et seq.); 
‘‘(5) the Atlantic Tunas Convention Act of 
1975 (16 U.S.C. 971 et seq.); 
‘‘(6) the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Con-
vention Act of 1995 (16 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.); 
‘‘(7) the Western and Central Pacific Fish-
eries Convention Implementation Act (16 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.); and 
‘‘(8) the Antigua Convention Implementing 
Act of 2015. 
‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION AND ENFORCEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-
vent any person from violating this Act, or any Act to which this section applies, in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though sections 308 through 311 of the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1858 through 1861) were incorporated into and made a part of and applicable to this Act and each such Act. 
‘‘(2) I
NTERNATIONAL COOPERATION .—The 
Secretary may, subject to appropriations and in the course of carrying out the Sec-retary’s responsibilities under the Acts to which this section applies, engage in inter-national cooperation to help other nations combat illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing and achieve sustainable fisheries. 
‘‘(d) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(1) A DDITIONAL ENFORCEMENT AUTHOR -
ITY.—In addition to the powers of officers au-
thorized pursuant to subsection (c), any offi-cer who is authorized by the Secretary, or the head of any Federal or State agency that has entered into an agreement with the Sec-retary under subsection (a), may enforce the provisions of any Act to which this section applies, with the same jurisdiction, powers, and duties as though section 311 of the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1861) were incor-porated into and made a part of each such Act. 
‘‘(2) D
ISCLOSURE OF ENFORCEMENT INFORMA -
TION.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, subject 
to the data confidentiality provisions in sec-tion 402 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881a), may disclose, as necessary and appro-priate, information, including information collected under joint authority of the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) and the Atlantic Tunas Convention Act of 1975 (16 U.S.C. 71 et seq.) or the Western and Cen-tral Pacific Fisheries Convention Implemen-tation Act (16 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.) or other statutes implementing international fishery agreements, to any other Federal or State government agency, the Food and Agri-culture Organization of the United Nations, the secretariat or equivalent of an inter-
national fishery management organization or arrangement made pursuant to an inter-national fishery agreement, or a foreign gov-ernment, if— 
‘‘(i) such government, organization, or ar-
rangement has policies and procedures to protect such information from unintended or unauthorized disclosure; and 
‘‘(ii) such disclosure is necessary— ‘‘(I) to ensure compliance with any law or 
regulation enforced or administered by the Secretary; 
‘‘(II) to administer or enforce any inter-
national fishery agreement to which the United States is a party; 
‘‘(III) to administer or enforce a binding 
conservation measure adopted by any inter-national organization or arrangement to which the United States is a party; 
‘‘(IV) to assist in any investigative, judi-
cial, or administrative enforcement pro-ceeding in the United States; or 
‘‘(V) to assist in any law enforcement ac-
tion undertaken by a law enforcement agen-cy of a foreign government, or in relation to a legal proceeding undertaken by a foreign government to the extent the enforcement action is consistent with rules and regula-tions of a regional fisheries management or-ganization (as that term is defined by the United Nation’s Food and Agriculture Orga-nization Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Un-reported and Unregulated Fishing) of which the United States is a member, or the Sec-retary has determined that the enforcement action is consistent with the requirements under Federal law for enforcement actions with respect to illegal, unreported, and un-regulated fishing. 
‘‘(B) D
ATA CONFIDENTIALITY PROVISIONS NOT  
APPLICABLE .—The data confidentiality provi-
sions of section 402 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881a) shall not apply with respect to this Act with respect to— 
‘‘(i) any obligation of the United States to 
share information under a regional fisheries management organization (as that term is defined by the United Nation’s Food and Ag-riculture Organization Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Elimi-nate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing) of which the United States is a member; or 
‘‘(ii) any information collected by the Sec-
retary regarding foreign vessels. 
‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITED ACTS.—It is unlawful for 
any person— 
‘‘(1) to violate any provision of this Act or 
any regulation or permit issued pursuant to this Act; 
‘‘(2) to refuse to permit any officer author-
ized to enforce the provisions of this Act to board, search, or inspect a vessel, subject to such person’s control for the purposes of con-ducting any search, investigation, or inspec-tion in connection with the enforcement of this Act, any regulation promulgated under this Act, or any Act to which this section ap-plies; 
‘‘(3) to forcibly assault, resist, oppose, im-
pede, intimidate, or interfere with any such authorized officer in the conduct of any search, investigation, or inspection described in paragraph (2); 
‘‘(4) to resist a lawful arrest for any act 
prohibited by this section or any Act to which this section applies; 
‘‘(5) to interfere with, delay, or prevent, by 
any means, the apprehension, arrest, or de-tection of an other person, knowing that such person has committed any act prohib-ited by this section or any Act to which this section applies; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.015 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5480 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(6) to forcibly assault, resist, oppose, im-
pede, intimidate, sexually harass, bribe, or interfere with— 
‘‘(A) any observer on a vessel under this 
Act or any Act to which this section applies; or 
‘‘(B) any data collector employed by the 
National Marine Fisheries Service or under contract to any person to carry out respon-sibilities under this Act or any Act to which this section applies. 
‘‘(f) C
IVILPENALTY .—Any person who com-
mits any act that is unlawful under sub-section (e) shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty, and may be sub-ject to a permit sanction, under section 308 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conserva-tion and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1858). 
‘‘(g) C
RIMINAL PENALTY .—Any person who 
commits an act that is unlawful under sub-section (e)(2), (e)(3), (e)(4), (e)(5), or (e)(6) is deemed to be guilty of an offense punishable under section 309(b) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1859(b)). 
‘‘(h) U
TILIZATION OF FEDERAL AGENCY AS-
SETS.—’’. 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
308(a) of the Antarctic Marine Living Re-sources Convention Act of 1984 (16 U.S.C. 2437(a)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Any person who com-
mits an act that is unlawful under section 306 shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty, and may be subject to a permit sanction, under section 308 of the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 1858).’’. 
(b) A
CTIONS TOIMPROVE THE EFFECTIVE -
NESS OF INTERNATIONAL FISHERY MANAGE -
MENT ORGANIZATIONS .—Section 608 of such 
Act (16 U.S.C. 1826i) is amended by— 
(1) inserting before the first sentence the 
following: ‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—’’; 
(2) in subsection (a) (as designated by para-
graph (1) of this subsection) in the first sen-tence, inserting ‘‘, or arrangements made pursuant to an international fishery agree-ment,’’ after ‘‘organizations’’; and 
(3) adding at the end the following new 
subsections: 
‘‘(b) D
ISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, subject 
to the data confidentiality provisions in sec-tion 402 of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1881a) except as provided in paragraph (2), may disclose, as necessary and appropriate, information, including information collected under joint authority of the Magnuson-Ste-vens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.) and the Atlantic Tunas Convention Act of 1975 (16 U.S.C. 71 et seq.), the Western and Central Pacific Fish-eries Convention Implementation Act (16 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.), any other statute imple-menting an international fishery agreement, to any other Federal or State government agency, the Food and Agriculture Organiza-tion of the United Nations, or the secretariat or equivalent of an international fishery management organization or arrangement made pursuant to an international fishery agreement, if such government, organiza-tion, or arrangement, respectively, has poli-cies and procedures to protect such informa-tion from unintended or unauthorized disclo-sure. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—The data confidentiality 
provisions in section 402 of the Magnuson- Stevens Fishery Conservation and Manage-ment Act (16 U.S.C. 1881a) shall not apply with respect to this Act— 
‘‘(A) for obligations of the United States to 
share information under a regional fisheries management organization (as that term is defined by the United Nation’s Food and Ag-riculture Organization Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Elimi-
nate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing) of which the United States is a member; or 
‘‘(B) to any information collected by the 
Secretary regarding foreign vessels. 
‘‘(c) IUU V
ESSEL LISTS.—The Secretary 
may— 
‘‘(1) develop, maintain, and make public a 
list of vessels and vessel owners engaged in illegal, unreported, or unregulated fishing or fishing-related activities in support of ille-gal, unreported, or unregulated fishing, in-cluding vessels or vessel owners identified by an international fishery management orga-nization or arrangement made pursuant to an international fishery agreement, that— 
‘‘(A) the United States is party to; or ‘‘(B) the United States is not party to, but 
whose procedures and criteria in developing and maintaining a list of such vessels and vessel owners are substantially similar to such procedures and criteria adopted pursu-ant to an international fishery agreement to which the United States is a party; and 
‘‘(2) take appropriate action against listed 
vessels and vessel owners, including action against fish, fish parts, or fish products from such vessels, in accordance with applicable United States law and consistent with appli-cable international law, including principles, rights, and obligations established in appli-cable international fishery management agreements and trade agreements. 
‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may 
promulgate regulations to implement this section.’’. 
(c) N
OTIFICATION REGARDING IDENTIFICATION  
OFNATIONS .—Section 609(b) of such Act (166 
U.S.C. 1826j(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) N OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall 
notify the President and that nation of such an identification.’’. 
(d) N
ATIONS IDENTIFIED UNDER SECTION  
610.—Section 610(b)(1) of such Act (16 U.S.C. 1826k(b)(1)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) notify, as soon as possible, the Presi-
dent and nations that have been identified under subsection (a), and also notify other nations whose vessels engage in fishing ac-tivities or practices described in subsection (a), about the provisions of this section and this Act;’’. 
(e) E
FFECT OF CERTIFICATION UNDER SEC-
TION 609.—Section 609(d)(3)(A)(i) of such Act 
(16 U.S.C. 1826j(d)(3)(A)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘that has not been certified by the Secretary under this subsection, or’’. 
(f) E
FFECT OF CERTIFICATION UNDER SEC-
TION 610.—Section 610(c)(5) of such Act (16 
U.S.C. 1826k(c)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘that has not been certified by the Secretary under this subsection, or’’. 
(g) I
DENTIFICATION OF NATIONS .— 
(1) S COPE OF IDENTIFICATION FOR ACTIONS OF  
FISHING VESSELS .—Section 609(a) of such Act 
(16 U.S.C. 1826j(a)) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘, based on a cumulative 
compilation and analysis of data collected and provided by international fishery man-agement organizations and other nations and organizations,’’ after ‘‘shall’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘3 
years’’; 
(B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘that un-
dermines the effectiveness of measures re-quired by an international fishery manage-ment organization, taking into account whether’’ after ‘‘(1)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘vessels 
of’’. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL GROUNDS FOR IDENTIFICA -
TION.—Section 609(a) of such Act (16 U.S.C. 
1826j(a)) is further amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
in order as subparagraphs (A) and (B) (and by moving the margins of such subparagraphs 2 ems to the right); (B) by inserting before the first sentence 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I
DENTIFICATION FOR ACTIONS OF FISHING  
VESSELS .—’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION FOR ACTIONS OF NA -
TION.—Taking into account the factors de-
scribed under section 609(a)(1), the Secretary shall also identify, and list in such report, a nation— 
‘‘(A) if it is violating, or has violated at 
any point during the preceding three years, conservation and management measures re-quired under an international fishery man-agement agreement to which the United States is a party and the violations under-mine the effectiveness of such measures; or 
‘‘(B) if it is failing, or has failed in the pre-
ceding 3-year period, to effectively address or regulate illegal, unreported, or unregu-lated fishing in areas described under para-graph (1)(B). 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO OTHER ENTITIES .— 
Where the provisions of this Act are applica-ble to nations, they shall also be applicable, as appropriate, to other entities that have competency to enter into international fish-ery management agreements.’’. 
(3) P
ERIOD OF FISHING PRACTICES SUP -
PORTING IDENTIFICATION .—Section 610(a)(1) of 
such Act (16 U.S.C. 1826k(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘calendar year’’ and inserting ‘‘3 years’’. 
(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Commerce $450,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 to implement the amendments made by subsections (b) and (g). 
(i) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .— 
(1) Section 607(2) of such Act (16 U.S.C. 
1826h(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘whose ves-sels’’ and inserting ‘‘that’’. 
(2) Section 609(d)(1) of such Act (16 U.S.C. 
1826j(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘of its fishing vessels’’. 
(3) Section 609(d)(1)(A) of such Act (16 
U.S.C. 1826j(d)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘of its fishing vessels’’. 
(4) Section 609(d)(2) of such Act (16 U.S.C. 
1826j(d)(2)) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘for certification’’ and in-
serting ‘‘to authorize’’; 
(B) by inserting ‘‘the importation’’ after 
‘‘or other basis’’; 
(C) by striking ‘‘harvesting’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘not certified under para-
graph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘issued a negative certification under paragraph (1)’’. 
(5) Section 610 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 1826k) 
is amended as follows: 
(A) In subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘prac-
tices;’’ and inserting ‘‘practices—’’. 
(B) In subsection (c)(4), by striking all pre-
ceding subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(4) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURE .—The Sec-
retary may establish a procedure to author-ize, on a shipment-by-shipment, shipper-by- shipper, or other basis the importation of fish or fish products from a vessel of a nation issued a negative certification under para-graph (1) if the Secretary determines that such imports were harvested by practices that do not result in bycatch of a protected marine species, or were harvested by prac-tices that— 
‘‘(A) are comparable to those of the United 
States, taking into account different condi-tions; and’’. 
SEC. 102. AMENDMENTS TO THE HIGH SEAS 
DRIFTNET FISHERIES ENFORCE-MENT ACT. 
(a) N EGATIVE CERTIFICATION EFFECTS .—Sec-
tion 101 of the High Seas Driftnet Fisheries Enforcement Act (16 U.S.C. 1826a) is amend-ed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.004 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5481 July 27, 2015 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘recog-
nized principles of’’ after ‘‘in accordance with’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)(2)(A), by inserting ‘‘or, 
as appropriate, for fishing vessels of a nation that receives a negative certification under section 609(d) or section 610(c) of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protec-tion Act (16 U.S.C. 1826)’’ after ‘‘(1)’’; 
(3) in subsection (a)(2)(B), by inserting be-
fore the period the following: ‘‘, except for the purposes of inspecting such vessel, con-ducting an investigation, or taking other ap-propriate enforcement action’’; 
(4) in subsection (b)(1)(A)(i), by striking 
‘‘or illegal, unreported, or unregulated fish-ing’’ after ‘‘driftnet fishing’’; 
(5) in subsection (b)(1)(B) and subsection 
(b)(2), by striking ‘‘or illegal, unreported, or unregulated fishing’’ after ‘‘driftnet fishing’’ each place it appears; 
(6) in subsection (b)(3)(A)(i), by inserting 
‘‘or a negative certification under section 609(d) or section 610(c) of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826j(d), 1826k(c))’’ after ‘‘(1)(A)’’; 
(7) in subsection (b)(4)(A), by inserting ‘‘or 
issues a negative certification under section 609(d) or section 610(c) of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826j(d), 1826k(c))’’ after ‘‘para-graph (1)’’; 
(8) in subsection (b)(4)(A)(i), by striking 
‘‘or illegal, unreported, or unregulated fish-ing’’ after ‘‘driftnet fishing’’; and 
(9) in subsection (b)(4)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘, 
or to address the offending activities for which a nation received a negative certifi-cation under section 609(d) or 610(c) of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Pro-tection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826j(d), 1826k(c))’’ after ‘‘beyond the exclusive economic zone of any nation’’. 
(b) D
URATION OF NEGATIVE CERTIFICATION  
EFFECTS .—Section 102 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 
1826b) is amended by— 
(1) striking ‘‘or illegal, unreported, or un-
regulated fishing’’; and 
(2) inserting ‘‘or effectively addressed the 
offending activities for which the nation re-ceived a negative certification under 609(d) or 610(c) of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826j(d), 1826k(c))’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 103. AMENDMENTS TO NORTH PACIFIC 
ANADROMOUS STOCKS ACT OF 1992. 
(a) U NLAWFUL ACTIVITIES .—Section 810 of 
the North Pacific Anadromous Stocks Act of 1992 (16 U.S.C. 5009) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘, inves-
tigation,’’ after ‘‘search’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘, inves-
tigation,’’ after ‘‘search’’. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL PROHIBITIONS AND ENFORCE -
MENT .—Section 811 of the Northern Pacific 
Anadromous Stocks Act of 1992 (16 U.S.C. 5010) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 811. ADDITIONAL PROHIBITIONS AND EN-
FORCEMENT. 
‘‘For additional prohibitions relating to 
this Act and enforcement of this Act, see section 606 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g).’’. 
SEC. 104. AMENDMENTS TO THE PACIFIC SALMON 
TREATY ACT OF 1985. 
Section 8 of the Pacific Salmon Treaty Act 
of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3637) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, investigation,’’ after 
‘‘search’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘this title;’’ and inserting 
‘‘this Act;’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, investigation,’’ after 
‘‘search’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (2);’’ and in-
serting ‘‘paragraph (2);’’; 
(3) in subsection (a)(5), by striking ‘‘this 
title; or’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act;’’; and 
(4) by striking subsections (b) through (f) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL PROHIBITIONS AND EN-
FORCEMENT .—For additional prohibitions re-
lating to this Act and enforcement of this Act, see section 606 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g).’’. 
SEC. 105. AMENDMENTS TO THE WESTERN AND 
CENTRAL PACIFIC FISHERIES CON-VENTION IMPLEMENTATION ACT. 
The Western and Central Pacific Fisheries 
Convention Implementation Act (title V of Public Law 109–479) is amended— 
(1) by amending section 506(c) (16 U.S.C. 
6905(c)) to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) A
DDITIONAL PROHIBITIONS AND EN-
FORCEMENT .—For additional prohibitions re-
lating to this Act and enforcement of this Act, see section 606 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g).’’; and 
(2) in section 507(a)(2) (16 U.S.C. 6906(a)(2)) 
by striking ‘‘suspension, on’’ and inserting ‘‘suspension, of’’. 
SEC. 106. AMENDMENTS TO THE ANTARCTIC MA-
RINE LIVING RESOURCES CONVEN-TION ACT. 
The Antarctic Marine Living Resources 
Convention Act of 1984 is amended— 
(1) in section 306 (16 U.S.C. 2435)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘which he 
knows, or reasonably should have known, was’’; 
(B) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, inves-
tigation,’’ after ‘‘search’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘, inves-
tigation,’’ after ‘‘search’’; and 
(2) in section 307 (16 U.S.C. 2436)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before 
the first sentence; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) R EGULATIONS TOIMPLEMENT CON-
SERVATION MEASURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-
sections (b), (c), and (d) of section 553 of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary of Com-merce may publish in the Federal Register a final regulation to implement any conserva-tion measure for which the Secretary of State notifies the Commission under section 305(a)(1)— 
‘‘(A) that has been in effect for 12 months 
or less; 
‘‘(B) that is adopted by the Commission; 
and 
‘‘(C) with respect to which the Secretary of 
State does not notify Commission in accord-ance with section 305(a)(1) within the time period allotted for objections under Article IX of the Convention. 
‘‘(2) E
NTERING INTO FORCE .—Upon publica-
tion of such regulation in the Federal Reg-ister, such conservation measure shall enter into force with respect to the United States.’’. 
SEC. 107. AMENDMENTS TO THE ATLANTIC 
TUNAS CONVENTION ACT. 
The Atlantic Tunas Convention Act of 1975 
is amended— 
(1) in section 6(c)(2) (16 U.S.C. 
971d(c)(2)(2))— 
(A) by striking ‘‘(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘(i)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(ii)’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(2)’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(B) Notwithstanding the requirements of 
subparagraph (A) and subsections (b) and (c) of section 553 of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary may issue final regulations to implement Commission recommendations re-ferred to in paragraph (1) concerning trade restrictive measures against nations or fish-ing entities.’’; (2) in section 7 (16 U.S.C. 971e) by striking 
subsections (e) and (f) and redesignating sub-section (g) as subsection (e); 
(3) in section 8 (16 U.S.C. 971f)— (A) by striking subsections (a) and (c); and (B) by inserting before subsection (b) the 
following: 
‘‘(a) For additional prohibitions relating to 
this Act and enforcement of this Act, see section 606 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g).’’; 
(4) in section 8(b) by striking ‘‘the enforce-
ment activities specified in section 8(a) of this Act’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘enforcement activities with respect to this Act that are otherwise authorized by law’’; and 
(5) by striking section 11 (16 U.S.C. 971j) 
and redesignating sections 12 and 13 as sec-tions 11 and 12, respectively. 
SEC. 108. AMENDMENTS TO THE HIGH SEAS FISH-
ING COMPLIANCE ACT OF 1965. 
Section 104(f) of the High Seas Fishing 
Compliance Act of 1995 (16 U.S.C. 5503(f)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(f) V
ALIDITY .—A permit issued under this 
section for a vessel is void if— 
‘‘(1) any other permit or authorization re-
quired for the vessel to fish is expired, re-voked, or suspended; or 
‘‘(2) the vessel is no longer documented 
under the laws of the United States or eligi-ble for such documentation.’’. 
SEC. 109. AMENDMENTS TO THE DOLPHIN PRO-
TECTION CONSUMER INFORMATION ACT. 
The Dolphin Protection Consumer Infor-
mation Act (16 U.S.C. 1385) is amended by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL PROHIBITIONS AND EN-
FORCEMENT .—For additional prohibitions re-
lating to this Act and enforcement of this Act, see section 606 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g).’’. 
SEC. 110. AMENDMENTS TO THE NORTHERN PA-
CIFIC HALIBUT ACT OF 1982. 
Section 7 of the Northern Pacific Halibut 
Act of 1982 (16 U.S.C. 773e) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by redesignating para-
graphs (1) through (6) as subparagraphs (A) through (F); 
(2) by redesignating subsections (a) and (b) 
as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; 
(3) in paragraph (1)(B), as so redesignated, 
by inserting ‘‘, investigation,’’ before ‘‘or in-spection’’; 
(4) in paragraph (1)(C), as so redesignated, 
by inserting ‘‘, investigation,’’ before ‘‘or in-spection’’; 
(5) in paragraph (1)(E), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; and 
(6) in paragraph (1)(F), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘section.’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion; or’’. 
SEC. 111. AMENDMENTS TO THE NORTHWEST AT-
LANTIC FISHERIES CONVENTION ACT OF 1995. 
Section 207 of the Northwest Atlantic Fish-
eries Convention Act of 1995 (16 U.S.C. 5606) is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AND 
PENALTIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AND ENFORCE -
MENT ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting ‘‘, in-
vestigation,’’ before ‘‘or inspection’’; 
(3) in subsection (a)(3), by inserting ‘‘, in-
vestigation,’’ before ‘‘or inspection’’; and 
(4) by striking subsections (b) through (f) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(b) A DDITIONAL PROHIBITIONS AND EN-
FORCEMENT .—For additional prohibitions re-
lating to this Act and enforcement of this Act, see section 606 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.004 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5482 July 27, 2015 
SEC. 112. AMENDMENT TO THE MAGNUSON-STE-
VENS FISHERY CONSERVATION AND MANAGEMENT ACT. 
Section 307(1)(Q) of the Magnuson-Stevens 
Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1857(1)(Q)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘or any treaty or in contravention of any binding conservation measure adopted by an inter-national agreement or organization to which the United States is a party’’. 
TITLE II—IMPLEMENTATION OF THE 
ANTIGUA CONVENTION 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Antigua 
Convention Implementing Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. AMENDMENT OF THE TUNA CONVEN-
TIONS ACT OF 1950. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
whenever in this title an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 (16 U.S.C. 951 et seq.). 
SEC. 203. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 2 (16 U.S.C. 951) is amended to read 
as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) A
NTIGUA CONVENTION .—The term ‘Anti-
gua Convention’ means the Convention for the Strengthening of the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission Established by the 1949 Convention Between the United States of America and the Republic of Costa Rica, signed at Washington, November 14, 2003. 
‘‘(2) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘Commission’ 
means the Inter-American Tropical Tuna Commission provided for by the Convention. 
‘‘(3) C
ONVENTION .—The term ‘Convention’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) the Convention for the Establishment 
of an Inter-American Tropical Tuna Com-mission, signed at Washington, May 31, 1949, by the United States of America and the Re-public of Costa Rica; 
‘‘(B) the Antigua Convention, upon its 
entry into force for the United States, and any amendments thereto that are in force for the United States; or 
‘‘(C) both such Conventions, as the context 
requires. 
‘‘(4) P
ERSON .—The term ‘person’ means an 
individual, partnership, corporation, or asso-ciation subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. 
‘‘(5) U
NITED STATES .—The term ‘United 
States’ includes all areas under the sov-ereignty of the United States. 
‘‘(6) U
NITED STATES COMMISSIONERS .—The 
term ‘United States commissioners’ means the individuals appointed in accordance with section 3(a).’’. 
SEC. 204. COMMISSIONERS; NUMBER, APPOINT-
MENT, AND QUALIFICATIONS. 
Section 3 (16 U.S.C. 952) is amended to read 
as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 3. COMMISSIONERS. 
‘‘(a) C OMMISSIONERS .—The United States 
shall be represented on the Commission by 4 United States Commissioners. The President shall appoint individuals to serve on the Commission. The United States Commis-sioners shall be subject to supervision and removal by the Secretary of State, in con-sultation with the Secretary. In making the appointments, the President shall select United States Commissioners from among individuals who are knowledgeable or experi-enced concerning highly migratory fish stocks in the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean, one of whom shall be an officer or employee of the Department of Commerce. Not more than 2 United States Commissioners may be 
appointed who reside in a State other than a State whose vessels maintain a substantial fishery in the area of the Convention. 
‘‘(b) A
LTERNATE COMMISSIONERS .—The Sec-
retary of State, in consultation with the Secretary, may designate from time to time and for periods of time deemed appropriate Alternate United States Commissioners to the Commission. Any Alternate United States Commissioner may exercise, at any meeting of the Commission or of the General Advisory Committee or Scientific Advisory Subcommittee established pursuant to sec-tion 4(b), all powers and duties of a United States Commissioner in the absence of any United States Commissioner appointed pur-suant to subsection (a) of this section for whatever reason. The number of such Alter-nate United States Commissioners that may be designated for any such meeting shall be limited to the number of United States Com-missioners appointed pursuant to subsection (a) of this section who will not be present at such meeting. 
‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— 
‘‘(1) E MPLOYMENT STATUS .—Individuals 
serving as United States Commissioners, other than officers or employees of the United States Government, shall not be con-sidered Federal employees except for the purposes of injury compensation or tort claims liability as provided in chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPENSATION .—The United States 
Commissioners or Alternate Commissioners, although officers of the United States while so serving, shall receive no compensation for their services as United States Commis-sioners or Alternate Commissioners. 
‘‘(3) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .— 
‘‘(A) The Secretary of State shall pay the 
necessary travel expenses of United States Commissioners and Alternate United States Commissioners to meetings of the Inter- American Tropical Tuna Commission and other meetings the Secretary of State deems necessary to fulfill their duties, in accord-ance with the Federal Travel Regulations and sections 5701, 5702, 5704 through 5708, and 5731 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary may reimburse the Sec-
retary of State for amounts expended by the Secretary of State under this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 205. GENERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE AND 
SCIENTIFIC ADVISORY SUB-COMMITTEE. 
Section 4 (16 U.S.C. 953) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) A PPOINTMENTS ; PUBLIC PARTICIPATION ; 
COMPENSATION .— 
‘‘(A) The Secretary, in consultation with 
the Secretary of State, shall appoint a Gen-eral Advisory Committee which shall consist of not more than 25 individuals who shall be representative of the various groups con-cerned with the fisheries covered by the Con-vention, including nongovernmental con-servation organizations, providing to the maximum extent practicable an equitable balance among such groups. Members of the General Advisory Committee will be eligible to participate as members of the United States delegation to the Commission and its working groups to the extent the Commis-sion rules and space for delegations allow. 
‘‘(B) The chair of the Pacific Fishery Man-
agement Council’s Advisory Subpanel for Highly Migratory Fisheries and the chair of the Western Pacific Fishery Management 
Council’s Advisory Committee shall be ex- officio members of the General Advisory Committee by virtue of their positions in those Councils. 
‘‘(C) Each member of the General Advisory 
Committee appointed under subparagraph (A) shall serve for a term of 3 years and is el-
igible for reappointment. 
‘‘(D) The General Advisory Committee 
shall be invited to attend all non-executive meetings of the United States delegation and at such meetings shall be given opportunity to examine and to be heard on all proposed programs of investigation, reports, rec-ommendations, and regulations of the Com-mission. 
‘‘(E) The General Advisory Committee 
shall determine its organization, and pre-scribe its practices and procedures for car-rying out its functions under this title, the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.), and the Convention. The General Advisory Com-mittee shall publish and make available to the public a statement of its organization, practices and procedures. Meetings of the General Advisory Committee, except when in executive session, shall be open to the pub-lic, and prior notice of meetings shall be made public in timely fashion. The General Advisory Committee shall not be subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Secretary 
and the Secretary of State shall furnish the General Advisory Committee with relevant information concerning fisheries and inter-national fishery agreements. 
‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE MATTERS .— 
‘‘(A) The Secretary shall provide to the 
General Advisory Committee in a timely manner such administrative and technical support services as are necessary for its ef-fective functioning. 
‘‘(B) Individuals appointed to serve as a 
member of the General Advisory Com-mittee— 
‘‘(i) shall serve without pay, but while 
away from their homes or regular places of business to attend meetings of the General Advisory Committee shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of sub-sistence, in the same manner as persons em-ployed intermittently in the Government service are allowed expenses under section 5703 of title 5, United States Code; and 
‘‘(ii) shall not be considered Federal em-
ployees except for the purposes of injury compensation or tort claims liability as pro-vided in chapter 81 of title 5, United States Code, and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code.’’; 
(2) by striking so much of subsection (b) as 
precedes paragraph (2) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(b) S
CIENTIFIC ADVISORY SUBCOMMITTEE .— 
(1) The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall appoint a Scientific Advisory Subcommittee of not less than 5 nor more than 15 qualified scientists with balanced representation from the public and private sectors, including nongovernmental conservation organizations.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘Gen-
eral Advisory Subcommittee’’ and inserting ‘‘General Advisory Committee’’. 
SEC. 206. RULEMAKING. 
Section 6 (16 U.S.C. 955) is amended to read 
as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 6. RULEMAKING. 
‘‘(a) R EGULATIONS .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of State and, with respect to enforcement measures, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, may promulgate such regulations as may be necessary to carry out the United States international obligations under the Convention and this Act, including recommendations and deci-sions adopted by the Commission. In cases where the Secretary has discretion in the implementation of one or more measures 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.004 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5483 July 27, 2015 
adopted by the Commission that would gov-
ern fisheries under the authority of a Re-gional Fishery Management Council, the Secretary may, to the extent practicable within the implementation schedule of the Convention and any recommendations and decisions adopted by the Commission, pro-mulgate such regulations as may be nec-essary to carry out the United States inter-national obligations under the Convention and this Act, in accordance with the proce-dures established by the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
‘‘(b) J
URISDICTION .—The Secretary may 
promulgate regulations as may be necessary to carry out the United States international obligations under the Convention and this Act, applicable to all vessels and persons subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, including vessels documented under chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, wherever they may be operating, on such date as the Secretary shall prescribe.’’. 
SEC. 207. PROHIBITED ACTS. 
Section 8 (16 U.S.C. 957) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘section 6(c) of this Act’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 6’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) A
DDITIONAL PROHIBITIONS AND EN-
FORCEMENT .—For prohibitions relating to 
this Act and enforcement of this Act, see section 606 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g).’’. 
SEC. 208. ENFORCEMENT. 
Section 10 (16 U.S.C. 959) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 10. ENFORCEMENT. 
‘‘For enforcement of this Act, see section 
606 of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Mora-torium Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1826g).’’. 
SEC. 209. REDUCTION OF BYCATCH. 
Section 15 (16 U.S.C. 962) is amended by 
striking ‘‘vessel’’ and inserting ‘‘vessels’’. 
SEC. 210. REPEAL OF EASTERN PACIFIC TUNA LI-
CENSING ACT OF 1984. 
The Eastern Pacific Tuna Licensing Act of 
1984 (16 U.S.C. 972 et seq.) is repealed. 
TITLE III—AGREEMENT ON PORT STATE 
MEASURES TO PREVENT, DETER AND ELIMINATE ILLEGAL, UNREPORTED AND UNREGULATED FISHING 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Port State 
Measures Agreement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this title is to implement 
the Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unre-ported and Unregulated Fishing. 
SEC. 303. DEFINITIONS. 
As used in this title: (1) The term ‘‘Agreement’’ means the 
Agreement on Port State Measures to Pre-vent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unre-ported and Unregulated Fishing, done at the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, in Rome, Italy, November 22, 2009, and signed by the United States No-vember 22, 2009. 
(2) The term ‘‘IUU fishing’’ means any ac-
tivity set out in paragraph 3 of the 2001 FAO International Plan of Action to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing. 
(3) The term ‘‘listed IUU vessel’’ means a 
vessel that is included in a list of vessels having engaged in IUU fishing or fishing-re-lated activities in support of IUU fishing that has been adopted by a regional fisheries management organization of which the United States is a member, or a list adopted by a regional fisheries management organi-zation of which the United States is not a 
member if the Secretary determines the cri-teria used by that organization to create the IUU list is comparable to criteria adopted by RFMOs of which the United States is a mem-ber for identifying IUU vessels and activi-ties. 
(4) The term ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act’’ 
means the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Con-servation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). 
(5) The term ‘‘person’’ has the same mean-
ing as that term has in section 3 of the Mag-nuson-Stevens Act (16 U.S.C. 1802). 
(6) The terms ‘‘RFMO’’ and ‘‘regional fish-
eries management organization’’ mean a re-gional fisheries management organization (as that term is defined by the United Na-tion’s Food and Agriculture Organization Agreement on Port State Measures to Pre-vent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unre-ported and Unregulated Fishing) that is rec-ognized by the United States. 
(7) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of Commerce or his or her designee. 
(8) The term ‘‘vessel’’ means any vessel, 
ship of another type, or boat used for, equipped to be used for, or intended to be used for, fishing or fishing-related activities, including container vessels that are carrying fish that have not been previously landed. 
(9) The term ‘‘fish’’ means finfish, mol-
lusks, crustaceans, and all other forms of marine animal and plant life other than ma-rine mammals and birds. 
(10) The term ‘‘fishing’’— (A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), 
means— 
(i) the catching, taking, or harvesting of 
fish; 
(ii) the attempted catching, taking, or har-
vesting of fish; 
(iii) any other activity which can reason-
ably be expected to result in the catching, taking, or harvesting of fish; or 
(iv) any operations at sea in support of, or 
in preparation for, any activity described in clauses (i) through (iii); and 
(B) does not include any scientific research 
activity that is conducted by a scientific re-search vessel. 
SEC. 304. DUTIES AND AUTHORITIES OF THE SEC-
RETARY. 
(a) R EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may, as 
needed, promulgate such regulations— 
(1) in accordance with section 553 of title 5, 
United States Code; 
(2) consistent with provisions of the title; 
and 
(3) with respect to enforcement measures, 
in consultation with the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating; 
as may be necessary to carry out the pur-
poses of this title, to the extent that such regulations are not already promulgated. 
(b) P
ORTS OF ENTRY .—The Secretary, in 
consultation with the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating, may designate and publicize the ports to which vessels may seek entry. No port may be designated under this section that has not also been designated as a port of entry for customs reporting purposes pursu-ant to section 1433 of title 19, United States Code, or that is not specified under an exist-ing international fisheries agreement. 
(c) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide notification of the denial of port entry or the use of port services for a vessel under section 305, the withdrawal of the denial of port services for a foreign vessel, the taking of enforcement action pursuant to section 306 with respect to a foreign vessel, or the re-sults of any inspection of a foreign vessel conducted pursuant to this title to the flag nation of the vessel and, as appropriate, to the nation of which the vessel’s master is a 
national, relevant coastal nations, RFMOs, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, and other relevant inter-national organizations. 
(d) C
ONFIRMATION THAT FISHWERETAKEN  
INACCORDANCE WITH CONSERVATION AND  
MANAGEMENT MEASURES .—The Secretary 
may request confirmation from the flag state of a foreign vessel that the fish on board a foreign vessel in a port subject to the jurisdiction of the United States were taken in accordance with applicable RFMO con-servation and management measures. 
SEC. 305. AUTHORIZATION OR DENIAL OF PORT 
ENTRY. 
(a) S UBMISSION OF INFORMATION REQUIRED  
UNDER AGREEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A vessel described in para-
graph (2) seeking entry to a port that is sub-ject to the jurisdiction of the United States must submit to the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating information as required under the Agree-ment in advance of its arrival in port. The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall provide that information to the Secretary. 
(2) C
OVERED VESSELS .—A vessel referred to 
in paragraph (1) is any vessel that— 
(A) is not documented under chapter 121 of 
title 46, United States Code; and 
(B) is not numbered under chapter 123 of 
that title. 
(b) D ECISION TOAUTHORIZE OR DENYPORT 
ENTRY .— 
(1) D ECISION .—The Secretary shall decide, 
based on the information submitted under subsection (a), whether to authorize or deny port entry by the vessel, and shall commu-nicate such decision to— 
(A) the Secretary of the department in 
which the Coast Guard is operating; and 
(B) the vessel or its representative. (2) A
UTHORIZATION OR DENIAL OF ENTRY .— 
The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall authorize or deny entry to vessels to which such a de-cision applies. 
(3) V
ESSELS TO WHICH ENTRY MAY BE DE -
NIED.—The Secretary of the department in 
which the Coast Guard is operating may deny entry to any vessel to which such a de-cision applies— 
(A) that is described in subsection (a)(2); 
and 
(B) that— (i) is a listed IUU vessel; or (ii) the Secretary of Commerce has reason-
able grounds to believe— 
(I) has engaged in IUU fishing or fishing-re-
lated activities in support of such fishing; or 
(II) has violated this title. 
(c) D
ENIAL OF USE OF PORT.—If a vessel de-
scribed in subsection (a)(2) is in a port that is subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, at the request of the Secretary, shall deny such vessel the use of the port for landing, trans-shipment, packaging and processing of fish, refueling, resupplying, maintenance, and drydocking, if— 
(1) the vessel entered without authoriza-
tion under subsection (b); 
(2) the vessel is a listed IUU vessel; (3) the vessel is not documented under the 
laws of another nation; 
(4) the flag nation of the vessel has failed 
to provide confirmation requested by the Secretary that the fish on board were taken in accordance with applicable RFMO con-servation and management measures; or 
(5) the Secretary has reasonable grounds to 
believe— 
(A) the vessel lacks valid authorizations to 
engage in fishing or fishing-related activities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.004 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5484 July 27, 2015 
as required by its flag nation or the relevant 
coastal nation; 
(B) the fish on board were taken in viola-
tion of foreign law or in contravention of any RFMO conservation and management measure; or 
(C) the vessel has engaged in IUU fishing or 
fishing-related activities in support of such fishing, including in support of a listed IUU vessel, unless it can establish that— 
(i) it was acting in a manner consistent 
with applicable RFMO conservation and management measures; or 
(ii) in the case of the provision of per-
sonnel, fuel, gear, and other supplies at sea, the vessel provisioned was not, at the time of provisioning, a listed IUU vessel. 
(d) E
XCEPTIONS .—Notwithstanding sub-
sections (b) and (c), the Secretary of the de-partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating may allow port entry or the use of port services— 
(1) if they are essential to the safety or 
health of the crew or safety of the vessel; 
(2) to allow, where appropriate, for the 
scrapping of the vessel; or 
(3) pursuant to an inspection or other en-
forcement action. 
SEC. 306. INSPECTIONS. 
The Secretary, and the Secretary of the de-
partment in which the Coast Guard is oper-ating, shall conduct foreign vessel inspec-tions in ports subject to the jurisdiction of the United States as necessary to achieve the purposes of the Agreement and this title. If, following an inspection, the Secretary has reasonable grounds to believe that a foreign vessel has engaged in IUU fishing or fishing- related activities in support of such fishing, the Secretary may take enforcement action under this title or other applicable law, and shall deny the vessel the use of port services, in accordance with section 305. 
SEC. 307. PROHIBITED ACTS. 
It is unlawful for any person subject to the 
jurisdiction of the United States— 
(1) to violate any provision of this title or 
the regulations issued under this title; 
(2) to refuse to permit any authorized offi-
cer to board, search, or inspect a vessel that is subject to the person’s control in connec-tion with the enforcement of this title or the regulations issued under this title; 
(3) to submit false information pursuant to 
any requirement under this title or the regu-lations issued under this title; or 
(4) to commit any offense enumerated in 
paragraph (4), (5), (7), or (9) of section 707(a) of the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Convention Implementation Act (16 U.S.C. 6906(a)). 
SEC. 308. ENFORCEMENT. 
(a) E XISTING AUTHORITIES AND RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .— 
(1) A UTHORITIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
The authorities and responsibilities under subsections (a), (b), and (c) of section 311 and subsection (f) of section 308 of the Magnuson- Stevens Act (16 U.S.C. 1861, 1858) and para-graphs (2), (3), and (7) of section 310(b) of the Antarctic Marine Living Resources Conven-tion Act of 1984 (16 U.S.C. 2439(b)) shall apply with respect to enforcement of this title. 
(2) I
NCLUDED VESSELS .—For purposes of en-
forcing this title, any reference in such para-graphs and subsections to a ‘‘vessel’’ or ‘‘fishing vessel’’ includes all vessels as de-fined in section 303(8) of this title. 
(3) A
PPLICATION OF OTHER PROVISIONS .— 
Such paragraphs and subsections apply to violations of this title and any regulations promulgated under this title. 
(b) C
IVILENFORCEMENT .— 
(1) C IVIL ADMINISTRATIVE PENALTIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Any person who is found 
by the Secretary (after notice and oppor-tunity for a hearing in accordance with sec-tion 554 of title 5, United States Code) to 
have committed an act prohibited under sec-tion 307 shall be liable to the United States for a civil penalty. The amount of the civil penalty shall be consistent with the amount 
under section 308(a) of the Magnuson-Stevens Act (16 U.S.C. 1858(a)). 
(B) C
OMPROMISE OR OTHER ACTION BY SEC -
RETARY .—The Secretary shall have the same 
authority as provided in section 308(e) of the Magnuson-Stevens Act (16 U.S.C. 1858(e)) with respect to a violation of this Act. 
(2) I
N REM JURISDICTION .—For purposes of 
this title, the conditions for in rem liability shall be consistent with section 308(d) of the Magnuson-Stevens Act (16 U.S.C. 1858(d)). 
(3) A
CTION UPON FAILURE TO PAY ASSESS -
MENT .—If any person fails to pay an assess-
ment of a civil penalty under this title after it has become a final and unappealable order, or after the appropriate court has entered final judgment in favor of the Secretary, the Secretary shall refer the matter to the At-torney General, who shall recover the amount assessed in any appropriate district court of the United States. In such action, the validity and appropriateness of the final order imposing the civil penalty shall not be subject to review. 
(c) F
ORFEITURE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Any foreign vessel (in-
cluding its fishing gear, furniture, appur-tenances, stores, and cargo) used, and any fish (or the fair market value thereof) im-ported or possessed in connection with or as result of the commission of any act prohib-ited by section 307 of this title shall be sub-ject to forfeiture under section 310 of the Magnuson-Stevens Act (16 U.S.C. 1860). 
(2) A
PPLICATION OF THE CUSTOMS LAWS .—All 
provisions of law relating to seizure, sum-mary judgment, and judicial forfeiture and condemnation for violation of the customs laws, the disposition of the property for-feited or condemned or the proceeds from the sale thereof, the remission or mitigation of such forfeitures, and the compromise of claims shall apply to seizures and forfeitures incurred, or alleged to have been incurred, under the provisions of this title, insofar as applicable and not inconsistent with the pro-visions hereof. For seizures and forfeitures of property under this section by the Secretary, such duties as are imposed upon the customs officer or any other person with respect to the seizure and forfeiture of property under the customs law may be performed by such officers as are designated by the Secretary or, upon request of the Secretary, by any other agency that has authority to manage and dispose of seized property. 
(3) P
RESUMPTION .—For the purposes of this 
section there is a rebuttable presumption that all fish, or components thereof, found on board a vessel that is used or seized in connection with a violation of this title (in-cluding any regulation promulgated under this Act) were taken, obtained, or retained as a result of IUU fishing or fishing-related activities in support of IUU fishing. 
(d) C
RIMINAL ENFORCEMENT .—Any person 
(other than a foreign government agency, or entity wholly owned by a foreign govern-ment) who knowingly commits an act pro-hibited by section 307 of this title shall be subject to subsections (b) and (c) of section 309 of the Magnuson-Stevens Act (16 U.S.C. 1859). 
(e) P
AYMENT OF STORAGE , CARE, ANDOTHER  
COSTS.—Any person assessed a civil penalty 
for, or convicted of, any violation of this title (including any regulation promulgated under this title) and any claimant in a for-feiture action brought for such a violation, shall be liable for the reasonable costs in-curred by the Secretary in storage, care, and maintenance of any property seized in con-nection with the violation. SEC. 309. INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION AND 
ASSISTANCE. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO DEVELOPING NATIONS  
AND INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS .—Con-
sistent with existing authority and the availability of funds, the Secretary shall pro-vide appropriate assistance to developing na-tions and international organizations of which such nations are members to assist those nations in meeting their obligations under the Agreement. 
(b) P
ERSONNEL , SERVICES , EQUIPMENT , AND 
FACILITIES .—In carrying out subsection (a), 
the Secretary may, by agreement, on a reim-bursable or nonreimbursable basis, utilize the personnel, services, equipment, and fa-cilities of any Federal, State, local, or for-eign government or any entity of any such government. 
SEC. 310. RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER LAWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this title shall 
be construed to displace any requirements imposed by the customs laws of the United States or any other laws or regulations en-forced or administered by the Secretary of Homeland Security. Where more stringent requirements regarding port entry or access to port services exist under other Federal law, those more stringent requirements shall apply. Nothing in this title shall affect a ves-sel’s entry into port, in accordance with international law, for reasons of force majeure or distress. 
(b) U
NITED STATES OBLIGATIONS UNDER  
INTERNATIONAL LAW.—This title shall be in-
terpreted and applied in accordance with United States obligations under inter-national law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ) 
and the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. B
ORDALLO ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from American Samoa. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from American Samoa? 
There was no objection. Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
As the Congresswoman from Amer-
ican Samoa, I can confidently say that fishing and the jobs it provides are one of the biggest issues of our territory. It is a way of life. It has shaped our cul-ture, our customs, and our traditions, and that must continue. It is for that reason that I am a cosponsor of H.R. 774, the Illegal, Unreported, and Un-regulated Fishing Enforcement Act of 2015. 
Sometimes referred to as ‘‘pirate 
fishing,’’ illegal, unreported, and un-regulated—or IUU—fishing is a wide range of fishing activities that fail to comply with national, regional, or global fisheries, conservation, and management requirements. These un-lawful practices impact various sectors of our seafood industry, which is cer-tainly true in respect to our tuna in-dustry in American Samoa. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.004 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5485 July 27, 2015 
By nature, the impact of IUU fishing 
is difficult to quantify, though some estimates suggest that it results in economic losses between $10 billion to $23 billion worldwide annually. The ef-fects of IUU fishing aren’t only felt on the decks of our fishing boats, the im-pacts that we are talking about here can be felt all the way to your dinner plate. 
The intent of H.R. 774 is to ensure 
that the fishermen that I represent can operate on a level playing field with foreign nation vessels. Specifically, the bill aims to identify and regulate ille-gal foreign fishing vessels that are hurting our fishermen’s ability to pro-vide for their families. 
I do have to say that, while I am a 
cosponsor of this legislation, I wish that we would have been able to come to an agreement on language that I had proposed specific to the actions and regulations administered by the West-ern and Central Pacific Fisheries Com-mission, of which American Samoa is a participating territory. 
The intent of my language was to en-
sure that the Commission could not act in a manner that would hurt our fisher-men more than those of other partici-pating foreign nations. All I want is for our fishermen in American Samoa to be on a level playing field with foreign nation vessels to be able to provide for their families. 
While we were not able to reach con-
sensus on my proposed language, I look forward to working with my fellow committee colleagues toward a solu-tion to help the fishing industry in American Samoa. 
Remaining fair and true to our fish-
ermen is so important in the territory that I represent because the fishing in-dustry is the economic driver of many of our communities. While I will con-tinue to work on those ideas legisla-tively in another vehicle, this is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Today, I rise to urge my colleagues 
to support passage of H.R. 774, a bill that I sponsored. It is the Illegal, Unre-ported, and Unregulated Fishing En-forcement Act of 2015. 
H.R. 774 would strengthen enforce-
ment mechanisms to combat IUU fish-ing, which threatens the economic and social infrastructure of our fishing communities and industry. IUU fishing also threatens the security of the United States and our allies. Countries like Australia, Papua New Guinea, and Palau have led the way in combating IUU fishing. I appreciate that the House is finally taking action that will help to demonstrate U.S. leadership on this important issue. 
IUU fishing costs our fishing industry 
over tens of billions of dollars over the years. This tremendous impact on fish-ing economies undermines their finan-cial security and can destabilize re-gions. Additionally, in some cases, we have seen IUU fishing facilitates illegal 
human and wildlife trafficking. IUU is bad for our national security, and we must give U.S. authorities the tools to combat this illegal activity. 
b1515 
The bill would provide NOAA and the 
Coast Guard with much-needed tools to fight foreign illegal fishing. It would also implement the Agreement on Port State Measures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate IUU fishing, a treaty ratified by the Senate that would set inter-national standards for denying port entry and services to vessels that have engaged in illegal fishing. 
I am proud to note that H.R. 774 is a 
truly bipartisan effort, a result of the hard work of both Democratic and Re-publican staff, the cosponsorships of both Republican and Democratic Mem-bers, and the leadership of the Natural Resources Committee, as well as the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
I want to thank Matt Strickler and 
Jean Flemma, the Natural Resources Committee staff, for their tireless work to move this forward. 
I would also like to acknowledge the 
International Conservation Caucus Foundation, the Gulf Coast Leadership Conference, and the countless rec-reational and commercial fishing busi-nesses across the country for their full- fledged support of this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on H.R. 774, to ensure that the U.S. re-mains a leader in ensuring the eco-
nomic security of our Nation and our allies. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to urge my col-
leagues to support H.R. 774, the Illegal Unre-ported and Unregulated (IUU) Fishing Enforce-ment Act of 2015. H.R. 774 would strengthen enforcement mechanisms to stop IUU fishing, which threatens the economic and social infra-structure of our fishing communities and in-dustry, as well as the security of the United States and our allies. 
While it is difficult to fully track IUU fishing, 
it is estimated to have a global value of $10 billion to $23.5 billion, representing between 11 million and 26 million tons of fish. Not only does this kind of fishing harm marine eco-systems and deplete fish stocks around the world, it also causes significant economic harm to U.S. fishermen. For example, the $700 million worth of king crab harvested ille-gally from Russian waters alone undercuts the prices Alaskan king crab fishermen get for their catch, hurting the bottom line of a fishery that has become a model for sustainable har-vest. IUU fishing in Pacific Ocean waters ac-counts for approximately 33 percent of total catch from those fisheries. IUU fishing on highly migratory stocks like tuna leaves fewer fish in the water for U.S. fishermen who play by the rules, and frustrates our efforts to man-age far-ranging stocks responsibly. If stocks fail to recover, additional restrictions may be placed on U.S. fishermen, forcing economic losses and undermining confidence in the fair-ness of the management system. 
In addition to depressing job opportunities 
and income in the U.S. fishing industry, IUU fishing is also a matter of national and re-
gional security for the U.S. and our allies. IUU fishing is closely associated with various traf-ficking activities that are highly likely to oper-ate from the same foreign vessels that engage in IUU fishing activities. A 2011 report issued by the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime documented the link between illegal fishing and transnational organized crime in-cluding human trafficking, drug smuggling, gun running, terrorism, and even slave labor. Es-pecially given that 91 percent of seafood con-sumed in the United States is imported, it is critical to ensure that the purchases of unsuspecting Americans are not supporting these activities. 
We often view security issues through the 
traditional prism of hard power, but we need to shift that paradigm, particularly in the Asia-Pa-cific region. IUU fishing has become a signifi-cant issue that has caused conflicts between countries and threatens regional stability such as that in the Asia-Pacific region. IUU fishing is a threat to regional security, and we must take steps to address the matter. Banyan Ana-lytics released a report in 2014 that talks about security in the Pacific Island nations, and IUU fishing or food security was a major issue for this region. As we rebalance to the Asia-Pacific region, we cannot ignore these types of issues. 
Just as importantly, the problem of IUU fish-
ing is not unique to the Western Pacific. Many American communities, from Alaska and the Pacific Northwest to the Gulf Coast and up and down the Atlantic seaboard, face similar challenges that threaten local economies as well as our national food security. 
The United States has become a world 
leader in sustainable management of marine fisheries, in great part due to the Magnuson- Stevens Act. In other parts of the world, how-
ever, poor fisheries management is more com-mon, and stocks are overharvested—the direct result of IUU fishing. 
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-
ministration (NOAA) recently reported that no federally-managed fisheries are subject to overfishing. However, that is not the case for many stocks managed by other nations, as well as those managed by several countries through regional fishery management organi-zations (RFM0s). Over seventy percent of major global marine fish stocks are fully ex-ploited, overexploited, depleted, or recovering from depletion, driven in part by the persist-ence of IUU fishing. 
Our allies and partners have already taken 
the lead on this issue. The EU Fisheries Council has implemented trade restrictions on countries who do not cooperate in combating IUU fishing. Our partners like Australia, Palau, and Papua New Guinea have all taken action to curb IUU fishing in their own EEZs. We cannot continue to lead from behind on IUU fishing enforcement The United States must take our leadership role in this important na-tional security matter seriously. 
I commend the work of the Presidential 
Task Force on IUU Fishing and Seafood Fraud, which is the culmination and continu-ation of the many years of effort on the part of leaders and stakeholders in our fishing communities, in the seafood sector, and in our conservation community. However, we must 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.016 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5486 July 27, 2015 
continue to do more. Moreover, H.R. 774 in-
cludes provisions that were specifically re-quested by the Task Force that would en-hance the United States’ ability to combat IUU fishing. 
H.R. 774 is the product of extensive nego-
tiations between Democratic and Republican staff in the last Congress, and I commend the Natural Resources Committee staff, particu-larly Matt Strickler and former staff Jean Flemma, for their work in moving this legisla-tion forward. It is also supported by a broad coalition that includes the U.S. State Depart-ment, fishing industry interests, and conserva-tion groups. I also thank Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska 
and his staff for working with us on this legis-lation, and for his continued leadership on an issue that impacts many of his Alaska con-stituents. 
I am proud to note that H.R. 774 was intro-
duced with—and quickly gained—strong bipar-tisan support, which included Mr. D
ONYOUNG  
of Alaska; Mr. P ETER DEFAZIO, Ranking Mem-
ber of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee; Mr. R
OBWITTMAN , Chair of the 
Subcommittee on Readiness in the Armed Services Committee; Mr. D
UNCAN HUNTER and 
Mr. J OHN GARAMENDI , respectively Chair and 
Ranking Member of the Coast Guard and Mar-itime Transportation Subcommittee of the Transportation and Infrastructure Sub-committee; Mr. E
DROYCE , Chair of the For-
eign Affairs Committee; and Mr. M ICHAEL  
MCCAUL, Chair of the Homeland Security 
Committee. 
I also acknowledge and thank the leader-
ship of Chairman R OBBISHOP and Ranking 
Member R AU´LGRIJALVA of the Natural Re-
sources Committee. H.R. 774 passed the Nat-ural Resources Committee by unanimous con-sent on April 30, 2015. 
I would also like to thank the International 
Conservation Caucus Foundation, the Gulf Coast Leadership Conference, and the count-less recreational and commercial fishing busi-nesses across the country for their full-fledged support of this bill. 
It will continue to take a collective effort to 
prevent IUU fishing, from stakeholders, the White House, and Congress, so I urge my col-leagues to vote yes on H.R. 774, so that the U.S. remains a leader in ensuring the eco-nomic security of our nation and our allies. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no further speakers, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 774, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
EVIDENCE-BASED POLICYMAKING 
COMMISSION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1831) to establish the Commission 
on Evidence-Based Policymaking, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1831 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Evidence- 
Based Policymaking Commission Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT. 
There is established in the executive 
branch a commission to be known as the ‘‘Commission on Evidence-Based Policy-making’’ (in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
SEC. 3. MEMBERS OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) N UMBER AND APPOINTMENT .—The Com-
mission shall be comprised of 15 members as follows: 
(1) Three shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent, of whom— 
(A) one shall be an academic researcher, 
data expert, or have experience in admin-istering programs; 
(B) one shall have expertise in database 
management, confidentiality, and privacy matters; and 
(C) one shall be the Director of the Office 
of Management and Budget (or the Director’s designee). 
(2) Three shall be appointed by the Speaker 
of the House of Representatives, of whom— 
(A) two shall be academic researchers, data 
experts, or have experience in administering programs; and 
(B) one shall have expertise in database 
management, confidentiality, and privacy matters. 
(3) Three shall be appointed by the Minor-
ity Leader of the House of Representatives, of whom— 
(A) two shall be academic researchers, data 
experts, or have experience in administering programs; and 
(B) one shall have expertise in database 
management, confidentiality, and privacy matters. 
(4) Three shall be appointed by the Major-
ity Leader of the Senate, of whom— 
(A) two shall be academic researchers, data 
experts, or have experience in administering programs; and 
(B) one shall have expertise in database 
management, confidentiality, and privacy matters. 
(5) Three shall be appointed by the Minor-
ity Leader of the Senate, of whom— 
(A) two shall be academic researchers, data 
experts, or have experience in administering programs; and 
(B) one shall have expertise in database 
management, confidentiality, and privacy matters. 
(b) E
XPERTISE .—In making appointments 
under this section, consideration should be given to individuals with expertise in eco-nomics, statistics, program evaluation, data security, confidentiality, or database man-agement. 
(c) C
HAIRPERSON AND CO-CHAIRPERSON .— 
The President shall select the chairperson of the Commission and the Speaker of the House of Representatives shall select the co- chairperson. 
(d) T
IMING OF APPOINTMENTS .—Appoint-
ments to the Commission shall be made not later than 45 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(e) T
ERMS ; VACANCIES .—Each member shall 
be appointed for the duration of the Commis-sion. Any vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, and shall be filled in the manner in which the original appoint-
ment was made. 
(f) C
OMPENSATION .—Members of the Com-
mission shall serve without pay. 
(g) T RAVEL EXPENSES .—Each member of 
the Commission shall be allowed travel ex-penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, at rates authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commis-sion. 
SEC. 4. DUTIES OF THE COMMISSION. 
(a) S TUDY OF DATA.—The Commission shall 
conduct a comprehensive study of the data inventory, data infrastructure, and statis-tical protocols related to Federal policy-making and the agencies responsible for maintaining that data to— 
(1) determine the optimal arrangement for 
which administrative data on Federal pro-grams and tax expenditures, survey data, and related statistical data series may be in-tegrated and made available to facilitate program evaluation, continuous improve-ment, policy-relevant research, and cost-ben-efit analyses by qualified researchers and in-stitutions; 
(2) make recommendations on how data in-
frastructure and statistical protocols should be modified to best fulfill the objectives identified in paragraph (1); and 
(3) make recommendations on how best to 
incorporate outcomes measurement, institu-tionalize randomized controlled trials, and rigorous impact analysis into program de-sign. 
(b) C
LEARINGHOUSE .—In undertaking the 
study required by subsection (a), the Com-mission shall consider whether a clearing-house for program and survey data should be established and how to create such a clear-inghouse. The Commission shall evaluate— 
(1) what administrative data and survey 
data are relevant for program evaluation and Federal policy-making and should be in-cluded in a potential clearinghouse; 
(2) which survey data the administrative 
data identified in paragraph (1) may be linked to, in addition to linkages across ad-ministrative data series; 
(3) what are the legal and administrative 
barriers to including or linking these data series; 
(4) what data-sharing infrastructure should 
be used to facilitate data merging and access for research purposes; 
(5) how a clearinghouse could be self-fund-
ed; 
(6) which types of researchers, officials, 
and institutions should have access to data and what their qualifications should be; 
(7) what limitations should be placed on 
the use of data provided; 
(8) how to protect information and ensure 
individual privacy and confidentiality; 
(9) how data and results of research can be 
used to inform program administrators and policymakers to improve program design; and 
(10) what incentives may facilitate inter-
agency sharing of information to improve programmatic effectiveness and enhance data accuracy and comprehensiveness. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Upon the affirmative vote of 
at least three-quarters of the members of the Commission, the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a detailed state-ment of its findings and conclusions as a re-sult of the activities required by subsections (a) and (b), together with its recommenda-tions for such legislation or administrative actions as the Commission considers appro-priate in light of the results of the study. 
(d) D
EADLINE .—The report under sub-
section (c) shall be submitted not later than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.003 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5487 July 27, 2015 
the date that is 15 months after the date a 
majority of the members of the Commission are appointed pursuant to section 3. 
(e) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘administrative data’’ means data— 
(1) held by an agency or a contractor or 
grantee of an agency (including a State or unit of local government); and 
(2) collected for other than statistical pur-
poses. 
SEC. 5. OPERATION AND POWERS OF THE COM-
MISSION. 
(a) E XECUTIVE BRANCH ASSISTANCE .—The 
heads of the following agencies shall advise and consult with the Commission on matters within their respective areas of responsi-bility: 
(1) The Bureau of the Census. (2) The Internal Revenue Service. (3) The Department of Health and Human 
Services. 
(4) The Department of Agriculture. (5) The Department of Housing and Urban 
Development. 
(6) The Social Security Administration. (7) The Department of Education. (8) The Department of Justice. (9) The Office of Management and Budget. (10) The Bureau of Economic Analysis. (11) The Bureau of Labor Statistics. (12) Any other agency, as determined by 
the Commission. 
(b) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet 
not later than 30 days after the date upon which a majority of its members have been appointed and at such times thereafter as the chairperson or co-chairperson shall de-termine. 
(c) R
ULES OF PROCEDURE .—The chairperson 
and co-chairperson shall, with the approval of a majority of the members of the Commis-sion, establish written rules of procedure for the Commission, which shall include a quorum requirement to conduct the business of the Commission. 
(d) H
EARINGS .—The Commission may, for 
the purpose of carrying out this Act, hold hearings, sit and act at times and places, take testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers appropriate. 
(e) C
ONTRACTS .—The Commission may con-
tract with and compensate government and private agencies or persons for any purpose necessary to enable it to carry out this Act. 
(f) M
AILS.—The Commission may use the 
United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other agencies of the Federal Government. 
(g) G
IFTS.—The Commission may accept, 
use, and dispose of gifts or donations of serv-ices or property. 
SEC. 6. FUNDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b) 
and the availability of appropriations— 
(1) at the request of the Director of the 
Census, the agencies identified as ‘‘Principal Statistical Agencies’’ in the report, pub-lished by the Office of Management and Budget, entitled ‘‘Statistical Programs of the United States Government, Fiscal Year 2015’’ shall transfer funds, as specified in ad-vance in appropriations Acts and in a total amount not to exceed $3,000,000, to the Bu-reau of the Census for purposes of carrying out the activities of the Commission as pro-vided in this Act; and 
(2) the Bureau of the Census shall provide 
administrative support to the Commission, which may include providing physical space at, and access to, the headquarters of the Bu-reau of the Census, located in Suitland, Maryland. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON NEWFUNDING .—No addi-
tional funds are authorized to be appro-priated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for the Bureau of the Census or the agencies described in subsection (a)(1). SEC. 7. PERSONNEL. 
(a) D IRECTOR .—The Commission shall have 
a Director who shall be appointed by the chairperson with the concurrence of the co- chairperson. The Director shall be paid at a rate of pay established by the chairperson and co-chairperson, not to exceed the annual rate of basic pay payable for level V of the Executive Schedule (section 5316 of title 5, United States Code). 
(b) S
TAFF .—The Director may appoint and 
fix the pay of additional staff as the Director considers appropriate. 
(c) E
XPERTS AND CONSULTANTS .—The Com-
mission may procure temporary and inter-mittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individ-uals which do not to exceed the daily equiva-lent of the annual rate of basic pay for a comparable position paid under the General Schedule. 
SEC. 8. TERMINATION. 
The Commission shall terminate not later 
than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) and the gentle-
woman from Michigan (Mrs. L AW-
RENCE ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 1831, as amended, introduced by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN), my friend, the chairman of the 
Ways and Means Committee. 
H.R. 1831 establishes a commission to 
study data across the Federal Govern-ment in order to approve policy-making. Under the bill, the President and the congressional leaders will ap-point 15 leading researchers, program administrators, and data and privacy experts who will have 18 months to complete their work. 
The commission will determine the 
best way to make the data accessible they need to make informed policy de-cisions. It will consider whether or not a clearinghouse would be a more pru-dent method of coordinating and pro-tecting data. 
The commission will also make rec-
ommendations on how to incorporate outcome data when designing Federal programs. It will help ensure the tax-payer can track the value of the pro-gram from the very first dollar that is spent. Chairman P
AULRYANhas tack-
led many important issues in this bill, ensuring access to existing Federal data to improve public policy decision-making. 
The Government Accountability Of-
fice repeatedly calls for more and bet-ter data for both GAO and agencies to effectively analyze Federal programs. 
Policymakers need access to data for decisionmaking so the Federal Govern-ment can be an effective steward of the taxpayers’ money and resources. 
The Federal Government administers 
more than 1,500 different programs, and the Congressional Budget Office esti-mates the annual Federal spending will exceed $4 trillion in just 2 years’ time. 
We know that some programs are du-
plicative or wasteful, but what about all the others? Are they working? Do they make taxpayers’ lives better? For the most part, we simply do not know and have the analytics to back it up. 
According to two former Office of 
Management and Budget Directors— OMB Directors—Mr. Jim Nussle and Mr. Peter Orszag, less than 1 percent of Federal spending is based on such evi-dence. 
The first step in ensuring evidence- 
based policy is to understand what data the Federal Government already has. From there, we can make an in-formed plan on how to protect the data while ensuring greater access for deci-sionmakers and a more informed pub-lic. 
I want to thank Chairman P
AUL 
RYAN for his work to give policy-
makers and the taxpayer access to the data needed to improve program re-sults. 
Senator P
ATTY MURRAY has intro-
duced the companion bill in the United States Senate, and President Obama has called for an emphasis on evidence- based policies in his budget as well. 
I want to thank, again, Chairman 
R
YAN for his leadership and work on 
the bill, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1831. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The Evidence-Based Policymaking 
Commission Act was introduced in the House by Representative P
AUL RYAN 
and in the Senate by Senator P ATTY  
MURRAY on April 16, 2015. The Com-
mittee on Oversight and Government Reform ordered the bill reported by voice vote on May 19, 2015. 
The bill, as amended, will create a 15- 
member commission to study ways to improve the use of administrative data on Federal programs and tax expendi-tures. The commission would also con-sider whether to establish a clearing-house for information collected by Fed-eral agencies. 
Federal agencies collect a large 
amount of data on existing programs, and they are also the beneficiaries of those programs. Too often, however, Federal agencies do not share data with other agencies or with private re-searchers in a way that can help deter-mine what is working and what is not. 
The administration called for greater 
use of evidence to improve Federal pro-grams, especially in the areas of edu-cation, health, and international devel-opment programs. The authors of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:17 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.005 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5488 July 27, 2015 
bill have worked with the administra-
tion in drafting this legislation. 
In examining ways to better use ad-
ministrative data, it is critical to en-sure that the privacy of individuals continues to be protected. That is why the members of this commission would be required to have expertise not only in economics and statistics, but also in data security and confidentiality. 
This bill is supported by a wide range 
of private sector organizations, from The Heritage Foundation to the Urban Institute. 
I believe an evidence-based policy-
making commission would help us im-prove the way the Federal Government works. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I wanted to highlight 
the President’s budget, on page 65, 
where it says: ‘‘The Budget also em-braces Representative P
AUL RYAN and 
Senator P ATTY MURRAY ’s proposal to 
create a commission that would make recommendations about how to fully realize the potential of administrative data to improve Federal programs. The proposal exemplifies the high-level and bipartisan momentum for doing more to tap this important resource.’’ 
It is important that we come to-
gether. In this case, I want to thank members on both sides of the aisle, there in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. 
I am somewhat resistant to creating 
another commission or board; it seems like we have an awful lot of these, but here, we see some good thinking in a bipartisan way with some support from not only the House of Representatives and the United States Senate, but also the President of the United States. 
I see fit to pass this out of our com-
mittee. It sailed through, and I believe that it is a good bill and would urge our Members to vote ‘‘aye’’ in favor of this piece of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I want to state that being a Member 
of Congress, a freshman, that it is re-freshing to be able to stand here today on a bipartisan bill and be supportive. 
I do want the R
ECORD to reflect that 
the bill would require the President and four congressional leaders to each appoint three commission members. One of the President’s appointees will be the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget or a designee. 
Some members would have to have 
experience as academic researchers, data experts, or program administra-tors. Other members would be required to have experience with database man-agement confidentiality and privacy matters. Individuals with expertise in economics, statistics, program, and evaluation will also be considered. 
It is important that we understand 
that there are currently so many of our agencies that are collecting data and 
that now we have understood and in the spirit of being efficient and being progressive in our government, that this commission will satisfy that. 
I am very much in support of this 
and urge my colleagues, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, I appreciate the gentle-
woman’s comments and agree that this is a place where we can come together and work together. 
This 15-member commission would be 
directed to determine the best struc-ture for information that is collected and maintained by Federal agencies. 
One of the things that we will all 
have to be cognizant about is not only making this information available to congressional researchers and people at the GAO or OMB, but also making sure that the public has access to this infor-mation for they are, ultimately, the ones that have paid for it, and they should be able to consume it. 
In this data-driven age, we should be 
able to find new methods, whether it is some new app or some other new way to collectively bring this information and have that information that is then passed on and accessible by the public. 
I also look forward to Congress re-
ceiving the recommendations and would highlight one of the things that I think is good about the structure of this bill is that it expires 18 months after its enactment, so there is a built- in exit here. This does not continue on in perpetuity. It is something that has an expiration date, which we should probably look at on a more frequent basis. 
Again, I would urge my colleagues to 
vote in favor of H.R. 1831. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I just 
want to say a few words about what we’re try-ing to do here. 
We’re trying to change the mindset in 
Washington. 
Right now, when we’re making policy, we 
focus on inputs . . . on effort—like how much money we’re spending, how many people we’re serving, how many programs we’re cre-
ating. 
What we need to do is focus on outcomes 
. . . on results—like how many people we’re getting out of poverty. 
Creating this commission is the first step in 
a long-term effort. 
We’re going to bring together the best 
minds on data collection and figure out how we can up our game. 
Let’s use the data we’re already collecting 
to improve how government works. 
How can we use data to evaluate policy? How can we protect people’s privacy? How can we get the best results for the 
American people? 
If we do this right, we’ll stop having debates 
over what’s Republican and what’s Democrat . . . or what’s liberal and conservativ e...  
And we’ll start having debates over what 
works and what doesn’t work. 
Those are the kinds of debates we need to 
have. So I urge all my colleagues to support his bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1831, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1530 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 61) amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
The Clerk read the title of the joint 
resolution. 
The text of the joint resolution is as 
follows: 
H.J. R ES. 61 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This joint resolution may be cited as the 
‘‘Hire More Heroes Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EMPLOYEES WITH HEALTH COVERAGE 
UNDER TRICARE OR THE VETERANS ADMINISTRATION NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN DETERMINING EM-PLOYERS TO WHICH THE EMPLOYER MANDATE APPLIES UNDER PATIENT PROTECTION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4980H(c)(2) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) E
XEMPTION FOR HEALTH COVERAGE  
UNDER TRICARE OR THE VETERANS ADMINISTRA -
TION.—Solely for purposes of determining 
whether an employer is an applicable large employer under this paragraph for any month, an individual shall not be taken into account as an employee for such month if such individual has medical coverage for such month under— 
‘‘(i) chapter 55 of title 10, United States 
Code, including coverage under the TRICARE program, or 
‘‘(ii) under a health care program under 
chapter 17 or 18 of title 38, United States Code, as determined by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2013. 
SEC. 3. BUDGETARY EFFECTS; STATUTORY PAY- 
AS-YOU-GO (PAYGO) SCORECARDS. 
The budgetary effects of this joint resolu-
tion shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(d)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) and the gen-
tleman from Michigan (Mr. L EVIN) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.020 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5489 July 27, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.J. Res. 61 currently under consid-eration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS), the 
author of this legislation, for the pur-poses of explaining what it does. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of my bill, the Hire More Heroes Act. 
This commonsense legislation will 
help small businesses hire more of our veterans by exempting veterans who are already receiving health care through the DOD or the VA from being counted towards the 50-employee limit for the employer mandate under the Affordable Care Act. 
On opening day, the House passed 
H.R. 22, the Hire More Heroes Act, by an overwhelming bipartisan vote of 412–0. 
I especially want to thank my col-
league from Hawaii, T
ULSI GABBARD , 
for working together on this issue. And I also want to take this time, Mr. Speaker, to thank Chairman P
AUL 
RYAN and his entire Ways and Means 
Committee for ensuring that this very important issue is addressed in this Congress. 
In order to maximize the chances for 
this important legislation to be imple-mented into law this session, we are again considering the Hire More Heroes Act, which I reintroduced last week as H.J. Res. 61. 
H.J. Res. 61 is an example of how 
Washington is supposed to work. I say this because this idea didn’t come from Washington. It came from a member of my Veterans Advisory Board in Madi-son County, Illinois. 
After explaining ObamaCare to vet-
erans throughout southwestern Illinois and how it impacts their VA benefits, this advisory board member, Brad Lavite, began wondering why they were subject to the employer mandate if they were not even in need of health insurance coverage. 
His concern was raised with me at 
one of my Veterans Advisory Board meetings, and shortly thereafter we began work on this Hire More Heroes Act. 
This bill will help small businesses, 
those with less than 50 employees, hire more of our Nation’s veterans by mak-ing a commonsense change to ObamaCare. 
We continue to see this law’s lin-
gering impact on our economy, as many small businesses delay hiring, cut hours and, in some cases, reduce payroll. In fact, the National Small Business 
Association found that 91 percent of small businesses have seen increases in their healthcare costs, and two-thirds of their members listed the Affordable Care Act as a reason for holding off on investing in people. 
Mr. Speaker, when a small business 
invests in people, that is how America creates jobs. 
In my home State of Illinois, it is es-
timated this year that Affordable Care Act premium increases will rise as much as 30 percent. 
By making this commonsense change 
to the law, we will not only help pro-vide small businesses much-needed re-lief, but also—the main goal—help vet-erans, our heroes, find more work. 
Despite receiving some of the best 
training in the world, post-9/11 vet-erans are consistently faced with high-er unemployment rates than that of other veterans. 
So as more and more of our veterans 
return home, the Hire More Heroes Act will give these veterans a boost in this very competitive job market. 
Again, Mr. Speaker, this bill passed 
earlier this year 412–0. I am asking all of my colleagues to support this com-monsense, bipartisan policy that will help American businesses hire more of our heroes. 
Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank 
Chairman R
YAN. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in active support of this bill. It 
encourages veteran employment as well as the growth of mid-sized busi-nesses. 
The unemployment rate for veterans 
of recent times has gone down, but it still remains too high. That is espe-cially true for those women who have served in our armed services. 
As I talk to veterans at home, the 
challenge they face continues in terms of employment. In Macomb County, for example, there is a particularly active part of the Vietnam veterans. 
That post works day and night to try 
to get employment for their member-ship, but there remains a major chal-lenge. This bill will help. 
This bill continues to be part of our 
national commitment to help the vet-erans who have served this Nation and who deserve the chance as they return to find full-time employment. 
So let’s all of us, as we did before, 
vote unanimously for this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I, too, want to echo the sentiment 
here, which is this is just a no-brainer. What I particularly like about this bill is this is just the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) doing his job 
as a Member of Congress, getting a very constructive idea from a con-stituent veteran who pointed out a flaw in the law so he went and spoke to his Member of Congress. 
His Member of Congress looked at 
the law, saw that it needed to be changed, and here we are making this 
change. 
This is democracy. This is how this 
Republic is supposed to work. So I am very pleased to see that we are here doing this on a bipartisan basis. 
I was, unfortunately, unavoidably de-
tained for the last bill. I wanted to make just a couple of points on the last suspension that just passed that the gentleman from Utah (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ) 
brought to the floor, H.R. 1831, Evi-dence-Based Policymaking Commission Act of 2015. 
Right now we spend so much of our 
time here in Congress and in the Fed-eral Government focusing on meas-uring success of our policies based on measuring inputs, not outcomes, how many programs are we creating, how much money are we spending, not are these programs working or not. 
So we have bipartisan legislation 
that just passed to create a commis-sion to take a look at the data that we already collect and see if we can give access to academics and use this data more effectively so we can better meas-ure outcomes of our policies. 
We want to make sure that we can 
use our data to evaluate better policy. We want to make sure that we do it in a way that ensures people’s privacy. 
But we want to move the kind of de-
bate we have been having here from liberal versus conservative or Repub-lican versus Democrat to what works and what doesn’t work. 
Nowhere is this more crucial than in 
our efforts to fight poverty, to try to make a difference, to move people from being dependent, from being stuck in poverty, from being frozen in their cur-rent station of life, to reigniting the notion of upward mobility and more successfully targeting and going at the root cause of poverty so that we can actually have programs that are meas-ured based on success and outcomes, which is, are we actually getting peo-ple out of poverty. 
The purpose of the bill that just 
passed is to reorient our entire way of looking at things so that we can focus on these outcomes. So I just wanted to lend my statement on that. 
I want to congratulate the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) for 
bringing this issue with our veterans to our attention. I urge adoption. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
EN-
KINS), a member of the Ways and Means 
Committee. 
Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. I thank the 
chairman. And I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) for 
his leadership on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to come to 
the floor today again as a supporter of the Hire More Heroes Act. This bill is as commonsense as they come. It ex-empts our heroes, those veterans and Active-Duty military from counting towards the President’s employer man-date penalty tax. 
These veterans and Active-Duty mili-
tary already receive health insurance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.024 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5490 July 27, 2015 
through the VA and TRICARE. So re-
quiring these employers to provide them with health insurance is redun-dant and could also have the unin-tended effect of discouraging employ-ers from hiring these folks. 
This part of the President’s 
healthcare law is clearly not drafted in a thoughtful manner. 
I urge my colleagues again today to 
vote in favor of this bill that would eliminate the unnecessary confusion and encourage businesses to hire more heroes. 
Finally, I urge the Senate to pass 
this legislation so that it can finally get to the President’s desk. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OD-
NEYDAVIS) for the purpose of closing. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. I 
again thank the chairman. 
Thank you to Ranking Member 
LEVIN and all of my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle for looking at this very important issue, this correction that needed to be made so that our vet-erans get the opportunities they de-serve. 
I would like to thank my colleague 
from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ) for coming 
to the floor today to talk about how important this issue is. 
I urge all of my colleagues to listen 
to everybody on the floor today and the bipartisan consensus to, once again, pass this commonsense piece of legislation. 
I also want to thank the veterans 
that I have the honor to serve in Illi-nois. This idea came from one of them, a constituent who saw the flaw. 
Now we have the chance to, once 
again, correct it. I hope this bill can get to the President’s desk. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the joint resolution, H.J. Res. 61. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the joint res-olution was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1545 
NEED-BASED EDUCATIONAL AID 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1482) to improve and reauthor-ize provisions relating to the applica-tion of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1482 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Need-Based 
Educational Aid Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION RELATING TO THE APPLICA-
TION OF THE ANTRITRUST LAWS TO THE AWARD OF NEED-BASED EDU-CATIONAL AID. 
Section 568 of the Improving America’s 
Schools Act of 1994 (15 U.S.C. 1 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and 
inserting a period at the end; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (4); and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2015’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2022’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. J OHNSON ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
S. 1482, the Need-Based Educational 
Aid Act of 2015, continues an antitrust exemption that is set to expire on Sep-tember 30, 2015. The exemption allows participating colleges and universities to collaborate on a set of criteria to de-termine applicants’ needs for private financial aid. 
To be clear, this exemption does not 
apply to Federal financial aid, only to aid directly provided by the partici-pating colleges and universities. 
The Antitrust Modernization Com-
mission generally cautioned against antitrust exemptions and rec-ommended that Congress closely exam-ine any proposed antitrust immunities. 
The antitrust exemption continued 
by S. 1482 has been in place since 1992. Over the past 23 years, Congress has ex-tended the antitrust exemption on four separate occasions, each time with broad, bipartisan support. 
Additionally, the Government Ac-
countability Office conducted a study to determine whether the exemption adversely impacted the affordability of college and concluded that it did not. 
While S. 1482 continues the existing 
antitrust exemption, it also narrows it in recognition of the fact that one of the practices allowed by that exemp-tion has not been utilized by partici-pating colleges and universities. Ac-cordingly, the legislation limits the scope of antitrust exemption to those activities that colleges and univer-sities truly need and use. 
Given the lengthy legislative record, 
the narrowed scope of the exemption, the GAO study on the effects of the bill, and the 7-year sunset included in 
the bill, I believe that S. 1482 proposes a safe extension of a reasonable and worthwhile antitrust exemption. 
I thank the former chairman of the 
Judiciary Committee, Congressman S
MITH, for introducing the House 
version of this legislation, H.R. 2604, which the Judiciary Committee or-dered favorably reported without amendment. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, S. 1482, the Need-Based 
Educational Aid Act of 2015, would ex-tend an exemption to the Federal anti-trust laws that permits some of our Na-tion’s most prestigious colleges and universities to agree to admit students on a need-blind basis and award finan-cial aid to students with the most dem-onstrated need. 
I am pleased to serve as the lead 
Democratic cosponsor of the House companion to this bipartisan legisla-tion. S. 1482 allows colleges and univer-sities that admit students on a need- blind basis to collaborate on the for-mula they use to determine how much families can pay for college. 
This exemption was first enacted in 
1992, and since then, Congress has reau-thorized it four times without opposi-tion, most recently in 2008. 
In addition to allowing collaboration 
on a common formula for calculating an applicant’s ability to pay for col-lege, the exemption also allows aca-
demic institutions to agree to award aid only on the basis of financial need. 
In other words, this exemption en-
sures that the most qualified students may attend some of our Nation’s most prestigious schools, regardless of fam-ily income. This is especially impor-tant for low-income students, who should not be forced to choose between academic institutions on the basis of financial need or financial aid alone. 
While I think we could do more to 
empower students through better fund-ing of higher education, this legislation is critical to preserving a level playing field for students at these institutions through a need-blind admissions proc-ess. 
The 568 Presidents’ Group, a coali-
tion of 23 prestigious colleges and uni-versities that support need-based finan-cial aid, strongly supports this bill. 
In a letter sent to the Judiciary Com-
mittee earlier this year, the 568 Presi-dents’ Group stated that the exemption allows institutions to maximize the al-location of financial aid to ‘‘ensure that those funds are targeted to benefit the students with the greatest finan-cial need and to reduce or, in some cases, eliminate debt loads on gradua-tion.’’ 
Similarly, the presidents of Duke and 
Cornell have written in support of this legislation, stating that the exemption ‘‘makes a real difference for our stu-dents’’ and is essential to developing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.025 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5491 July 27, 2015 
the ‘‘best practices to calculate insti-
tutional aid awards.’’ 
We should move quickly to adopt this 
legislation and ensure that this impor-tant exemption does not expire. 
In closing, I thank my colleague Con-
gressman L
AMAR SMITH, the former 
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, for his steadfast leadership on this bill since the 105th Congress and during this Congress. 
I also thank my Senate colleagues, 
Senate Judiciary Chairman L
EAHY and 
Ranking Member G RASSLEY , for their 
leadership on the bill. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
S. 1482, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), 
the chairman of the Science Com-mittee, the former chairman of the Ju-diciary Committee, and the chief spon-sor of the House version of this legisla-tion. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, let 
me thank my friend from Virginia, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, B
OBGOODLATTE , for yielding me time 
and also for bringing this bill to the House floor. 
I support S. 1482, the Need-Based 
Educational Aid Act. As the author of 
the identical House bill, I am pleased that we are considering it today. 
The Need-Based Educational Aid Act 
extends the current antitrust exemp-tions set to expire on September 30 for another 7 years. It allows a limited number of private universities that admit students on need-blind basis to award financial aid from the schools’ own funds, based entirely on students’ demonstrated financial need. 
This bill authorizes these institu-
tions of higher education to use com-mon principles to assess students’ fi-nancial need, and it allows the schools to use a common financial aid applica-tion form. 
It also permits multiple schools that 
have accepted the same student to award the same assistance. This en-sures that the student selects the col-lege that is the best fit, rather than the school that offered the most finan-cial aid. 
This issue has long been of interest 
to me personally, having worked on three previous extensions. Common treatment of this narrow category of educational aid makes sense. A Gov-ernment Accountability Office study previously found that there has been no abuse of the antitrust exemption and that tuition has not gone up as a result. 
The Need-Based Educational Aid Act 
helps ensure that financial aid is avail-able to students solely on the basis of demonstrated need. Students who oth-erwise qualify should not be denied the opportunity to access higher education due to limited financial means. S. 1482 protects this need-based aid and need- blind admissions. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
the gentleman from Georgia, H
ANK JOHNSON , a member of the Judiciary 
Committee, for being the original co-author of the identical House bill and for his leadership on this particular issue. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Need-Based Educational Aid Act. 
Again, I thank the chairman of the 
Judiciary Committee for bringing it to the House floor. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would, at this time, like to thank 
my chairman, B
OBGOODLATTE , of the 
Judiciary Committee, for his expedi-tious bringing of this legislation to the committee and now to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Georgia; the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH); the ranking member, Mr. 
CONYERS ; and others for this very bi-
partisan legislation. 
I urge my colleagues to support it, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, S. 1482. 
The question was taken. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SECRET SERVICE IMPROVEMENTS 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1656) to provide for additional resources for the Secret Service, and to improve protections for restricted areas, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1656 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Secret Serv-
ice Improvements Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PRESIDENTIAL APPOINTMENT OF DIREC-
TOR OF THE SECRET SERVICE. 
Section 3056 of title 18, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end: 
‘‘(h) The Director of the Secret Service 
shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. The Director of the Secret Service is the head of the Secret Service.’’. 
SEC. 3. RESTRICTED BUILDING OR GROUNDS. 
Section 1752(a) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; (2) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) knowingly, and with the intent to 
enter a restricted building or grounds, causes any object to enter any restricted building or grounds, when, or so that, such object, in fact, impedes or disrupts the orderly conduct of government business or official func-tions;’’. 
SEC. 4. THREATS AGAINST FORMER VICE PRESI-
DENTS. 
Section 879(a)(4) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 3056(a)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (6) or (8) of section 3056(a)’’. 
SEC. 5. INCREASED TRAINING. 
Beginning in the first full fiscal year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Secret Service shall increase the annual number of hours spent training by of-ficers and agents of the Secret Service, in-cluding officers of the United States Secret Service Uniformed Division established under section 3056A of title 18, United States Code and agents operating pursuant to sec-tion 3056 of title 18, United States Code, in-cluding joint training between the two. 
SEC. 6. TRAINING FACILITIES. 
The Director of the Secret Service is au-
thorized to construct facilities at the Rowley Training Center necessary to improve the training of officers of the United States Se-cret Service Uniformed Division established under section 3056A of title 18, United States Code and agents of the United States Secret Service, operating pursuant to section 3056 of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 7. HIRING OF ADDITIONAL OFFICERS AND 
AGENTS. 
The Director of the Secret Service is au-
thorized to hire not fewer than— 
(1) 200 additional officers for the United 
States Secret Service Uniformed Division es-tablished under section 3056A of title 18, United States Code; and 
(2) 85 additional agents for the United 
States Secret Service Presidential Protec-tive Detail, operating pursuant to section 3056 of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 8. EVALUATION OF VULNERABILITIES AND 
THREATS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Se-
cret Service shall devise and adopt improved procedures for evaluating vulnerabilities in the security of the White House and threats to persons protected by the Secret Service, including threats posed by unmanned aerial systems or explosive devices. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Secret Service shall report on the implementation of subsection (a) to— 
(1) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; 
(2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(3) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(4) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(5) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-
ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 9. EVALUATION OF USE OF TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Se-
cret Service, in consultation with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology of the Department of Homeland Security, and other experts, shall devise and adopt improved pro-cedures for— 
(1) evaluating the ways in which tech-
nology may be used to improve the security of the White House and the response to threats to persons protected by the Secret Service; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.028 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5492 July 27, 2015 
(2) retaining evidence pertaining to the du-
ties referred to in paragraph (1) for an ex-tended period of time. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Secret Service shall report on the implementation of subsection (a) to— 
(1) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives; 
(2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
Senate; 
(3) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(4) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(5) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-
ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives. 
SEC. 10. EVALUATION OF USE OF ADDITIONAL 
WEAPONRY. 
The Director of the Secret Service shall 
evaluate the practicability of equipping agents and officers with weapons other than those provided to officers and agents of the Secret Service as of the date of enactment of this Act, including nonlethal weapons. 
SEC. 11. SECURITY COSTS FOR SECONDARY RESI-
DENCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Presidential Protec-
tion Assistance Act of 1976 (18 U.S.C. 3056 note) is amended by striking section 4 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4. NOTIFICATION REGARDING EXPENDI-
TURES ON NON-GOVERNMENTAL PROPERTIES. 
‘‘The Secret Service shall notify the Com-
mittees on Appropriations of the House and Senate of any expenditures for permanent fa-cilities, equipment, and services to secure any non-Governmental property in addition to the one non-Governmental property des-ignated by each protectee under subsection (a) or (b) of section 3.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Presi-
dential Protection Assistance Act of 1976 (18 U.S.C. 3056 note), as amended by this Act, is further amended— 
(1) in section 3(b), by striking ‘‘any expend-
itures by the Secret Service’’ and all that follows through ‘‘imposed under section 4’’ and inserting ‘‘any expenditures by the Se-cret Service for permanent facilities, equip-ment, and services to secure the non-Govern-mental property previously designated under subsection (a) are subject to the require-ments set forth in section 4’’; and 
(2) in section 5(c), by striking ‘‘within the 
limitations imposed under section 4’’. 
SEC. 12. ESTABLISHMENT OF ETHICS PROGRAM 
OFFICE. 
Subject to the oversight of the Office of 
Chief Counsel of the United States Secret Service, the Director of the Secret Service shall establish an Ethics Program Office, consisting of a minimum of 2 employees, to administer the provisions of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, as amended, and to provide increased training to employees of the United States Secret Service. 
SEC. 13. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that an assess-
ment made by the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Director of the Secret Serv-ice with regard to physical security of the White House and attendant grounds, and any security-related enhancements thereto should be accorded substantial deference by the National Capital Planning Commission, the Commission of Fine Arts, and any other relevant entities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gen-
tleman from Georgia (Mr. J OHNSON ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on the bill currently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, the Secret Service has 
two primary missions: criminal inves-tigations and protection of the Presi-dent, Vice President, and other dig-nitaries. As a result, the Secret Service is entrusted with protecting some of our most valuable assets. This is an ex-tremely difficult, high-profile mission, in an environment with zero margin for error. 
The Secret Service is comprised of 
many outstanding and upstanding men and women who do excellent work; however, over the last few years, a se-ries of embarrassing scandals, security failures, and instances of poor judg-ment have rocked the Secret Service. These incidents range from agents’ use of prostitutes while on official travel to Colombia; to an incident in the Netherlands involving intoxicated agents; to the agency’s failure to ini-tially apprehend fence jumper Omar Gonzalez, who was later arrested inside the White House. 
Following these incidents, the Presi-
dent appointed a new director of the Secret Service, Joseph Clancy, who has implemented a number of reforms. The President also appointed a panel of ex-perts to recommend changes to the Se-cret Service. Through this committee’s oversight and the recommendations of the panel, it is clear that, despite Di-rector Clancy’s initiatives, legislative action is still necessary. 
We must ensure that the agency’s of-
ficers and agents are properly trained in order to successfully identify poten-tial threats and prevent them from ma-terializing, as well as to ensure that the agency has the tools it needs to carry out its mission. 
H.R. 1656, the Secret Service Im-
provements Act of 2015, is bipartisan legislation introduced to provide much-needed resources to the agency and implement many of the U.S. Secret Service Protective Mission Panel’s rec-ommendations for improvements for the agency. I am pleased to have worked on this legislation with Judici-ary Committee Ranking Member C
ON-
YERS , Crime Subcommittee Chairman 
SENSENBRENNER , and Ranking Member 
JACKSON LEE. 
This bill makes much-needed im-
provements to the Secret Service. These improvements strengthen the se-curity of the President, other protectees, and the White House com-plex; enhance Secret Service officers’ and agents’ training; and increase the agency’s manpower. This legislation also improves trans-
parency and accountability within the agency by requiring Senate confirma-tion of the Director of the Secret Serv-ice. The person entrusted to not only protect the President, but to also head a $1.5 billion Federal law enforcement agency, should be subject to the same process of advice and consent of the Senate as his counterparts at other comparable agencies. 
Finally, this legislation creates an 
ethics office within the office of the general counsel in order to respond to rectify and help prevent misconduct at the agency. 
The resources and improvements pro-
vided by this legislation will help to re-form the Secret Service and to restore the trust that Congress, the President, and the American people must have in the vital tasks that the Secret Service carries out every single day. 
This bill passed unanimously from 
the Judiciary Committee, and I urge my House colleagues to join me in sup-port of the legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1600 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 1656, the Secret Service Im-
provements Act, will assist the Secret Service with its critical mission of pro-tecting the President and Vice Presi-dent and other dignitaries as well as with its investigative role in pro-tecting our Nation’s financial infra-structure against criminal threats. 
This important bill was introduced 
by the bipartisan leadership of the Ju-diciary Committee: Chairman B
OB 
GOODLATTE , Ranking Member J OHN 
CONYERS , Crime Subcommittee Chair-
man J IMSENSENBRENNER , and Crime 
Subcommittee Ranking Member S HEI-
LAJACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 1656 was developed to address 
shortcomings related to the Secret Service that have come to light in re-cent years. 
Unfortunately, the image of this once 
revered agency has been tarnished both because of the misbehavior of agents and of the performance issues that have resulted in security lapses. Last fall, the Judiciary Committee held an important oversight hearing to review the operation of this vitally important agency. 
Then-Acting Director Joseph Clancy, 
who has since taken on the job on a more permanent basis, came before the committee to discuss the mission of the agency and issues relating to re-cent lapses in security that could have jeopardized the individuals the agency is sworn to protect. In particular, the committee engaged in a frank discus-sion about the unacceptable incident last September in which a man was able to jump over the White House’s fence, run past Secret Service officers, and enter the White House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.008 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5493 July 27, 2015 
We learned that, while there were 
performance errors made by some of the officers that day, the protective mission of the Secret Service has been jeopardized largely because the agency has been allowed to fall into a state of disrepair. Personnel levels are unac-ceptably low; the long hours on duty leave little time for training; equip-ment and technological systems are not upgraded or integrated sufficiently; and the culture of the agency has suf-fered from poor leadership. 
These conclusions were confirmed 
and expanded upon by the review panel established by Department of Home-land Security Secretary Jeh Johnson in the wake of the White House’s intru-sion last year. H.R. 1656 was introduced to address several categories of these challenges to the mission of the Secret Service: leadership, resources, train-ing, authorities, and personal conduct: 
With respect to leadership, the bill 
requires the position of Director of the Secret Service to be confirmed by the Senate after the Presidential nomina-tion; 
With respect to resources, the bill au-
thorizes the hiring of additional per-sonnel and requires a review of the agency’s use of technology, an area of concern based on past security lapses; 
With respect to training, the bill re-
quires more training for agents and Uniformed Division officers, and it also authorizes the construction of better training facilities; 
With respect to authorities, the bill 
allows the agency to investigate threats against former Vice Presidents in the same way it investigates threats against former Presidents; 
With respect to personal conduct, the 
bill establishes an Ethics Program Of-fice that will emphasize the need for agency personnel to conduct them-selves according to established ethical standards. 
The goal of this bill is to prevent fu-
ture security lapses similar to what the agency has experienced in recent years and to protect against even more sophisticated threats that could result in far more harm. 
This is a strong, bipartisan bill that, 
I hope, will soon become law. There-fore, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I cer-
tainly appreciate my good friend from Georgia for yielding to me to speak on this Secret Service reform bill and on the work of the chairman of the com-mittee, Mr. G
OODLATTE from Virginia, 
on this bill. 
Our Oversight and Government Re-
form Committee held several hearings on Secret Service reform, and much of the content, I am pleased to say, is re-flected in H.R. 1656. There, of course, have been an increasing number of fence jumpers in recent years, but it 
took a stunning penetration to the very interior of the White House by Omar Gonzalez last year to make it clear that the reform of the Secret Service was urgent. 
At hearings, we learned that there 
had never been—not once—a top-to- bottom review of the Secret Service in its more than 100 years of existence. This was, clearly, urgently needed; so Secretary Jeh Johnson appointed the first independent review panel. What it found was, across the board, weakness and flaws in the United States Secret Service. 
Although its mission has expanded 
greatly over the years, today, the Se-cret Service simply does not reflect the post-9/11 experience, much less that of today’s ISIL and domestic terrorism. The fence jumpers had already shown that the Secret Service could not be expected to meet its zero failure mis-sion. 
Today’s bill shows that Congress 
takes the reform of the Secret Service very seriously. The funding, which is usually missing from such reform these days, is authorized, and the bill adopts much of the independent review’s rec-ommendations: 
Instead of blaming overworked uni-
formed Secret Service and agents who have been working 6 and 7 days a week for 12 hours a day because of no addi-tional personnel, the bill authorizes the addition of 80 agents and 200 Uni-formed Division personnel, which is virtually what the independent review panel recommended; 
The bill increases the number of 
hours of training to meet the Secret Service’s expanded mission; 
It faces the need to make greater use 
of technology, and it even takes note of a post-fence jumper phenomenon, the unmanned drones that have become a new form of fence jumping. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield the gentlewoman an addi-tional 1 minute. 
Ms. NORTON. I appreciate that. Mr. Speaker, the space in front of the 
White House is a First Amendment park. I was invited down to a com-memoration by citizens, who come every Monday to urge the reform of our gun laws. 
To respond to fence jumping, some 
had talked of making it difficult for the public to come to that space in front of Pennsylvania Avenue. At hear-ings, I was assured that that was not necessary; and this bill backs that up. Spikes have been added for the fence jumpers, making it difficult to jump over, but Mr. Speaker, I was pleased to see today that the public continues to use Pennsylvania Avenue as the First Amendment space it has always been. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, 
again, I thank the gentleman from Georgia and the ranking member of the committee, Mr. C
ONYERS , as well as Mr. S ENSENBRENNER and the ranking 
member of the subcommittee, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in strong support of H.R. 1656, the ‘‘Se-cret Service Improvements Act of 2015.’’ 
The ‘‘Secret Service Improvements Act,’’ is 
important because it will provide vital re-sources and strengthen protections of this im-portant agency. 
The Secret Service agency is one of the 
most elite law enforcement organizations in the world and has earned this reputation by providing 140 years of unparalleled service to this nation. 
However, the Secret Service is facing a 
number of challenges, including the need for more resources, better training, better use of technology, and a better understanding of emerging threats. 
This bill addresses each of these needs. 
I am particularly pleased that Section 14 of 
this bill incorporates my amendment to create an Ethics Program Office to fully and effec-tively implement and administer the ethics laws, regulations, and policies governing Se-cret Service employees. 
In recent years, the image of this once-re-
vered agency has been tarnished—both be-cause of misbehavior of agents and perform-ance issues that resulted in security lapses. 
Much of the negative attention on the per-
sonal behavior of Secret Service agents was initially prompted by the revelations in 2012 in-volving the solicitation of prostitutes by agents of the Secret Service in Cartagena, Colombia. 
At the time, it was reported that a dozen Se-
cret Service agents engaged the services of prostitutes before a presidential visit to Colom-bia for the Summit of the Americas. 
I attended that Summit and was appalled to 
have learned of the behavior of some of the agents. 
In my capacity as Ranking Member of the 
Judiciary’s Subcommittee on Crime and Sen-ior Member of the Committee on Homeland Security, I examined the Cartagena incident, and met with then-Director Mark Sullivan to express my concern and press for strong cor-rective action. 
In fact, I have engaged in persistent over-
sight with respect to issues involving the Se-cret Service, ranging from the intrusion into the White House last year to the 2009 incident in which a couple evaded security to attend a state dinner at the White House honoring the Prime Minister of India. 
I have met with Directors of the Secret 
Service on multiple occasions over the past several years to discuss and address perform-ance and misconduct issues. 
Agent misconduct of the sorts that have 
taken place in recent years is unacceptable. 
It is more than offensive—it jeopardizes the 
ability of the agency to carry out its core mis-sion. 
To address misconduct issues and ethical 
lapses by Secret Service personnel, the man-ager’s amendment includes a provision I de-veloped, in cooperation with the Secret Serv-ice, that will help elevate the issue of ethical conduct at the agency through the creation of an Ethics Program Office. 
With respect to other issues related to the 
protection provided by the Secret Service, it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:19 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.032 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5494 July 27, 2015 
clear that the agency has been operating at 
an unacceptable level of resources. 
The agency is understaffed at the agent and 
Uniform Division levels, resulting in shifts that are too long and which leave inadequate time for training. 
The agency also needs to better use state- 
of-the-art technology and communications equipment. 
All of these deficiencies contributed to the 
security breakdowns that allowed a man to climb over the White House fence, evade Se-cret Service officers while running across the White House lawn, and then run into the White House itself. 
The goal of H.R. 1656 is to prevent future 
such incidents—and to protect against even more sophisticated threats that could result in far more harm. 
This bill also would require that future direc-
tors of the Secret Service, after nomination by the President, be subject to Senate confirma-tion. 
The current Director, Joseph Clancy, ap-
pears to be doing a good job in reinvigorating that agency, and we do not propose this as a criticism of him, or the President’s selection of him, in any way. 
However, this position—as is the case with 
the directors of the other law enforcement components of the Department of Homeland Security—should be Senate-confirmed, rein-forcing the need to appoint the most highly- qualified candidates and elevating the position in stature. 
With the consideration of this legislation 
today, we recognize that it is unfortunately the case that the Secret Service has recently failed to live up to its high standards with re-spect to the protection it provides our Presi-dent and others. 
By adopting the ‘‘Secret Service Improve-
ments Act,’’ we can help restore the agency so that it will be better prepared to achieve its mission. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1656, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
BORDER SECURITY TECHNOLOGY 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I move 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1634) to strengthen account-ability for deployment of border secu-rity technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1634 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Border Secu-
rity Technology Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. BORDER SECURITY TECHNOLOGY AC-
COUNTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 434. BORDER SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PRO-
GRAM MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) P LANNING DOCUMENTATION .—For each 
border security technology acquisition pro-gram of the Department that is determined to be a major acquisition program, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that each such program has a 
written acquisition program baseline ap-proved by the relevant acquisition decision authority; 
‘‘(2) document that each such program is 
meeting cost, schedule, and performance thresholds as specified in such baseline, in compliance with relevant departmental ac-quisition policies and the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation; and 
‘‘(3) have a plan for meeting program im-
plementation objectives by managing con-tractor performance. 
‘‘(b) A
DHERENCE TO STANDARDS .—The Sec-
retary, acting through the Under Secretary for Management and the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, shall ensure border security technology acquisi-tion program managers who are responsible for carrying out this section adhere to rel-evant internal control standards identified by the Comptroller General of the United States. The Commissioner shall provide in-formation, as needed, to assist the Under Secretary in monitoring proper program management of border security technology acquisition programs under this section. 
‘‘(c) P
LAN.—The Secretary, acting through 
the Under Secretary for Management, in co-ordination with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a plan for testing and evaluation, as well as the use of independent verification and validation resources, for border security technology so that new bor-der security technologies are evaluated through a series of assessments, processes, and audits to ensure compliance with rel-evant departmental acquisition policies and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, as well as the effectiveness of taxpayer dollars. 
‘‘(d) M
AJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘major ac-
quisition program’ means a Department ac-quisition program that is estimated by the Secretary to require an eventual total ex-penditure of at least $300,000,000 (based on fiscal year 2015 constant dollars) over its life cycle cost.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 433 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 434. Border security technology pro-
gram management.’’. 
SEC. 3. PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL AUTHOR-
IZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. This Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such pur-poses. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. V ELA) each 
will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 1634, 
the Border Security Technology Ac-countability Act, which I introduced earlier this year. 
This bill seeks to provide the im-
proved management of border security technology projects, safeguarding tax-payer dollars and increasing account-ability for some of the Department of Homeland Security’s largest acquisi-tion programs. 
The constituents I represent in 
southern Arizona are demanding better border security, and they expect us to do it through cost-effective and effi-cient means. They know that wasting taxpayer dollars on poorly managed border technology projects does little to actually secure the border or to im-prove our strategy. That is why this bill is so important. 
The GAO has repeatedly included 
DHS acquisition management activi-ties on its high-risk list, dem-onstrating that these programs are highly susceptible to waste, fraud, abuse, or mismanagement. The Secure Border Initiative, also known as SBInet, is a prime example of acquisi-tion mismanagement at DHS. Initial plans developed in 2005 and 2006 called for the SBInet to extend across the en-tire U.S.-Mexico land border. However, SBInet deployment in my home State of Arizona was fraught with manage-ment problems, including a failure to adequately set requirements so the sys-tem would meet the needs of its users— our border patrol agents. After spend-ing nearly $1 billion of the taxpayers’ money with minimal results, DHS can-celed SBInet in 2011. 
SBInet is not the only example, as 
DHS does not seem to be learning its lesson. The Government Account-ability Office recently reported to the Committee on Homeland Security that Customs and Border Protection’s Stra-tegic Air and Marine Plan—or StAMP—initiated in 2006, with a cost of $1.8 billion to date, still does not have an approved acquisition program baseline. This means that, despite CBP’s plans to acquire boats and air-craft through 2035, they have not yet estimated how much it would cost to operate and maintain these systems. 
How can we ensure programs like 
StAMP are on time, on budget, and are fiscally sound if DHS fails to follow sound management procedures? 
We cannot afford to waste another 
minute or another dollar. We must put 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.014 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5495 July 27, 2015 
in place strong, effective technology 
programs to secure our borders. This bill requires that border security tech-nology programs at the Department have an acquisition program baseline— a critical document that lays out what a program will do, what it will cost, and when it will be completed. 
b1615 
The bill also requires programs to ad-
here to internal control standards and have a plan for testing and evaluation as well as the use of independent verifi-cation and validation resources. 
My district includes over 80 miles of 
our U.S. border with Mexico, and I have spent countless hours at the bor-der meeting with border residents and our Border Patrol. 
I know firsthand that, when our bor-
der technology project lacks the proper oversight and accountability, it is bad for the taxpayers, those who defend our border and those who live along our border. 
The Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity approved my legislation by a unanimous voice vote last month. I urge all Members to join me in sup-porting robust, responsible secure tech-nology along our border. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1634, the Border Security Technology Accountability Act of 2015. 
Over the past several years, the Gov-
ernment Accountability Office has ex-amined the various Department of Homeland Security programs and con-cluded that DHS has not followed standard best practices for acquisitions management. 
Though DHS has taken steps to im-
prove its performance, specific defi-ciencies in how the Department carries out major acquisitions remain. 
When a DHS acquisition program 
falls short in terms of effectiveness or efficiency, it not only risks under-mining that program, but also risks wasting limited Homeland Security dollars. 
For example, DHS spent hundreds of 
millions of dollars on the SBInet bor-der security program before it was ulti-mately canceled. No doubt, this fund-ing could have been put to far better use along our Nation’s border. 
The Border Security Technology Ac-
countability Act would require each of the Department’s major acquisitions for border security technology to have written documentation reflecting a baseline approved by the relevant ac-quisition decision authority and dem-onstrate that the program is meeting agreed-upon cost, schedule, and per-formance thresholds before moving into the next phase of the acquisition cycle. 
The bill also requires the Under Sec-
retary for Management, in coordina-tion with the Commissioner of Customs and Border Protection, to submit to Congress a plan for testing and evalua-tion as well as the use of independent 
verification and validation resources for border security technology. 
There is need for improving acquisi-
tions management at the Department of Homeland Security as a whole, and addressing border security technology acquisitions is an important step. We owe it to the American taxpayers to make sure we are managing these in-vestments wisely and preventing wasteful spending. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1634 aims to focus 
and improve the way we invest in and manage border security technology by providing a specific framework for ac-countability and oversight on behalf of the American taxpayer. 
I thank Congresswoman M
CSALLY for 
her leadership in bringing this bill for-ward, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank my colleague, Mr. 
VELA, for his support and all of my col-
leagues on our committee for support for this bill. 
I once again urge my colleagues to 
support transparency, accountability, and efficiency of vital border security technology projects. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1634, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PRECLEARANCE AUTHORIZATION 
ACT OF 2015 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 998) to establish the conditions under which the Sec-retary of Homeland Security may es-tablish preclearance facilities, conduct preclearance operations, and provide customs services outside the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 998 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the 
‘‘Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘appropriate congres-
sional committees’’ means the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate. 
SEC. 3. ESTABLISHMENT OF PRECLEARANCE OP-
ERATIONS. 
Pursuant to section 1629 of title 19, United 
States Code, and subject to section 5, the Secretary of Homeland Security may estab-
lish U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations in a foreign country to— 
(1) prevent terrorists, instruments of ter-
rorism, and other security threats from en-tering the United States; 
(2) prevent inadmissible persons from en-
tering the United States; 
(3) ensure merchandise destined for the 
United States complies with applicable laws; 
(4) ensure the prompt processing of persons 
eligible to travel to the United States; and 
(5) accomplish such other objectives as the 
Secretary determines necessary to protect the United States. 
SEC. 4. NOTIFICATION AND CERTIFICATION TO 
CONGRESS. 
(a) N OTIFICATION .—Not later than 180 days 
before entering into an agreement with the government of a foreign country to establish U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations in such foreign country, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide to the appropriate congres-sional committees the following: 
(1) A copy of the proposed agreement to es-
tablish such preclearance operations, includ-ing an identification of the foreign country with which U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion intends to enter into a preclearance agreement, the location at which such preclearance operations will be conducted, and the terms and conditions for U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection personnel oper-ating at the location. 
(2) An estimate of the date on which U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection intends to establish preclearance operations under such agreement. 
(3) The anticipated funding sources for 
preclearance operations under such agree-ment, and other funding sources considered. 
(4) An assessment of the impact such 
preclearance operations will have on legiti-mate trade and travel, including potential impacts on passengers traveling to the United States. 
(5) A homeland security threat assessment 
for the country in which such preclearance operations are to be established. 
(6) An assessment of the impacts such 
preclearance operations will have on U.S. Customs and Border Protection domestic port of entry staffing. 
(7) Information on potential economic, 
competitive, and job impacts on United States air carriers associated with estab-lishing such preclearance operations. 
(8) Information on the anticipated home-
land security benefits associated with estab-lishing such preclearance operations. 
(9) Information on potential security 
vulnerabilities associated with commencing such preclearance operations, and mitigation plans to address such potential security vulnerabilities. 
(10) A U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
staffing model for such preclearance oper-ations, and plans for how such positions would be filled. 
(11) Information on the anticipated costs 
over the next five fiscal years associated with commencing such preclearance oper-ations. 
(12) A copy of the agreement referred to in 
subsection (a) of section 5. 
(13) Other factors that the Secretary of 
Homeland Security determines to be nec-essary for Congress to comprehensively as-sess the appropriateness of commencing such preclearance operations. 
(b) C
ERTIFICATIONS RELATING TO  
PRECLEARANCE OPERATIONS ESTABLISHED AT  
AIRPORTS .—In the case of an airport, in addi-
tion to the notification requirements under subsection (a), not later than 90 days before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.035 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5496 July 27, 2015 
entering into an agreement with the govern-
ment of a foreign country to establish U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations at an airport in such foreign country, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide to the appropriate congres-sional committees the following: 
(1) A certification that preclearance oper-
ations under such preclearance agreement would provide homeland security benefits to the United States. 
(2) A certification that preclearance oper-
ations within such foreign country will be established under such agreement only if— 
(A) at least one United States passenger 
carrier operates at such airport; and 
(B) the access of all United States pas-
senger carriers to such preclearance oper-ations is the same as the access of any non- United States passenger carrier. 
(3) A certification that the Secretary of 
Homeland Security has considered alter-native options to preclearance operations and has determined that such options are not the most effective means of achieving the objectives specified in section 3. 
(4) A certification that the establishment 
of preclearance operations in such foreign country will not significantly increase cus-toms processing times at United States air-ports. 
(5) An explanation of other objectives that 
will be served by the establishment of preclearance operations in such foreign country. 
(6) A certification that representatives 
from U.S. Customs and Border Protection consulted publically with interested parties, including providers of commercial air service in the United States, employees of such pro-viders, security experts, and such other par-ties as the Secretary determines to be appro-priate, before entering into such an agree-ment with such foreign government. 
(7) A report detailing the basis for the cer-
tifications referred to in paragraphs (1) through (6). 
(c) M
ODIFICATION OF EXISTING AGREE -
MENTS .—Not later than 30 days before sub-
stantially modifying a preclearance agree-ment with the government of a foreign coun-try in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall provide to the appropriate congres-sional committees a copy of the proposed agreement, as modified, and the justification for such modification. 
(d) R
EMEDIATION PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. 
Customs and Border Protection shall month-ly measure the average customs processing time to enter the 25 United States airports that support the highest volume of inter-national travel (as determined by available Federal passenger data) and provide to the appropriate congressional committees such measurements. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT .—Based on the measure-
ments described in paragraph (1), the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection shall quarterly assess whether the average customs processing time referred to in such paragraph significantly exceeds the average customs processing time to enter the United States through a preclearance op-eration. 
(3) S
UBMISSION .—Based on the assessment 
conducted under paragraph (2), if the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection determines that the average customs processing time referred to in paragraph (1) significantly exceeds the average customs processing time to enter the United States through a preclearance operation described in paragraph (2), the Commissioner shall, not later than 60 days after making such deter-mination, provide to the appropriate con-gressional committees a remediation plan for reducing such average customs proc-
essing time referred to in paragraph (1). 
(4) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 30 
days after submitting the remediation plan referred to in paragraph (3), the Commis-sioner of United States Customs and Border Protection shall implement those portions of such plan that can be carried out using exist-ing resources, excluding the transfer of per-sonnel. 
(5) S
USPENSION .—If the Commissioner of 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection does not submit the remediation plan referred to in paragraph (3) within 60 days in accordance with such paragraph, the Commissioner may not, until such time as such remediation plan is submitted, conduct any negotiations relating to preclearance operations at an air-port in any country or commence any such preclearance operations. 
(6) S
TAKEHOLDER RECOMMENDATIONS .—The 
remediation plan described in paragraph (3) shall consider recommendations solicited from relevant stakeholders. 
(e) C
LASSIFIED REPORT .—The assessment 
required pursuant to subsection (a)(5) and the report required pursuant to subsection (b)(7) may be submitted in classified form if the Secretary of Homeland Security deter-mines that such is appropriate. 
SEC. 5. AVIATION SECURITY SCREENING AT 
PRECLEARANCE AIRPORTS. 
(a) A VIATION SECURITY STANDARDS AGREE -
MENT .—Prior to the commencement of 
preclearance operations at an airport in a foreign country under this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall enter into an agreement with the government of such foreign country that delineates and requires the adoption of aviation security screening standards that are determined by the Administrator to be comparable to those of the United States. 
(b) A
VIATION SECURITY RESCREENING .—If 
the Administrator of the Transportation Se-curity Administration determines that the government of a foreign country has not maintained security standards and protocols comparable to those of the United States at airports at which preclearance operations have been established in accordance with an agreement entered into pursuant to sub-section (a), the Administrator shall require the rescreening in the United States by the Transportation Security Administration of passengers and their property before such passengers may deplane into sterile areas of airports in the United States. 
(c) S
ELECTEES .—Any passenger who is de-
termined to be a selectee based on a check against a terrorist watch list and arrives on a flight originating from a foreign airport at which preclearance operations have been es-tablished in accordance with an agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a), shall be required to undergo security rescreening by the Transportation Security Administra-tion before being permitted to board a do-mestic flight in the United States. 
SEC. 6. LOST AND STOLEN PASSPORTS. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security may 
not enter into or renew an agreement with the government of a foreign country to es-tablish or maintain U.S. Customs and Border Protection preclearance operations at an air-port in such foreign country unless such gov-ernment certifies— 
(1) that it routinely submits information 
about lost and stolen passports of its citizens and nationals to INTERPOL’s Stolen and Lost Travel Document database; or 
(2) makes available to the United States 
Government such information through an-other comparable means of reporting. 
SEC. 7. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Except for subsection (c) of section 4, this 
Act shall apply only to the establishment of preclearance operations in a foreign country 
in which no preclearance operations have been established as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ) and the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. V ELA) each 
will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. MILLER from Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mrs. MILLER from Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 998. Few issues actually have kept the CBP leadership busier over the last year than preclearance. 
Failure to properly consult with 
stakeholders on preclearance expan-sion at Abu Dhabi caused a lot of con-sternation on Capitol Hill and cer-tainly in the Homeland Security Com-mittee last Congress. 
This lack of appropriate congres-
sional coordination and notification troubled many Members as well as the affected stakeholders, specifically, the airline industry. 
We now hope that the Department 
will keep Congress fully abreast of fu-ture plans, especially in light of their recent announcement of the intention to expand preclearance to ten addi-tional locations. 
This bill, we believe, sets the ground-
work for greater oversight and coordi-nation on future preclearance oper-ations. 
I certainly want to thank Mr. M
EE-
HANfrom Pennsylvania, who was actu-
ally a former member on the Homeland Security Committee, who raised con-cerns with the Department of Home-land Security preclearance operations early in the Abu Dhabi agreement process. 
His leadership has really been very, 
very important to the success of the legislation that we are considering today, Mr. Speaker. 
Certainly we support preclearance 
where it makes sense as well as other CBP efforts to push out the border, if you will. 
Preclearance has been an effective 
security screening and trade facilita-tion tool since the early 1950s, actu-ally. Of course, since 9/11, the security value of these operations has only been heightened. 
However, the mistakes of the Abu 
Dhabi agreement cannot be repeated. Expansion of preclearance must be done in such a way that it supports our security and does not disadvantage our domestic airlines. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.015 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5497 July 27, 2015 
This bill was very carefully crafted 
after several oversight hearings and numerous consultations with the De-partment, the airline industry, and Members from both parties. It is a bi-partisan bill. 
This bill sets the contours for future 
preclearance operations and incor-porates a series of notifications and certifications, including a justification 
that outlines the Homeland Security benefit and impact to domestic staffing and wait times of any new preclearance operations. 
As well, this bill requires that Con-
gress be notified in the event that De-partment of Homeland Security modi-fies or changes an existing agreement at any one of the 17 existing preclearance locations. 
Most importantly, we think, this bill 
makes very clear the Department of Homeland Security cannot establish new locations without conducting the due diligence that we in Congress ex-pect. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to balance se-
curity operations and economic impact here at home. 
Finally, I would certainly like to 
thank Chairman P
AUL RYAN of the 
Ways and Means Committee and his staff for working to bring this impor-tant bill to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, July 16, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL MCCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
Ford House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL, I am writing with 
respect to H.R. 998, the ‘‘Preclearance Au-thorization Act of 2015.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 998 that fall within the Rule X jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Ways and Means, I agree to waive consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. 
The Committee on Ways and Means takes 
this action with the mutual understanding that by forgoing consideration of H.R. 998 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for such request. 
Finally, I would appreciate your response 
to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation thereof. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULD. R YAN, 
Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, July 20, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
Longworth House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN RYAN, Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 998, the ‘‘Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accord-ingly, understand that the Committee on Ways and Means will forego consideration of the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security con-
curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Ways and Means does not waive any jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Ways and Means for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman. 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 998, 
the Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015. 
This bipartisan bill would authorize 
the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection preclearance operations with 180 days’ prior notification and certifi-cation to Congress that certain speci-fied conditions exist. 
These conditions include that there 
are Homeland Security benefits for es-tablishment of the preclearance loca-tion, a U.S. air carrier service serves the location, and establishment of the location will not significantly increase customs processing wait times in the United States. 
The bill would require all countries 
with preclearance locations to rou-tinely submit information about lost and stolen passports of their citizens to INTERPOL’s stolen and lost travel document database or make such infor-mation available to the U.S. through other means. 
H.R. 998 is intended to address many 
of the shortcomings in DHS’ deploy-ment of preclearance to Abu Dhabi last year and ensure that Congress receives appropriate notice prior to future ex-pansion of the program to new loca-tions. 
Similar legislation was passed by the 
House under suspension of the rules in July 2014, but no action was taken by the Senate. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 998, sending it to the Sen-ate for consideration in the 114th Con-gress. 
H.R. 998 will help ensure that expan-
sion of the Department of Homeland Security’s preclearance program en-hances our Nation’s security, facili-tates legitimate travel to the United States, and does not disadvantage do-mestic air carriers or United States 
ports of entry. 
I thank Congresswoman M
ILLER , the 
chairman of the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee, for all of her efforts in bringing all these bills for-ward and for her strong bipartisan leadership. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mrs. MILLER from Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I, too, want to again indicate that these are bipartisan bills, the Homeland Security Committee bills that are coming forward on the floor. 
I really have appreciated the oppor-
tunity and look forward to continuing to work with my ranking member, Mr. V
ELA, shoulder to shoulder on so many 
of these important issues before our country today. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I would once again 
urge my colleagues to support this very strong bipartisan piece of legisla-tion. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER of Michigan) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 998, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
IMPROVED SECURITY VETTING 
FOR AVIATION WORKERS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2750) to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administra-tion, streamline transportation secu-rity regulations, and for other pur-poses, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2750 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improved 
Security Vetting for Aviation Workers Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. AVIATION SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XVI of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 561 et seq.) is amended by adding after sec-tion 1601 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1602. VETTING OF AVIATION WORKERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—By not later than De-
cember 31, 2015, the Administrator, in coordi-nation with the Assistant Secretary for Pol-icy of the Department, shall request from the Director of National Intelligence access to additional data from the Terrorist Identi-ties Datamart Environment (TIDE) data and any or other terrorism-related information to improve the effectiveness of the Adminis-tration’s credential vetting program for indi-viduals with unescorted access to sensitive areas of airports. 
‘‘(b) S
ECURITY INSPECTION .—By not later 
than December 31, 2015, the Administrator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.039 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5498 July 27, 2015 
shall issue guidance for Transportation Se-
curity Inspectors to annually review airport badging office procedures for applicants seeking access to sensitive areas of airports. Such guidance shall include a comprehensive review of applicants’ Criminal History Records Check (CHRC) and work authoriza-tion documentation during the course of an inspection. 
‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—By not later 
than December 31, 2015, the Administrator may conduct a pilot program of the Rap Back Service, in coordination with the Di-rector of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, to determine the feasibility of full im-plementation of a service through which the Administrator would be notified of a change in status of an individual holding a valid cre-dential granting unescorted access to sen-sitive areas of airports across eligible Ad-ministration-regulated populations. 
‘‘(d) P
ROCEDURES .—The pilot program 
under subsection (c) shall evaluate whether 
information can be narrowly tailored to en-sure that the Administrator only receives notification of a change with respect to a disqualifying offense under the credential vetting program under subsection (a), as specified in 49 C.F.R. 1542.209, and in a man-ner that complies with current regulations for fingerprint-based criminal history records checks. The pilot program shall be carried out in a manner so as to ensure that, in the event that notification is made through the Rap Back Service of a change but a determination of arrest status or con-viction is in question, the matter will be handled in a manner that is consistent with current regulations. The pilot program shall also be carried out in a manner that is con-sistent with current regulations governing an investigation of arrest status, correction of Federal Bureau of Investigation records and notification of disqualification, and cor-rective action by the individual who is the subject of an inquiry. 
‘‘(e) D
ETERMINATION AND SUBMISSION .—If 
the Administrator determines that full im-plementation of the Rap Back Service is fea-sible and can be carried out in a manner that is consistent with current regulations for fingerprint-based criminal history checks, including the rights of individuals seeking credentials, the Administrator shall submit such determination, in writing, to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, together with information on the costs asso-ciated with such implementation, including the costs incurred by the private sector. In preparing this determination, the Adminis-trator shall consult with the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer of the De-partment to ensure that protocols are in place to align the period of retention of per-sonally identifiable information and biomet-ric information, including fingerprints, in the Rap Back Service with the period in which the individual who is the subject of an inquiry has a valid credential. 
‘‘(f) C
REDENTIAL SECURITY .—By not later 
than September 30, 2015, the Administrator shall issue guidance to airports mandating that all federalized airport badging authori-ties place an expiration date on airport cre-dentials commensurate with the period of time during which an individual is lawfully authorized to work in the United States. 
‘‘(g) A
VIATION WORKER LAWFUL STATUS .— 
By not later than December 31, 2015, the Ad-ministrator shall review the denial of cre-dentials due to issues associated with deter-mining an applicant’s lawful status in order to identify airports with specific weaknesses and shall coordinate with such airports to mutually address such weaknesses, as appro-
priate. 
‘‘(h) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Upon comple-
tion of the determinations and reviews re-quired under this section, the Administrator shall brief the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the results of such determinations and reviews.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1601 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 1602. Vetting of aviation workers.’’. 
SEC. 3. STATUS UPDATE ON RAP BACK SERVICE 
PILOT PROGRAM. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of 
the Senate a report on the status of plans to conduct a pilot program in coordination with the Federal Bureau of Investigation of the Rap Back Service in accordance with sub-section (c) of section 1602 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 2 of this Act. The report shall include details on the business, technical, and resource require-ments for the Transportation Security Ad-ministration and pilot program participants, and provide a timeline and goals for the pilot program. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Today we will consider four bipar-
tisan bills that address security vulner-abilities and improvements to the Transportation Security Administra-tion. 
I am proud of the bipartisan work 
this subcommittee has done and will continue to do to address the issue. I would like to thank Chairman M
CCAUL, 
Ranking Member T HOMPSON of the 
Homeland Security Committee, as well as my colleague, Ranking Member R
ICE, from the Subcommittee on 
Transportation Security for their lead-ership. 
These four bills being on the floor 
today demonstrate that, when we work together, we can get things done. I look forward to continuing to work to-gether on these issues. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong 
support of H.R. 2750, the Improved Se-curity Vetting for Aviation Workers 
Act of 2015. 
In June of this year, the Department 
of Homeland Security inspector gen-eral released a report that found a stunning 73 aviation workers that had possible ties to terrorism. 
The findings of this report were in-
deed alarming, and 14 years after 9/11 findings like this are simply unaccept-able. 
This vital piece of bipartisan legisla-
tion will strengthen the vetting of these workers, close these security gaps, and ensure the safety and secu-rity of our Nation’s aviation system. 
The inspector general’s June report 
found that TSA does not have access to all the data it may need to thoroughly check an aviation worker’s potential ties to terrorism. 
However, what is even more alarming 
is that a memo was sent to the TSA Administrator noting the need for ad-ditional information and TSA has still yet to resolve this gap. 
The report also found that airports 
do not match the expiration date of an employee’s credential to the expiration of their legal work authorization in the United States. 
b1630 
Again, while TSA stated they are 
working to resolve this issue by the end of the year, it raises serious con-cern that this gap exists in the first place. That is why this legislation is so critical, in order to guarantee that TSA addresses these known vulnerabil-ities. 
Since the start of this Congress, as 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, I have actively examined a number of alarm-ing aspects related to TSA’s oper-ations, policies, and procedures. Through hearings, oversight inquiries, and legislation, I have been working to get to the bottom of these issues and raise awareness of the urgent need to fix them. 
Unfortunately, these findings by the 
inspector general are not an anomaly. In May, the inspector general released a report that found that TSA did not have the appropriate controls in place to ensure that screening equipment has necessary maintenance work per-formed, an issue that Miss R
ICE’s bill, 
H.R. 2770, addresses. 
Last month, news outlets reported 
test results showing that screeners failed to detect prohibited threat items 96 percent of the time—96 percent. 
These more recent findings come on 
the heels of revelations earlier this year of security breaches by employees at major airports across this country involving a nationwide gun smuggling ring and an employee of the FAA by-passing security and flying with a load-ed firearm using his SIDA badge, and this month, four airport workers from Dallas were arrested for exploiting their access to aircraft to smuggle what they believed to be cocaine and other drugs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.016 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5499 July 27, 2015 
All of these findings individually are 
concerning and, in the aggregate, shake public’s confidence and only fur-ther display the need for this legisla-tion. 
Aviation workers are supposed to be 
thoroughly vetted due to their con-tinuing access to sensitive areas of air-ports and the fact that they hold a po-sition of trust within the transpor-tation system. However, the findings by the inspector general and the dozens of arrests of aviation workers this year demonstrate that the status quo is not working. 
The insider threat is the hardest 
threat to combat, and while this bill will not eliminate this threat, H.R. 2750 will indeed give TSA and the airports the ability to more thoroughly vet these employees and have a better un-derstanding of whom we are granting secured access to. 
The reality is that, in this post-9/11 
world, the terrorist threat is metasta-sizing; and we, as a Nation, must re-main responsive to any holes in the se-curity of our transportation systems and ensure that protocols keep place with the ever-evolving threat land-scape. 
Improving the vetting of the aviation 
workers who have access to sensitive areas of airports can help close another backdoor vulnerability at our Nation’s airports. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
M
CCAUL, Ranking Member R ICE, Con-
gresswoman M CSALLY , Congressman 
KEATING , and Congressman P AYNE for 
joining me as cosponsors of this bill. I urge my other colleagues to join me in supporting this critical piece of legisla-tion. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 2750, 
the Improved Security Vetting for Aviation Workers Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, a recent review by the 
Department of Homeland Security’s in-spector general found that, although TSA’s multilayered process for vetting airport workers is generally effective, there were instances where the process did not detect airport workers with po-tential links to terrorism. 
In total, the inspector general identi-
fied 73 aviation workers with possible links to terrorism after running data against the so-called TIDE database, which is maintained by the National Counterterrorism Center. 
TSA does not have access to this 
database under current interagency watch listing policies. Chairman K
ATKO  
introduced H.R. 2750 to rectify this sit-uation, and I am proud to be an origi-nal cosponsor of this bipartisan bill. 
H.R. 2750 will put TSA on a path to 
accessing terrorism-related data in order to more effectively vet employ-ees who work in our Nation’s airports. In addition, this bill will require TSA to conduct an annual review of the pro-cedures for issuing security credentials to employees seeking to work in highly 
sensitive, secure areas of our airports. 
Lastly, under H.R. 2750, TSA is au-
thorized to pilot the FBI’s Rap Back 
Service, which provides near real-time information about changes in an air-port worker’s criminal history. The possibility of someone with ties to ter-rorism getting a job in an American airport is a very real threat, one of many that we live with every day and one that we must do everything in our power to prevent. H.R. 2750 will help neutralize that threat. I urge my col-leagues to give it their full support. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, together 
with Chairman K
ATKO , I am proud of 
the work that we have done on the Subcommittee on Transportation Se-curity to address this and other press-ing transportation security issues within TSA in a constructive, bipar-tisan way. 
The four bipartisan TSA bills that we 
are considering today are a testament to that effort and to what we can ac-complish when we work together to solve real problems. I hope that we will continue to make progress together, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2750. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume to close. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my 
colleagues to support this strong, bi-partisan piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 2750, the Improved Se-curity Vetting for Aviation Workers Act, which directs the Transportation Security Adminis-trator to annually review airport badging office procedures for applicants seeking access to sensitive areas of airports. 
I commend the bipartisan work of Chairman 
M
CSALLY and Ranking Member P AYNE for their 
work on this bill. 
The bill would direct the Transportation Se-
curity Administrator to coordinate with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security and consult with the Federal Bureau of Investigation to conduct a pilot program of the Rap Back Service in preparation for possible full implementation. 
The Administrator is further directed to de-
termine the lawful status of aviation workers in order to identify airports with specific weak-nesses. 
The Administrator will brief the House Com-
mittees on Homeland Security and Transpor-tation and Infrastructure as well as the Senate Committees on Homeland Security and Gov-ernment Affairs and Commerce, Science, and Transportation on the results of the determina-tions and reviews. 
This is a good step forward in support of se-
curity at our nation’s airports. 
As the Committee charged with the respon-
sibility of improving security at our nation’s air-ports this forward looking bill will allow a pilot program to determine if there are better re-sources for assuring the security of the trav-eling public. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in 
favor of H.R. 2750. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. 
K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2750, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
KEEPING OUR TRAVELERS SAFE 
AND SECURE ACT 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2770) to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to require certain maintenance of security-related tech-nology at airports, and for other pur-poses, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2770 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Keeping our 
Travelers Safe and Secure Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) The Administrator of the Transpor-
tation Security Administration has stated that the maintenance of security-related technology such as x-rays, explosive trace detection systems, explosive detection sys-tems, liquid scanners, and enhanced walk- through metal detectors, is central to the execution of Transportation Security Ad-ministration’s mission to protect United States transportation systems. 
(2) Preventive and corrective maintenance 
is essential to ensuring and extending the service lives of security-related technology. 
(3) In May 2015, the Inspector General of 
the Department of Homeland Security, re-porting on the results of a performance audit conducted between December 2013 and No-vember 2014, concluded that because the Transportation Security Administration did not properly manage the maintenance of its security-related technology deployed to air-ports, it cannot be assured that routine pre-ventive maintenance is performed or that equipment is repaired and ready for oper-ational use. 
(4) Specifically, the Inspector General 
found that the Transportation Security Ad-ministration did not issue adequate policies and procedures to document, track, and maintain preventive maintenance actions at the airport level and oversight of contractor- performed maintenance needed to be strengthened. 
(5) According to the Inspector General, if 
the equipment is not fully operational, the Transportation Security Administration may have to use other screening measures that may be less effective at detecting dan-gerous items, thereby potentially jeopard-izing passenger safety and security. 
SEC. 3. MAINTENANCE OF SECURITY-RELATED 
TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XVI of the Home-
land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 561 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Subtitle C—Maintenance of Security-Related 
Technology 
‘‘SEC. 1621. MAINTENANCE VALIDATION AND 
OVERSIGHT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-title, the Administrator shall develop and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.043 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5500 July 27, 2015 
implement a preventive maintenance valida-
tion process for security-related technology deployed to airports. 
‘‘(b) M
AINTENANCE BY ADMINISTRATION PER-
SONNEL AT AIRPORTS .—For maintenance to 
be carried out by Administration personnel at airports, the process referred to in sub-section (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) Guidance to Administration personnel, 
equipment maintenance technicians, and other personnel at airports specifying how to conduct and document preventive mainte-nance actions. 
‘‘(2) Mechanisms for the Administrator to 
verify compliance with the guidance issued pursuant to paragraph (1). 
‘‘(c) M
AINTENANCE BY CONTRACTORS AT AIR-
PORTS .—For maintenance to be carried out 
by a contractor at airports, the process re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall require the following: 
‘‘(1) Provision of monthly preventive main-
tenance schedules to appropriate Adminis-tration personnel at each airport that in-cludes information on each action to be com-pleted by a contractor. 
‘‘(2) Notification to appropriate Adminis-
tration personnel at each airport when main-tenance action is completed by a contractor. 
‘‘(3) A process for independent validation 
by a third party of contractor maintenance. 
‘‘(d) P
ENALTIES FOR NONCOMPLIANCE .—The 
Administrator shall require maintenance contracts for security-related technology de-ployed to airports to include penalties for noncompliance when it is determined that either preventive or corrective maintenance has not been completed according to con-tractual requirements and manufacturers’ specifications.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1616 the following: 
‘‘Subtitle C—Maintenance of Security- 
Related Technology 
‘‘Sec. 1621. Maintenance validation and 
oversight.’’. 
SEC. 4. INSPECTOR GENERAL ASSESSMENT. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Se-curity shall assess implementation of the re-quirements under this Act and the amend-ments made by this Act, and provide findings and recommendations with respect to the provision of training to Administration per-sonnel, equipment maintenance technicians, and other personnel under section 1621 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by section 3 of this Act) and the availability and utilization of equipment maintenance technicians employed by the Administra-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2770, the Keeping Our Travelers Safe and Secure Act, sponsored by my colleague, Miss R
ICE. This legislation 
will strengthen TSA’s management of its screening equipment maintenance contracts and related maintenance ac-tivities. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity Office of Inspector General re-leased a report in May that found that TSA is not properly managing the maintenance of its critical airport screening equipment. Because TSA does not adequately oversee this equip-ment, it cannot be assured that the routine preventive maintenance is per-formed or that equipment is repaired and ready for operational use. 
This bill codifies the three rec-
ommendations made by the IG, all of which TSA concurred with. I am pleased to join Miss R
ICE; Mr. T HOMP -
SON; my fellow New York delegation 
members Mr. K ING, Mr. D ONOVAN , and 
Mr. H IGGINS ; along with Mr. P AYNE ; 
Mr. K EATING ; and Mr. R ICHMOND as co-
sponsors of this important legislation. 
I urge my other colleagues to join me 
in supporting H.R. 2770. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 2770, the Keeping Our Travelers Safe and Secure Act. 
Mr. Speaker, last May, the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security inspector general released a report with a blunt and revealing title: ‘‘The Transpor-tation Security Administration Does 
Not Properly Manage Its Airport Screening Equipment Maintenance Program.’’ 
The report revealed that TSA lacks 
strict policies and procedures for main-taining critical screening technology, including x-ray machines and explosive detection equipment. The consequences of this deficiency could be severe. 
First, as the inspector general’s re-
port noted, the lack of regular mainte-nance reduces the life of screening equipment, which means TSA would have to incur the cost of new equip-ment. That is a problem for American taxpayers. 
Even more importantly, the inspec-
tor general also noted that, if screen-ing equipment becomes less than fully operational, TSA will be forced to rely on alternative screening measures that may not be as effective at detecting dangerous items. That creates serious risks for passengers, risks that we can and must eliminate. 
As threats to our homeland evolve, 
particularly threats to our commercial aviation sector, we cannot afford to be complacent about maintaining screen-ing equipment. 
This legislation, which I introduced 
with Ranking Member T
HOMPSON , 
Chairman K ATKO , and Representative 
PAYNE , requires TSA to get serious 
about maintaining security-related technology in our Nation’s airports. 
Specifically, it requires TSA, within 
180 days of enactment, to develop and implement a comprehensive preventive 
maintenance validation process. This process must include strict mainte-
nance schedules, clear guidance for TSA personnel and contractors on how to conduct and document maintenance actions, mechanisms to ensure compli-ance, and penalties for noncompliance. 
These measures are common sense. 
This is a threat that we can neutralize. I urge my colleagues to do so by sup-porting this bipartisan legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like 
to thank members of the Committee on Homeland Security for supporting this legislation. There was truly a construc-tive bipartisan effort to make this leg-islation what it is today, and because of it, the commercial aviation sector will be more secure. 
I once again urge all of my colleagues 
to support this legislation. I thank Chairman K
ATKO for his support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my 
colleagues to support this strong, bi-partisan piece of legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support to H.R. 2770, the ‘‘Keeping Our Trav-elers Safe and Secure Act of 2015’’, which would amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require improvements in the mainte-nance of security-related technology located at airports. 
I commend my colleague’s bill, which would 
outline specific requirements and procedures that the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) must follow in maintaining security-re-lated technology deployed at airports. 
I strongly support the measures that would 
be implemented in this bill in light of the Homeland Security Department’s Inspector General Examination of the Transportation Se-curity Administration’s (TSA’s) airport screen-ing equipment maintenance program, which determined that adequate policies and proce-dures had not been implemented. 
Mr. Speaker, as a senior Member of the 
Homeland Security Committee and former chair of the Subcommittee on Transportation Security, I strongly support measures to im-prove aviation security. 
The Inspector General, report focused on 
concerns in the security technologies mainte-nance processes of our airports. 
The report said that TSA did not have suffi-
cient policies to oversee whether routine pre-ventative maintenance was accomplished. 
Mr. Speaker, in my hometown of Houston, 
nearly 40 million passengers traveled through Bush International Airport (IAH) and an addi-tional 10 million traveled through William P. Hobby (HOU). 
This makes my city one of the busiest trav-
eled cities in the country, and as TSA is the first line of defense in safeguarding transpor-tation throughout the nation, we as a Con-gress should make sure we do all we can to support their needs. 
This bill will ensure that these imperative 
steps in the upkeep of TSA equipment are not overlooked any more, as the agency must pro-vide a monthly preventive maintenance sched-ule to appropriate airport personnel, stream-lining the communication process amongst contractors and the airports themselves. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.020 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5501 July 27, 2015 
Also, this bill requires that the TSA must im-
pose penalties for noncompliance when pre-ventative and/or corrective maintenance does not meet contractual requirements or manu-facturer specifications. 
Mr. Speaker, we must provide the guidance 
and tools needed by the TSA to ensure the safety of the millions that travel through our nation’s airports. 
H.R. 2770, the ‘‘Keeping Our Travelers Safe 
and Secure Act of 2015’’ is a positive step for-ward in handling the issues raised by the In-spector General’s report on our country’s air-ports security systems. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in voting in 
support of H.R. 2770. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2770, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
TSA PRECHECK EXPANSION ACT 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2843) to require certain improve-ments in the Transportation Security Administration’s PreCheck expedited screening program, and for other pur-poses, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2843 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘TSA 
PreCheck Expansion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-
trator’’ means the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration. 
(2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(3) TSA.—The term ‘‘TSA’’ means the 
Transportation Security Administration. 
SEC. 3. ENROLLMENT EXPANSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall publish PreCheck application enrollment standards to add multiple private sector application capabili-ties for the TSA PreCheck program to in-crease the public’s enrollment access to such program, including standards that allow the use of secure technologies, including online enrollment, kiosks, tablets, or staffed laptop stations at which individuals can apply for entry into such program. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Upon publication of 
the PreCheck program application enroll-ment standards pursuant to subsection (a), the Administrator shall— 
(1) coordinate with interested parties to 
deploy TSA-approved ready-to-market pri-vate sector solutions that meet the TSA 
PreCheck application enrollment standards described in paragraph (1), make available additional PreCheck enrollment capabilities, and offer secure online and mobile enroll-ment opportunities; 
(2) partner with the private sector to col-
lect biographic and biometric identification information via kiosks, mobile devices, or other mobile enrollment platforms to reduce the number of instances in which passengers need to travel to enrollment centers; 
(3) ensure that the kiosks, mobile devices, 
or other mobile enrollment platforms re-ferred to in paragraph (3) are certified as se-cure and not vulnerable to data breaches; 
(4) ensure that any biometric and bio-
graphic information is collected in a manner which is comparable with the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology standards and ensures privacy and data security pro-tections, including that applicants’ person-ally identifiable information is collected, re-
tained, used, and shared in a manner con-sistent with section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as ‘‘Privacy Act of 1974’’), and agency regulations; 
(5) ensure that an individual who wants to 
enroll in the PreCheck program and has started an application with a single identi-fication verification at one location will be able to save such individual’s application on any kiosk, personal computer, mobile device, or other mobile enrollment platform and be able to return within a reasonable time to submit a second identification verification; and 
(6) ensure that any enrollment expansion 
using a private sector risk assessment in-stead of a fingerprint-based criminal history records check is determined, by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, to be equiva-lent to a fingerprint-based criminal history records check conducted through the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
(c) M
ARKETING OF PRECHECK PROGRAM .— 
Upon publication of PreCheck program ap-plication enrollment standards pursuant to subsection (a), the Administrator shall— 
(1) in accordance with the standards de-
scribed in paragraph (1) of subsection (a), de-velop and implement— 
(A) a process, including an associated 
timeframe, for approving private sector mar-keting of the TSA PreCheck program; and 
(B) a strategy for partnering with the pri-
vate sector to encourage enrollment in such program; and 
(2) submit to Congress a report on any 
PreCheck fees collected in excess of the costs of administering such program, including recommendations for using such amounts to support marketing of such program under this subsection. 
(d) I
DENTITY VERIFICATION ENHANCEMENT .— 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall— 
(1) coordinate with the heads of appro-
priate components of the Department to le-verage Department-held data and tech-nologies to verify the citizenship of individ-uals enrolling in the TSA PreCheck program; and 
(2) partner with the private sector to use 
advanced biometrics and standards com-parable with National Institute of Standards and Technology standards to facilitate en-rollment in such program. 
(e) P
RECHECK LANE OPERATION .—The Ad-
ministrator shall— 
(1) ensure that TSA PreCheck screening 
lanes are open and available during peak and high-volume travel times at airports to indi-viduals enrolled in the PreCheck program; and 
(2) make every practicable effort to pro-
vide expedited screening at standard screen-ing lanes during times when PreCheck 
screening lanes are closed to individuals en-rolled in such program in order to maintain operational efficiency. 
(f) V
ETTING FOR PRECHECK PARTICIPANTS .— 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall initiate an assessment of the security vulnerabilities in the vetting process for the PreCheck program that includes an evalua-tion of whether subjecting PreCheck partici-pants to recurrent fingerprint-based crimi-nal history records checks, in addition to re-current checks against the terrorist watchlist, could be done in a cost-effective manner to strengthen the security of the PreCheck program. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2843, the TSA PreCheck Expan-sion Act. This piece of legislation serves as an important driving force to advance risk-based security and better secure our Nation’s aviation sector. 
TSA’s PreCheck program, which 
grants expedited security screening to passengers at airports nationwide, has been an incredibly popular tool used by the Agency to improve the traveling public’s airport screening experience, while moving away from a one-size- fits-all approach to security screening by identifying trusted travelers. 
Risk-based security hinges on the 
ability to deploy our resources on those passengers whom we have not thoroughly vetted. However, the effec-tiveness and integrity of this program depends on TSA’s ability to better market this program and increase pas-senger enrollment. 
As the Agency has become overly de-
pendent on alternate methods of expe-dited screening, such as managed inclu-sion, a problem addressed by Ranking Member T
HOMPSON ’s bill, which I co-
sponsored, H.R. 2127, TSA has become ineffective in prioritizing enrollment and partnering with the private sector. 
Only the level of innovation found in 
the private sector will be able to assist TSA in driving continued enrollment in PreCheck. That being said, it is im-portant that any expansion of the PreCheck program be conducted in a secure and responsible manner, which ensures the public’s security and pri-vacy. 
This bill before the Congress right 
now does just that. Specifically, this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.024 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5502 July 27, 2015 
legislation directs TSA to partner with 
the private sector to find technological solutions for expanding enrollment in PreCheck and requires the Agency to develop a comprehensive marketing strategy for PreCheck. 
Additionally, H.R. 2843 mandates 
that the Administrator coordinate with other Department of Homeland Security components to leverage exist-ing data and technologies while also encouraging TSA to develop alter-native recurrent vetting capabilities for those enrolled in PreCheck in order to maintain the program’s security ef-fectiveness. 
b1645 
Every day, TSA screens 2 million 
passengers. By expanding known trav-eler programs such as PreCheck, we can ensure that TSA is focusing its re-sources on those passengers who are unknown and therefore pose a greater risk. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
M
CCAUL and Congressman R OGERS for 
joining me as cosponsors of this impor-tant piece of legislation. I urge my other colleagues to do the same, and I look forward to continuing our efforts to expand PreCheck in a secure and ef-fective manner. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2843, the TSA PreCheck Expan-sion Act. 
A decade after Congress directed the 
establishment of a trusted passenger program, TSA announced its PreCheck pilot program in 2011. Initially, PreCheck participants were frequent flyers of major airlines, Active Duty military members, and participants in other Department of Homeland Secu-rity known traveler programs. 
Over the past 4 years, PreCheck par-
ticipation has expanded significantly and now encompasses over 1 million Americans who submitted biographic and biometric information and paid a fee to participate in the program. 
While I am pleased that TSA has 
reached the milestone of enrolling 1 million people, there are 650 million people who fly in the U.S. every year, and we must keep working to bring more of them into the program. 
Enrolling in PreCheck is a win-win 
for passengers and for airport security. Passengers get the benefit of expedited screening, and we get the benefit of an expanded universe of passengers who have undergone extensive vetting and are known to be low risk, and that al-lows TSA to focus its limited resources on passengers who are unknown and may be higher risk. 
We can expand PreCheck participa-
tion by streamlining the enrollment process to make it more convenient and more accessible. H.R. 2843 seeks to do just that by requiring enrollment standards to include secure tech-nologies such as kiosks and tablets that can collect biographic and biomet-
ric information. 
Additionally, this bills directs TSA 
to more aggressively market the PreCheck program. Getting the word out about the merits of PreCheck is vital to ensuring that the program con-tinues to grow. 
To keep Congress engaged in its 
progress, this bill requires that TSA re-port any fees in excess of administra-tion costs. 
This is also an opportunity for the 
private sector to work together with the Federal Government to expand PreCheck participation, and this part-nership will continue to push the pro-gram in the right direction. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan legislation, Mr. Speaker, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
more speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I support this commonsense legisla-
tion, and I congratulate my partner on the Transportation Security Sub-committee, Chairman K
ATKO , for au-
thoring it. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
2843, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my 
colleagues to support this strong, bi-partisan piece of legislation. Miss R
ICE 
is absolutely correct: it is common sense. It is common sense that a pro-gram that has been with TSA for a while now and that has not been ex-panded on by TSA despite its popu-larity and it is common sense with re-spect to risk-based security that this should be passed. I urge passage of it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2843, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SECURING EXPEDITED SCREENING 
ACT 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2127) to direct the Administrator of the Transportation Security Admin-istration to limit access to expedited airport security screening at an airport security checkpoint to participants of the PreCheck program and other known low-risk passengers, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2127 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing Ex-
pedited Screening Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Aviation and Transportation Secu-
rity Act (Public Law 107–71) authorized the Transportation Security Administration to ‘‘establish requirements to implement trust-ed passenger programs and use available technologies to expedite the security screen-ing of passengers who participate in such programs, thereby allowing security screen-ing personnel to focus on those passengers who should be subject to more extensive screening.’’. 
(2) In October 2011, the Transportation Se-
curity Administration began piloting the PreCheck program in which a limited num-ber of passengers who were participants in the frequent flyer programs of domestic air carriers were directed to special screening lanes for expedited security screening. 
(3) In December 2013, the Transportation 
Security Administration opened the PreCheck program to eligible passengers who submit biographic and biometric infor-mation for a security risk assessment. 
(4) Today, expedited security screening is 
provided to passengers who, in general, are members of populations identified by the Ad-ministrator of the Transportation Security Administration as presenting a low risk to aviation security, including members of pop-ulations known and vetted by the Adminis-trator or through another Department of Homeland Security trusted traveler pro-gram, and to passengers who are selected by expedited screening on a case-by-case basis through the Transportation Security Admin-istration’s Managed Inclusion process and other procedures. 
(5) According to the Transportation Secu-
rity Administration, the Managed Inclusion process ‘‘combines the use of multiple layers of security to indirectly conduct a real-time assessment of passengers’’ through the use of Passenger Screening Canine teams, Behavior Detection Officers, Explosives Trace Detec-tion (ETD) machines, and other activities. 
(6) In December 2014, the Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States concluded in a re-port entitled ‘‘Rapid Growth in Expedited Passenger Screening Highlights Need to Plan Effective Security Assessments’’ that ‘‘it will be important for TSA to evaluate the se-curity effectiveness of the Managed Inclu-sion process as a whole, to ensure that it is functioning as intended and that passengers are being screened at a level commensurate with their risk’’. 
(7) On March 16, 2015, the Inspector General 
of the Department of Homeland Security re-leased a report entitled ‘‘Allegation of Granting Expedited Screening through TSA PreCheck Improperly’’, in which the Inspec-tor General determined that the Transpor-tation Security Administration granted ex-pedited security screening at a PreCheck se-curity lane to a passenger who had served time in prison for felonies committed as a member of a domestic terrorist group and who was not a participant in the PreCheck program. 
SEC. 3. LIMITATION; PRECHECK OPERATIONS 
MAINTAINED; ALTERNATE METH-ODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (d), not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration shall direct that access to expedited airport security screening at an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.047 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5503 July 27, 2015 
airport security checkpoint be limited to 
only the following: 
(1) A passenger who voluntarily submits 
biographic and biometric information for a security risk assessment and whose applica-tion for the PreCheck program has been ap-proved, or a passenger who is a participant in another trusted or registered traveler pro-gram of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(2) A passenger traveling pursuant to sec-
tion 44903 of title 49, United States Code (as established under the Risk-Based Security for Members of the Armed Forces Act (Pub-lic Law 112–86)), section 44927 of such title (as established under the Helping Heroes Fly Act (Public Law 113–27)), or section 44928 of such title (as established under the Honor Flight Act (Public Law 113–221)). 
(3) A passenger who did not voluntarily 
submit biographic and biometric informa-tion for a security risk assessment but is a member of a population designated by the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration as known and low-risk and who may be issued a unique, known trav-eler number by the Administrator deter-mining that such passenger is a member of a category of travelers designated by the Ad-ministrator as known and low-risk. 
(b) P
RECHECK OPERATIONS MAINTAINED .—In 
carrying out subsection (a), the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall ensure that expedited air-port security screening remains available to passengers at or above the level that exists on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) M
INORS AND SENIORS .—The Adminis-
trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration may provide access to expe-dited airport security screening at an airport security checkpoint to a passenger who is— 
(1) 75 years old or older; or (2) 12 years old or under and who is trav-
eling with a parent or guardian who is a par-ticipant in the PreCheck program. 
(d) F
REQUENT FLIERS .—If the Adminis-
trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration determines that such is appro-priate, the date specified in subsection (a) may be extended by up to one year to imple-ment such subsection with respect to the population of passengers who did not volun-tarily submit biographic and biometric in-formation for security risk assessments but who nevertheless receive expedited airport security screening because such passengers are designated as frequent fliers by air car-riers. If the Administrator uses the author-ity provided by this subsection, the Adminis-trator shall notify the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs and the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate of such phased-in imple-mentation. 
(e) A
LTERNATE METHODS .—The Adminis-
trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration may provide access to expe-dited airport security screening to additional passengers pursuant to an alternate method upon the submission to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate of an independent assessment of the security effectiveness of such alternate method that is conducted by an independent entity that determines that such alternate method is designed to— 
(1) reliably and effectively identify pas-
sengers who likely pose a low risk to the United States aviation system; 
(2) mitigate the likelihood that a pas-
senger who may pose a security threat to the United States aviation system is selected for expedited security screening; and (3) address known and evolving security 
risks to the United States aviation system. 
(f) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Adminis-
trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall provide to the entity con-ducting the independent assessment under subsection (c) effectiveness testing results that are consistent with established evalua-tion design practices, as identified by the Comptroller General of the United States. 
SEC. 4. REPORTING. 
Not later than three months after the date 
of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration shall re-port to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on the percent-age of all passengers who are provided expe-dited security screening, and of such pas-sengers so provided, the percentage who are participants in the PreCheck program (who have voluntarily submitted biographic and biometric information for security risk as-sessments), the percentage who are partici-pants in another trusted traveler program of the Department of Homeland Security, the percentage who are participants in the PreCheck program due to the Administra-tor’s issuance of known traveler numbers, and for the remaining percentage of pas-sengers granted access to expedited security screening in PreCheck security lanes, infor-mation on the percentages attributable to each alternative method utilized by the Transportation Security Administration to direct passengers to expedited airport secu-rity screening at PreCheck security lanes. 
SEC. 5. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed to— (1) authorize or direct the Administrator of 
the Transportation Administration to reduce or limit the availability of expedited secu-rity screening at an airport; or 
(2) limit the authority of the Adminis-
trator to use technologies and systems, in-cluding passenger screening canines and ex-plosives trace detection, as a part of security screening operations. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2127, the Securing Expedited Screening Act. This important piece of legislation directs TSA to suspend the use of alternative methods for granting passengers access to PreCheck expe-dited screening unless the agency can prove the security effectiveness of such methods. 
Specifically, this bill requires that 
expedited screening be limited to pas-sengers who have successfully enrolled in the PreCheck program or who are el-igible for PreCheck by being part of an 
already identified low-risk population. 
Managed Inclusion is intended to 
conduct a ‘‘real-time’’ threat assess-ment to identify passengers who are el-igible for TSA PreCheck on a flight-by- flight basis through the use of already present layers of security at the air-ports. However, travelers who experi-ence expedited screening through Man-aged Inclusion are not subject to a criminal history background check, have not paid for TSA PreCheck—un-like other passengers—are often un-aware of the reason they are receiving expedited screening, and are generally not encouraged to enroll in TSA PreCheck during the experience. 
While Managed Inclusion may help 
reduce wait times and increase utiliza-tion of TSA PreCheck lanes, it has not been tested or proven to improve the experience of travelers or, more impor-tantly, reduce the security risks to aviation. 
On the contrary, passengers who go 
through the TSA PreCheck enrollment process and pay $85 for expedited screening are not seeing the benefits that were promised to them. This is be-cause passengers who did not enroll, have not submitted to a background check, and are unfamiliar with TSA PreCheck are being ushered into those expedited screening lanes. 
This bill, along with a piece of legis-
lation that I introduced, H.R. 2843, the TSA PreCheck Expansion Act, will en-sure that we are providing expedited screening in a manner that is both de-liberate and secure, and that we are ex-panding the known traveler population so that we can focus our resources on unknown travelers. 
I am very pleased to join my col-
leagues Mr. T
HOMPSON and Miss R ICEas 
a cosponsor of this important legisla-tion. I urge my other colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2127, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 2127, the Securing Expedited Screening Act. 
The Transportation Security Admin-
istration is charged with the great re-sponsibility of keeping commercial aviation passengers safe and keeping criminals, terrorists, and dangerous ob-jects off of flights. They do so using limited resources, relying on a risk- based approach that focuses those re-sources on the passengers about whom we know the least. The PreCheck pro-gram is a key element of this approach, 
granting expedited screening to trusted or ‘‘known’’ passengers who have un-dergone an extensive vetting process. 
But even as TSA expanded the 
PreCheck program, it was also grant-ing expedited screening to other sup-posedly ‘‘low-risk’’ passengers through the Managed Inclusion process—pas-sengers who hadn’t gone through the PreCheck application process, hadn’t been vetted, and were not known to be low risk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.018 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5504 July 27, 2015 
Numerous classified reports from 
both the Department of Homeland Se-curity inspector general and the Gov-ernment Accountability Office have de-tailed the security risks created by the Managed Inclusion process. We must take action to eliminate this vulnera-bility, and we can do so by passing H.R. 2127. 
Ranking Member T
HOMPSON ’s bipar-
tisan legislation will require TSA to limit expedited screening to the popu-lation for which it was intended: those travelers who have been vetted and are known to be low risk. 
I urge my colleagues to join Ranking 
Member T
HOMPSON , Chairman K ATKO , 
and me in supporting this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
more speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
In closing, I would like to again 
thank Members for supporting this leg-islation. H.R. 2127 will eliminate a sig-nificant gap in our aviation security and ensure that each passenger who boards a commercial flight receives the appropriate level of screening. 
I urge all my colleagues to join us in 
supporting this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my 
colleagues to support this strong, bi-partisan piece of legislation. 
H.R. 2843, which we just spoke about, 
and H.R. 2127, this bill, work side by side with each other, and it is a good example of the bipartisan nature which permeates this committee. One bill deals with the expansion of PreCheck; the other one deals with the constric-tion on the other side of PreCheck, and that is the Managed Inclusion, which none of us think is a good idea, long term, for security purposes. 
I am proud to be part of this legisla-
tion. I am proud of the bipartisan work we are doing on this committee, and I look forward to much more production moving forward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2127, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FIRST RESPONDER ANTHRAX 
PREPAREDNESS ACT 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1300) to direct the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response pro-
viders, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1300 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Re-
sponder Anthrax Preparedness Act’’. 
SEC. 2. PRE-EVENT ANTHRAX VACCINATION PRO-
GRAM FOR EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROVIDERS. 
(a) A NTHRAX PREPAREDNESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Title V of the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 6 U.S.C. 311 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 526. ANTHRAX PREPAREDNESS. 
‘‘(a) P RE-EVENT ANTHRAX VACCINATION PRO-
GRAM FOR EMERGENCY RESPONSE PRO-
VIDERS .—For the purpose of domestic pre-
paredness for and collective response to ter-rorism, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall establish a program to provide anthrax vaccines from the strategic national stock-pile under section 319F–2(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(a)) that will be nearing the end of their labeled dates of use at the time such vaccines are to be ad-ministered to emergency response providers who are at high risk of exposure to anthrax and who voluntarily consent to such admin-istration, and shall— 
‘‘(1) establish any necessary logistical and 
tracking systems to facilitate making such vaccines so available; 
‘‘(2) distribute disclosures regarding asso-
ciated benefits and risks to end users; and 
‘‘(3) conduct outreach to educate emer-
gency response providers about the vol-untary program. 
‘‘(b) T
HREAT ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(1) support homeland security-focused 
risk analysis and risk assessments of the threats posed by anthrax from an act of ter-ror; 
‘‘(2) leverage existing and emerging home-
land security intelligence capabilities and structures to enhance prevention, protec-tion, response, and recovery efforts with re-spect to an anthrax terror attack; and 
‘‘(3) share information and provide tailored 
analytical support on threats posed by an-thrax to State, local, and tribal authorities, as well as other national biosecurity and bio-defense stakeholders.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents in section 1(b) of such Act is amended by inserting at the end of the items relating to title V the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 526. Anthrax preparedness.’’. 
(b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pre- 
event vaccination program authorized in sec-tion 526(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in coordina-tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide anthrax vaccines to emer-gency response providers as so authorized. The duration of the pilot program shall be 24 months from the date the initial vaccines are administered to participants. 
(2) P
RELIMINARY REQUIREMENTS .—By not 
later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, and prior to imple-menting the pilot program under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— 
(A) establish a communication platform 
for the pilot program; (B) establish education and training mod-
ules for the pilot program; 
(C) conduct economic analysis of the pilot 
program; and 
(D) create a logistical platform for the an-
thrax vaccine request process under the pilot program. 
(3) L
OCATION .—In carrying out the pilot 
program under this subsection, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall select emergency response providers based in at least two States for participation in the pilot program. 
(4) D
ISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION .—The 
Secretary of Homeland Security shall pro-vide to each emergency response provider who participates in the pilot program under this subsection disclosures and educational materials regarding the associated benefits and risks of any vaccine provided under the pilot program and of exposure to anthrax. 
(5) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until one year after the completion of the pilot program, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate a report on the progress and results of the pilot program, in-cluding the percentage of eligible emergency response providers, as determined by each pilot location, that volunteer to participate, the degree to which participants obtain nec-essary vaccinations, as appropriate, and rec-ommendations to improve initial and recur-rent participation in the pilot program. The report shall include a plan under which the Secretary plans to continue the program to provide vaccines to emergency response pro-viders under section 526(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a). 
(6) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The 
Secretary of Homeland Security shall begin implementing the pilot program under this subsection by not later than the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in strong support of H.R. 1300, 
the First Responder Anthrax Prepared-ness Act, which I introduced along with my good friend and colleague from New Jersey, B
ILLPASCRELL . This 
important, bipartisan legislation will ensure that emergency response pro-viders have access to preevent anthrax vaccines. 
An anthrax attack is a serious mass 
casualty threat. Our national response 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.050 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5505 July 27, 2015 
capability to a wide-area anthrax at-
tack would be greatly enhanced by having prevaccinated responders able to deploy immediately and confidently, knowing that they have been afforded as much protection as possible. 
To achieve that goal, this legislation 
establishes a preevent anthrax vaccina-tion program to provide surplus an-thrax vaccines from the Strategic Na-tional Stockpile to emergency response providers on a voluntary basis. In ad-vance of the full vaccination program, the bill directs the Secretary of DHS to carry out a pilot program. Both the preevent vaccination program and the pilot program are required to have ro-bust communication, education, and training for program participants. 
The bill requires a report on the 
progress of the pilot and directs the Department of Homeland Security to conduct risk assessments regarding an-thrax terror attacks and to share threat information with State and local law enforcement. 
The Department has been working 
for over 3 years on establishing a preevent vaccination effort for first re-sponders, but the project has been con-tinually stalled. I am encouraged that DHS has hired a vaccination expert from the Department of Defense to take over the effort, and I believe that the mandates in this legislation will ensure that the pilot program moves forward. 
I would like to thank Committee on 
Homeland Security Chairman M
CCAUL 
and Ranking Member T HOMPSON , along 
with Chairman M CSALLY and Ranking 
Member D ONPAYNE of the committee’s 
Subcommittee on Emergency Pre-paredness, Response, and Communica-tions for their leadership on this issue and their work to advance this bill to the floor. I also want to thank Home-land Security Committee staff Kerry Kinirons, Kate Nichols, and Rosanna Muno. 
And this is significant, Mr. Speaker. 
I want to thank Chairman U
PTON and 
his staff at Energy and Commerce, Carly McWilliams and Karen Christian, for working with us on this bill. This bill is a great example of how commit-tees can and should work together to advance commonsense legislation and not get involved in turf battles. 
I will include the letters exchanged 
by Chairman M
CCAUL and Chairman 
UPTON on H.R. 1300 in the R ECORD . 
H.R. 1300 has 50 bipartisan cosponsors 
and is supported by the International Association of Fire Chiefs, the Inter-national Association of EMS Chiefs, and the Alliance for Biosecurity. 
I urge all Members to join me in sup-
porting this bill, which will help to ‘‘protect our protectors,’’ and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , 
Washington, DC, July 21, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN MCCAUL: I write in regard 
to H.R. 1300, First Responder Anthrax Pre-paredness Act, which was ordered to be re-
ported by the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity on May 20, 2015. As you are aware, the bill also was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I wanted to notify you that the Committee on Energy and Com-merce will forgo action on H.R. 1300 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
This is done with the understanding that 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce’s jurisdictional interests over this and similar legislation are in no way diminished or al-tered. In addition, the Committee reserves the right to seek conferees on H.R. 1300 and requests your support when such a request is made. 
I would appreciate your response con-
firming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1300 and ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of the bill on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
F
REDUPTON , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, July 22, 2015. 
Hon. F REDUPTON , 
Chairman, Committee on Energy on Commerce, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR CHAIRMAN UPTON , Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 1300, the ‘‘First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act.’’ I ap-preciate your support in bringing this legis-lation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce will forego consideration of the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security con-
curs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration on this bill at this time, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support a request by the Committee on Energy and Commerce for conferees on those provisions within your jurisdiction. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman. 
b1700 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 1300, the First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by com-
mending my colleague from New York, my good friend, Mr. K
ING, for working 
to make sure we are prepared to re-spond to an event involving a weapon of mass destruction. 
For nearly a decade, Mr. K
INGand 
Mr. P ASCRELL have partnered to im-
prove our ability to prevent, prepare for, and respond to WMD incidents; and I am pleased to be here today to help advance part of that agenda. 
As the Capitol Hill community wit-
nessed just over a decade ago, even a relatively small-scale anthrax attack can be devastating. An anthrax attack on a larger scale would not only result in more sick people, but would also de-mand a larger response effort that 
could stretch our emergency response capabilities. 
Although we typically think about 
our WMD policies at the national level, it is important to remember that the initial response to an anthrax event is local. We have an obligation to make sure that those who are called upon to respond to an anthrax attack can do so without jeopardizing their own health in the process. 
As a member of the Emergency Pre-
paredness Subcommittee, I have heard from emergency responders about what they need to effectively respond to an anthrax attack. 
I have also had conversations with 
first responders in my own district, and what I have heard repeatedly is that first responders need access to preevent vaccinations so that, if and when the time comes, they can respond swiftly without fear for their own health. 
These are the men and women we 
will rely on in the event of a WMD inci-dent, the men and women we will call on to risk their lives, as they do every day; and they deserve every layer of protection we can provide. 
H.R. 1300 would direct the Secretary 
of Homeland Security to establish a program to provide surplus anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials to emer-gency response providers, on a vol-untary basis, before an attack occurs. 
This legislation has the support of 
the International Association of Fire Chiefs, the International Association of Emergency Medical Services Chiefs, and the Alliance for Biosecurity. 
In my opinion, a program like this is 
long overdue, and I want to thank Mr. K
INGand Mr. P ASCRELL for their lead-
ership in working to make it a reality. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ). 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to say to my brother, P ETER KING, we 
wouldn’t be here except for you. We have talked about this thing for 10 years; more than that, P
ETER , through 
the chair, and we have insisted. I am proud to introduce this legislation with my friend, Congressman K
ING. 
It is critical that first responders 
have access to stockpiled vaccines so that they can respond quickly and con-fidently in the event of a biological threat. 
Just weeks ago, we were reminded of 
the grave danger that anthrax poses and the need for an effective response— a strategy—when live anthrax was mis-takenly shipped to dozens of labs all over the place. 
This is not a hypothetical danger, 
Mr. Speaker. Some of us remember when anthrax was mailed to some of our colleagues’ offices in 2001. Several staffers were impacted. We shut down 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.052 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5506 July 27, 2015 
the Longworth House Office Building 
to decontaminate it. Packages were sent to other locations. Twenty-two Americans were infected; 5 were killed, and here we are, 14 years later. 
For over a decade, Congressman K
ING 
and I have been fighting to develop a comprehensive national strategy to counter the grave threat that weapons of mass destruction pose to our Nation. 
According to the former chief med-
ical officer and assistant secretary of the Office of Health Affairs at the De-partment of Homeland Security, Alex-ander Garza: 
A successful anthrax attack could poten-
tially expose hundreds of thousands of peo-ple, cause illness, death, panic, economic losses . . . making this a weapon of mass dis-ruption as well as destruction. 
By passing this legislation, we will 
expand our national response capa-bility by administering surpluses and expiring anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials to emergency first re-sponders on a voluntary basis. 
Making expiring anthrax vaccines 
from the Strategic National Stockpile available to emergency first responders provides a cost-effective solution. 
It is important that we pass this leg-
islation. I want to thank all of those who made it possible to get here today; and hopefully, in a few weeks, when we get back, we will have a big WMD leg-islation on this floor. 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I have no more speakers. If Miss R
ICE 
has no further speakers, I am prepared to close after she closes. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a responsibility 
to protect the men and women we call on to protect the public when disaster strikes. H.R. 1300 is commonsense leg-islation. It will provide emergency re-sponders with anthrax vaccines from the Strategic National Stockpile that are approaching their expiration. 
Certainly, our hope is that our emer-
gency responders will never have to re-spond to an anthrax attack, but they deserve to know that, if that call ever does come, they can respond without fear for their own safety. 
Once again, I would like to congratu-
late my colleagues from New York and New Jersey on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I once again urge my colleagues to sup-port this bipartisan legislation. Let me emphasize the bipartisan nature of it. 
B
ILLPASCRELL has been there from 
the start. He referenced the anthrax at-tacks here in the Capitol back in 2001. None of us who was here at that time will ever, ever forget that. That should have been a wakeup call then. Unfortu-nately, not enough action was taken. Now, finally, after all these years, we are taking this first major step. I want to thank B
ILLPASCRELL for 
being there. I want to thank Miss R ICE 
for the whole tone of the debate here this afternoon. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
OLDING ). The question is on the mo-
tion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1300, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
STATE WIDE INTEROPERABLE 
COMMUNICATIONS ENHANCE-MENT ACT 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2206) to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to require re-cipients of State Homeland Security Grant Program funding to preserve and strengthen interoperable emergency 
communications capabilities, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2206 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘State Wide 
Interoperable Communications Enhance-ment Act’’ or the ‘‘SWIC Enhancement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. MINIMUM CONTENTS OF APPLICATION 
FOR CERTAIN HOMELAND SECURITY GRANT FUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 
2004(b) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605(b)) is amended by— 
(1) redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) 
as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively; and 
(2) inserting after subparagraph (A) the fol-
lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(B)(i) certification that the Governor of 
the State has designated a Statewide Inter-operability Coordinator, including identi-fication in such certification of the indi-vidual so designated, who shall be respon-sible for— 
‘‘(I) coordinating the daily operations of 
the State’s interoperability efforts; 
‘‘(II) coordinating State interoperability 
and communications projects and grant ap-plications for such projects; 
‘‘(III) establishing and maintaining work-
ing groups to develop and implement key interoperability initiatives; and 
‘‘(IV) coordinating and updating, as nec-
essary, a Statewide Communications Inter-operability Plan that specifies the current status of State efforts to enhance commu-nications interoperability within the State, including progress, modifications, or set-backs, and future goals for communications interoperability among emergency response agencies in the State; or 
‘‘(ii) if a Statewide Interoperability Coor-
dinator has not been designated in accord-ance with clause (i)— ‘‘(I) certification that the State is per-
forming in another manner the functions de-scribed in subclauses (I) through (IV) of such clause; and 
‘‘(II) identification in such certification of 
an individual who has been designated by the State as the primary point of contact for performance of such functions;’’. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON APPLICATION .—The 
amendment made by subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to any grant for which an application was submitted under the State Homeland Security Grant Program before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Miss R ICE) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include any extraneous ma-terial on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me just say at the 
outset, it is great to have two New Yorkers running a debate. It doesn’t happen often that we run the House; so, K
ATHLEEN , let’s take advantage of it 
while we can. Any motions you can think of we can make? 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong 
support of H.R. 2206, the State Wide Interoperable Communications En-hancement Act, which was introduced by the ranking member of the Com-mittee on Homeland Security’s Sub-committee on Emergency Prepared-ness, Response, and Communications, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ). This bill recognizes the impor-
tant role played by Statewide Inter-operability Coordinators, SWICs. 
We have all witnessed the commu-
nications failures during the response to the September 11 terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina. Interoper-ability is vital during disaster re-sponse. 
However, despite investing more than 
$5 billion in grant funding to enhance communications capability over the past 10 years, interoperability remains a challenge. To address this challenge, States have appointed SWICs to ensure emergency response providers in their States have the ability to commu-nicate. 
SWICs complete Statewide Interoper-
able Communications Plans, ensure grant investments are coordinated statewide, and oversee communica-tions projects. Many SWICs also serve as the State point of contact to FirstNet for the design and construc-tion of the Public Safety Broadband Network. 
H.R. 2206 requires Governors to cer-
tify, as part of their applications for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.053 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5507 July 27, 2015 
State Homeland Security grant pro-
grams, that they have designated a person to serve as the SWIC or, if not, that the functions of a SWIC are being carried out in another manner. 
The Committee on Homeland Secu-
rity approved H.R. 2206 in May by a bi-partisan voice vote. I urge Members to join me in supporting this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I rise in strong support of H.R. 2206, the State Wide Interoperable Communications Enhancement Act. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a great privilege to 
be here with my colleague and friend from New York. This legislation, intro-duced by Congressman D
ONALD PAYNE , 
will help prevent Federal grant dollars from being spent on communications equipment that will not advance the goal of interoperability. 
After the September 11 attack, inter-
operable communications failures were identified as a factor that complicated first responders’ efforts. In the imme-diate aftermath, Congress appropriated millions of dollars in grant funds to ad-dress national response capability gaps, including interoperable commu-nications. 
Unfortunately, millions of dollars 
were invested on interoperable commu-nications equipment before State and local governments had developed the strategies, plans, and governance structures to ensure that the invest-ments would actually advance their interoperability goals. 
Nearly 10 years ago, when interoper-
ability challenges plagued the Hurri-cane Katrina response, one of the major takeaways was that spending millions of dollars on the interoper-ability problem does not yield results unless there are mechanisms in place for coordination. 
In response to that tough lesson, 
Congress, in 2006, authorized the cre-ation of the Office of Emergency Com-munications within the Department of Homeland Security and tasked the of-fice with developing a National Emer-gency Communications Plan. 
The first plan, which was released in 
2008, set as a milestone for every State the designation of a full-time State-wide Interoperability Coordinator. This was a major recommendation from first responders across the Nation. 
States initially met the goal of ap-
pointing full-time SWICs, and we saw the benefits firsthand during the re-sponse to the Boston Marathon bomb-ings. 
In the years and months leading up 
to that day, the Massachusetts SWIC had engaged in significant planning ac-tivities and had coordinated with orga-nizations at the Federal, State, and local levels to exercise the emergency communications capabilities. 
As a result of the high performance 
of the emergency communications sys-tems, lives were saved that day in Bos-ton. Due to recent budgetary pressures, 
however, the number of States that maintain dedicated full-time SWICs has dwindled. SWICs are charged with overseeing the daily operation of the State’s interoperability efforts, coordi-nating interoperability and commu-nications projects, maintaining gov-ernance structures, and implementing Statewide Communications Interoper-ability Plans. 
H.R. 2206 seeks to maintain the gov-
ernance structures and coordination activities that have helped guide inter-operable communications investments since Hurricane Katrina. 
Nationwide, over $13 billion of Fed-
eral money has been spent on devel-oping robust interoperable communica-tions capabilities, and the goal still has not been achieved. 
But we have made progress, and we 
cannot fall backwards by losing the governance and coordination that en-sures we are making sound invest-ments in emergency communications. 
H.R. 2206 requires that States, in 
some way, are overseeing emergency communications investments to ensure that the systems are interoperable. 
On behalf of the Emergency Pre-
paredness Subcommittee Ranking Member P
AYNE , I would like to thank 
full Committee Chairman M IKE 
MCCAUL, Ranking Member T HOMPSON , 
and Subcommittee Chairman M CSALLY  
for supporting this measure and for helping to bring it to the floor today. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting H.R. 2206, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I have no further speakers, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2206 will protect 
the progress we have made toward achieving nationwide interoperable emergency communications and pre-vent money from being wasted on in-vestments that will not advance that goal. 
SWICs play a critical role in coordi-
nating emergency communications in-vestments and policies at the State level, and it is important that this work continue. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I want to commend Ranking Member P
AYNE and Chairman M ARTHA  
MCSALLY for their efforts on this. 
I, again, urge my colleagues to sup-
port H.R. 2206, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 2206, the State Wide Interoperable Communications Enhancement Act, which would establish a grant program to preserve and strengthen interoperable emer-gency communications capabilities for local and state first responders. 
The bill requires a state to include in its ap-
plication for State Homeland Security Grant Program funding a certification: That the governor of the state has des-
ignated a Statewide Interoperability Coordi-nator; or 
Indicating that the state is performing the 
functions of such a Coordinator in another manner and identifying the primary point of contact for performance of such functions. 
The bill would establish the role of State 
Interoperability Coordinator as: 
Overseeing the daily operations of the 
state’s interoperability efforts; 
Coordinating state interoperability and com-
munications projects and grant applications for such projects; 
Establishing and maintaining working groups 
to develop and implement key interoperability initiatives; and 
Implementing and updating a Statewide 
Communications Interoperability Plan that specifies the current status of state efforts to enhance communications interoperability with-in the state, including future goals for commu-nications interoperability among emergency re-sponse agencies in the state. 
The bill would formalize the role of the State 
Wide Interoperability Coordinator to ensure that there was a single point of contact in each state. 
The bill will assist in establishing a single 
point of contact for Statewide interoperability for state and local first responders; Second, the legislation is necessary to create a seam-less level of communication between the De-partment of Homeland Security and states to ensure that communications regarding terrorist attacks, natural or manmade disasters are managed appropriately. 
As a senior member of the House Com-
mittee on Homeland Security, I am well aware, as are many of my colleagues, of the essential and lifesaving role of communications during a crisis. 
Because the tragedy of September 11, 
2001, was compounded by communication failures among the brave first responders who entered the burning towers that comprised the World Trade Center it has been an imperative of the Homeland Security Committee to ad-dress first responder communication interoper-ability challenges. 
The number of first responders lost on that 
single day was the greatest loss of first re-sponders at any single event in U.S. History: 343 New York City Fire Department fire-fighters; 23 New York City Police Department Officers; 37 Port Authority Police Department officers, 15 EMTs and 3 court officers were casualties of the attacks. 
The need for this bill authored by Congress-
man P
AYNE is evident. 
The City of Houston covers over a 1,000 
square mile region in Southeast Texas. It has a night-time population of nearly two million people, which peaks with over three million daytime inhabitants. 
The city of Houston’s 9–1–1 Emergency 
Center manages nearly 9,000 emergency calls per day. The volume of emergency calls can easily double during times of inclement weath-er or special City social/sporting events like Hurricanes Ike in September 2008; and Katrina as well as Rita, which occurred in September and October of 2005. 
Annually, one out of every ten citizens uses 
EMS. 
There are over 200,000 EMS incidents in-
volving over 225,000 patients or potential pa-tients annually. On the average, EMS re-sponds to a citizen every 3 minutes. Each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.055 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5508 July 27, 2015 
EMS response is made by one of 88 City of 
Houston EMS vehicles. 
In 2013, the City of Houston’s fire Depart-
ment lost Captain EMT Matthew Renaud, En-gineer Operator EMT Robert Bebee, Fire-fighter EMT Robert Garner and Probationary Firefighter Anne Sullivan when they responded to a hotel fire. 
Each member of the House of Representa-
tives knows of the loss of a first responder who was going to the aid of those in harm’s way.This bill will offer additional resources to the first responders of the Department of Homeland Security. 
This bill will ensure that a critical commu-
nication element for our nation’s first respond-ers and the role of the Department of Home-land Security in providing them with support is addressed. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in 
favor of H.R. 2206. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 2206, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1715 
VETERANS ENTREPRENEURSHIP 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2499) to amend the Small Business Act to increase access to capital for vet-eran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
as follows: 
Senate amendment: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 4. BUSINESS LOANS PROGRAM. 
(a) S ECTION 7(a) F UNDING LEVELS .—The third 
proviso under the heading ‘‘ BUSINESS LOANS  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT ’’ under the heading ‘‘S MALL  
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION ’’ under title V of di-
vision E of the Consolidated and Further Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235; 128 Stat. 2371) is amended by striking ‘‘$18,750,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$23,500,000,000’’. 
(b) L
OANLIMITATIONS .—Section 7(a)(1) of the 
Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘No financial assistance’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—No financial assistance’’; 
and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) L
IQUIDITY .—On and after October 1, 
2015, the Administrator may not guarantee a loan under this subsection if the lender deter-mines that the borrower is unable to obtain credit elsewhere solely because the liquidity of the lender depends upon the guaranteed portion of the loan being sold on the secondary mar-ket.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) L
ENDING LIMITS OF LENDERS .—On and 
after October 1, 2015, the Administrator may not guarantee a loan under this subsection if the 
sole purpose for requesting the guarantee is to allow the lender to exceed the legal lending limit of the lender.’’. 
(c) R
EPORTING .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
(A) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Ad-
ministrator of the Small Business Administra-tion; 
(B) the term ‘‘business loan’’ means a loan 
made or guaranteed under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)); 
(C) the term ‘‘cancellation’’ means that the 
Administrator approves a proposed business loan, but the prospective borrower determines not to take the business loan; and 
(D) the term ‘‘net dollar amount of business 
loans’’ means the difference between the total dollar amount of business loans and the total dollar amount of cancellations. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—During the 3-year period 
beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives a quarterly report regarding the loan programs carried out under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)), which shall include— 
(A) for the fiscal year during which the report 
is submitted and the 3 fiscal years before such fiscal year— 
(i) the weekly total dollar amount of business 
loans; 
(ii) the weekly total dollar amount of can-
cellations; 
(iii) the weekly net dollar amount of business 
loans— 
(I) for all business loans; and (II) for each category of loan amount de-
scribed in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of section 7(a)(18) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(18)); 
(B) for the fiscal year during which the report 
is submitted— 
(i) the amount of remaining authority for 
business loans, in dollar amount and as a per-centage; and 
(ii) estimates of the date on which the net dol-
lar amount of business loans will reach the max-imum for such business loans based on daily net lending volume and extrapolations based on year to date net lending volume, quarterly net lending volume, and quarterly growth trends; 
(C) the number of early defaults (as deter-
mined by the Administrator) during the quarter covered by the report; 
(D) the total amount paid by borrowers in 
early default during the quarter covered by the report, as of the time of purchase of the guar-antee; 
(E) the number of borrowers in early default 
that are franchisees; 
(F) the total amount of guarantees purchased 
by the Administrator during the quarter covered by the report; and 
(G) a description of the actions the Adminis-
trator is taking to combat early defaults admin-istratively and any legislative action the Admin-istrator recommends to address early defaults. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) and the gentle-
woman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Ohio. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their legislative remarks and include extraneous materials in the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Two weeks ago, on July 13, this 
Chamber overwhelmingly passed H.R. 2499. This legislation provides greater assistance to our veteran entre-preneurs by making Small Business Administration, SBA, loans more af-fordable for veterans. 
It permanently waives the up-front 
fee charged by the SBA to borrowers through the agency’s 7(a) Express loan program without imposing any addi-tional costs on taxpayers. 
As my colleagues are aware, the 
SBA’s 7(a) loan guarantee program is vital for small businesses to get the capital needed for growth of the Amer-ican economy. As the economic out-look begins to brighten, more small businesses than ever before are taking advantage of this program. 
Despite a significant increase in de-
mand over the past several months, Congress was not notified until June 25 that the program was dangerously close to its authorized lending author-ity of $18.75 billion and might surpass it prior to the end of the fiscal year. 
Such eleventh hour notification 
makes it difficult for Congress to act. Yet, Congress is acting swiftly to help America’s small businesses, businesses that no longer could get SBA-guaran-teed loans as of noon on July 23, when the SBA reached its authorized limit. 
I want to thank my counterparts in 
the other body for working quickly to resolve this matter and offering an amendment to H.R. 2499, the veterans bill. 
This amendment ensures that the 
SBA will have sufficient authority to guarantee loans through the end of the fiscal year. This increase comes at no cost to the taxpayer. Let me repeat that. At no cost to the taxpayer. 
That is because the fees paid by the 
users of the program—not taxpayers— cover the costs of the program. This is a win-win situation, as this will allow banks to continue offering 7(a) loans. 
Further, this amendment also en-
sures that, from now on, Congress will be informed on a regular basis about the status of a loan program and lend-ing authority limits. 
This will ensure that Congress can 
address the situation in a timelier manner and inquire of the SBA what steps it might use administratively to ameliorate a situation in which the agency might exceed its lending au-thorization level. 
The amendment ensures that we do 
not repeat the experience of the pre-vious 2 years, where Congress at the eleventh hour had to scramble for a so-lution because it wasn’t notified by the SBA of its problem until the last minute. 
This is truly a time-sensitive issue 
that needs to be corrected today. Be-tween noon and 2:30 on July 23, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.023 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5509 July 27, 2015 
SBA stated that it had 315 new loans 
totaling $220 million waiting in the queue. These are small firms who need the money in hand now to grow their companies and create jobs. 
I want to take the time to highlight 
that this legislation would not have come together without extraordinary bipartisan, bicameral efforts. 
I would like to thank Senator V
IT-
TER, the chairman of the Senate Com-
mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship, for his leadership on this issue. 
He worked tirelessly over the past 
few weeks to develop a solution that would be acceptable to the Senate and to the House. 
I would also like to thank Senators 
R
ISCH, SHAHEEN , PETERS , and C OONS , 
who each cosponsored the amendment. 
Further, on this side of the Capitol, I 
would be remiss if I did not mention the efforts of the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. C
RENSHAW ), who will be speak-
ing here soon, and the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
ERRANO ) and their ex-
pertise and assistance in resolving this matter. 
And I wanted to offer a special 
thanks to our committee’s ranking member, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ), for her insight 
and leadership. 
In addition to offering the bill H.R. 
3132, to increase the lending authority, she was steadfast in her efforts to re-peatedly warn the SBA that continuing to issue 7(a) loan guarantees for the maximum amount allowed by statute, yet failing to take administrative ac-tion to manage loan guarantees as the SBA crept closer to its lending author-ity, could result in a cessation of the lending. 
The ranking member and her staff 
were extremely helpful in bringing this matter to a resolution and are to be commended for helping to craft a strong, bipartisan product, which is what we are dealing with here today. 
This legislation, as amended by the 
Senate, provides two critical items for the 7(a) program. It allows us to sup-port veteran entrepreneurs for years to come at no cost by waiving fees, and it ensures that the program continues to run, since waiving fees on a program that can no longer offer loans doesn’t help anyone. It is a smart, common-sense approach which passed the Sen-ate by unanimous consent. 
I urge my colleagues to concur in the 
Senate amendment to the bill H.R. 2499, as amended, by the Senate. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
For the past 4 years, our Nation has 
faced economic headwinds, but was able to break through and strengthen considerably. 
In that time, over 12 million jobs 
have been created, the stock market has come roaring back, and optimism in the small business sector has re-turned to prerecession levels. As we all know, small businesses are 
the driving force in our Nation’s econ-omy, creating two out of three new jobs and producing roughly 50 percent of our GDP. In order to fulfill that role, they need capital. 
One option is SBA’s 7(a) Loan Pro-
gram, which has been very popular over the past 2 years. In 2014, the pro-gram made over 52,000 loans, totaling $19 billion, one of its best years since 2007. SBA carried that momentum into 2015, growing another 20 percent over-all, which brings us to today. 
Due to this unexpected robust lend-
ing activity, SBA learned it will reach its $18.75 billion lending cap before the end of the year, cutting off thousands of borrowers. 
The chairman is totally correct when 
he talks about the issue of SBA not no-tifying Congress in the proper time. 
Last week I introduced H.R. 3132 to 
raise the cap to $23.5 billion, giving SBA over $4 billion in additional au-thority to provide capital to deserving small businesses. Unfortunately, the cap was reached on Thursday before we could get that bill to the floor. 
Today’s bill includes my language to 
raise the lending cap to $23.5 billion. It will mean a significant capital infusion into the economy. 
With these types of loans flowing 
again, small companies will have more resources to expand their facilities, re-invest in their operations, and create jobs. 
When a small manufacturer can ac-
cess these loans, they can build addi-tional warehouse space, creating both short-term and long-term employment opportunities. 
Restaurants and retailers can use 
this capital to pay vendors, freeing up funding to keep employees on their payrolls, and potentially hire more workers. 
This bill does require additional re-
porting requirements and other changes at SBA. While I would have liked to have seen a clean increase in the authorization level, we all recog-nize the critical role the 7(a) program plays. This compromise will turn the spigot back on, helping entrepreneurs grow and create jobs. 
I want to thank Senators V
ITTER and 
SHAHEEN , Leader P ELOSI , Ranking 
SERRANO , and especially Chairman 
CHABOT for working in a bipartisan 
manner to bring this bill to the floor. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
REN-
SHAW ), who is the chairman of the Sub-
committee on Financial Services and General Government of the Committee on Appropriations. 
Mr. CRENSHAW. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding the time. 
Mr. Speaker, as has been pointed out, 
this is legislation that is the result of the hard work of the Small Business Committee here in the House, the Ap-propriations Committee here in the House, along with the United States Senate. What this does, as has been pointed 
out, is simply allows the 7(a) lending program to continue on. It is a pro-gram that doesn’t cost the taxpayers any money, and, yet, it allows the Small Business Administration to lend money to thousands of small busi-nesses all across this country to keep the economy growing, to keep jobs being created. 
And as chairman of the sub-
committee that oversees and funds this 
program, the SBA, let me assure my colleagues that this will not require any additional appropriations this year. 
It would simply lift the cap, as has 
been pointed out, let this continue on, and, again, do the good job that the SBA does. 
So I urge my colleagues to support 
this. I thank everyone involved that has worked in such a timely manner to make this happen so quickly so that we don’t interrupt the lending that goes on. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ). 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 2499, the Vet-erans Entrepreneurship Act of 2015. 
The Small Business Administration 
7(a) Loan Program is a critical source of capital for America’s entrepreneurs and is SBA’s largest and most impor-tant program in terms of the number of loans and programs supported. 
My home State of Michigan, where I 
am proud to serve as the congressional Representative, has benefited greatly from the SBA 7(a) Loan Program. 
In fiscal year 2013, the SBA guaran-
teed nearly 2,000 loans to Michigan small businesses through the 7(a) Loan Program for more than $500 million. Michigan ranked second in the Nation that year for all SBA loans. 
Even better, in fiscal year 2014, the 
SBA guaranteed more than 2,000 loans to Michigan small businesses, for more than $600 million. This was an increase of 17 percent over the previous fiscal year. 
This immensely successful program 
continues to show strong success, with loan volume up 20 percent this year over last year. 
Unfortunately, the lending cap estab-
lished in the 2015 omnibus appropria-tions bills of about $18 billion was reached last week. 
That means that roughly $3 billion in 
loan programs needed for small Amer-ican businesses have been stalled, put-ting America’s entrepreneurs at a seri-ous financial risk. 
H.R. 2499 will reopen the crucially 
needed 7(a) Loan Program for Amer-ica’s small businesses and provide a fee waiver for our Nation’s veterans who are seeking new careers after service to our country. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of this 
bill that would raise the cap of 7(a) loans to over $23 billion. 
I want to thank the chairman and 
the ranking member for their leader-ship on this issue. I strongly urge my 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.059 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5510 July 27, 2015 
colleagues to join me in supporting the 
underlying bill. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. T
AKAI), the ranking mem-
ber on the Contracting and Workforce Subcommittee. 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, first of all, 
I would like to thank Chairman C
HABOT and Ranking Member 
VELA´ZQUEZ for this opportunity. 
Mr. Speaker, on Friday, the 7(a) pro-
gram reached its loan guarantee pro-gram limit for the year. As a result, the Small Business Administration was forced to suspend its 7(a) small busi-ness lending until the start of the new fiscal year or until such time as the 7(a) program is reauthorized or in-creased by Congress. 
b1730 
Over 20 of my colleagues joined me in 
sending a letter to Speaker B
OEHNER  
asking to bring this legislation to the floor to raise this limit before Congress goes on its August work period break. 
While I am thankful that we are fi-
nally doing this, it only speaks to the pattern of inaction that has plagued us here in Congress. Right now, because of this inaction, small businesses across the country are facing the uncertainty of where their next loan will come from. 
Lenders use the 7(a) program to fund 
working capital and other critical needs to small businesses, and the SBA provides a backstop by guaranteeing this loan in case the borrower defaults. 
Due to restrictive marketing condi-
tions, SBA programs like the 7(a) loan program have seen an increase in usage by small businesses, making it more imperative that the lending limit be increased for this program. As you know, Mr. Speaker, over 90 percent of the American businesses are considered small and make up the backbone of our Nation’s economy. 
It is critical to note that the 7(a) pro-
gram is funded entirely by guarantee fees paid by the program beneficiaries, not taxpayer dollars. Increasing this loan limit will not increase our na-tional debt or deficit, but it will mean that small businesses can get access to the credit they need to expand and cre-ate jobs in our communities. Without SBA loan options, millions of small businesses will have to resort to prac-tices not in their best interest. 
I came to Congress assuring my con-
stituents that we would break this pat-tern of crisis and do our jobs. This shouldn’t be a last-minute issue. Let’s be sure our small businesses have the resources they need to continue being the engine of our economy. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time. 
Evidence points to an economy that 
is slowly but surely on the mend. The Federal Reserve reports banks are 
more willing to lend and small business demand is clearly picking up at an ac-celerated pace. This month alone, SBA has guaranteed over $3 billion in the 7(a) program—an all-time record. 
Providing the Agency with additional 
lending authority will ensure credit-worthy firms will continue to have ac-cess to low cost capital for the rest of the fiscal year. 
I want to again thank Chairman 
C
HABOT for working with me to bring 
this bill to the floor. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume to close. 
Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank 
the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ), our ranking member on 
the Small Business Committee, for her cooperation and her hard work in mak-ing sure that we resolve this sticky issue and that small businesses across the country who need access to capital will get that access. So I definitely want to make sure that it is recognized that we have been working on this in a bipartisan and cooperative effort. 
I again want to stress that it is crit-
ical that we pass H.R. 2499 today for the benefit of both our veterans and also the benefit of the entire small business community, which right now is unable to obtain loans from the flag-ship SBA 7(a) lending program since last Friday. 
I would also note that there are re-
forms in this bill so that the SBA has to bring notice to Congress to let us know up front next time and not wait until the eleventh hour to notify Con-gress that they are in trouble. Hope-fully, this will resolve this so that we don’t see this in the future, that we will get notification on a fairly regular basis and not put the elected represent-
atives of the American people in this kind of dilemma where we have to act at the last minute and that we basi-cally put small businesses all across the country in jeopardy of not having access to loans. 
As we know, by pushing this forward 
along with the veterans bill, which, in essence, waived the fee that they would have had to pay so that veterans have access to loans that they need to grow a business or to create businesses since they have worn the uniform of our country, we certainly need to do every-thing we can to help them, and this bill does that as well. 
As has been mentioned by Mr. T
AKAI 
and others, this does not cost the tax-payers any additional dollars because the money for this is generated from the fees of those who take advantage of the program, so it is a win-win all around. 
I urge my colleagues to vote to con-
cur on the Senate amendment to H.R. 2499, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ) 
that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 2499. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 36 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) at 6 o’clock 
and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
S. 1482, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 1656, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 2770, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
NEED-BASED EDUCATIONAL AID 
ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1482) to improve and reauthor-ize provisions relating to the applica-tion of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 378, nays 0, not voting 55, as follows: 
[Roll No. 467] 
YEAS—378 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek 
Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Bost 
Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.060 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5511 July 27, 2015 
Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) 
Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) 
Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—55 
Amodei 
Bass Beatty Becerra Blum Brady (PA) Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cohen Conyers Fudge Gabbard Gibbs Gosar Green, Al Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Huelskamp 
Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Labrador Lee Lieu, Ted Love Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Maloney, Sean McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Nugent Pittenger Rangel 
Renacci Richmond Roskam Roybal-Allard Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Sires Slaughter Stewart Stivers Thompson (MS) Tiberi Tipton Turner Wagner Walden 
b1857 
Ms. M CCOLLUM changed her vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE FOR 
LAFAYETTE SHOOTING VICTIMS 
(Mr. BOUSTANY asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today with a heavy heart in the after-math of a terrible and horrific act of violence that killed two innocent vic-tims and injured nine others in my hometown of Lafayette, Louisiana, last Thursday night. 
Lafayette, my hometown, is known 
for its joie de vivre. We work together. We play hard together. It is a great community, close-knit, and has been recognized as the happiest city in America by an organization. 
But last Thursday our community 
was shaken to the core as a man, a lone gunman, opened fire at the Grand The-atre on Johnston Street, killing Jillian Johnson, a 31-year-old musician, local artist, and local businesswoman, and Mayci Breaux, 21, a radiology student. Nine others were injured in this at-tack; senseless, horrible violence. 
It would have been a lot worse if not 
for the heroics of our law enforcement, who moved promptly on the scene and got control of the situation. 
But I want to relay one other in-
stance of heroic activity. One school-teacher jumped in front of another schoolteacher to save her life and lit-
erally did. Both were injured. One of them had the wherewithal to hit the alarm to signal that something bad was happening. 
Last night I attended a vigil for the 
victims at the Cathedral of St. John the Evangelist, where our community took time to reflect upon the lives that were lost. 
Now, as our community tries to 
make sense and come to grips with what happened, I just simply ask my colleagues to stand with me and my colleagues from our Louisiana delega-tion and with the community of Lafay-ette for a moment of silence. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers will please stand and observe a moment of silence. 
f 
SECRET SERVICE IMPROVEMENTS 
ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1656) to provide for additional resources for the Secret Service, and to improve protections for restricted areas, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 365, nays 16, not voting 52, as follows: 
[Roll No. 468] 
YEAS—365 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps 
Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.027 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5512 July 27, 2015 
Forbes 
Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo 
Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—16 
Amash Babin Burgess Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Engel Grothman 
Jones Lummis Massie McClintock Mulvaney Rice (SC) 
Sanford Weber (TX) Yoho 
NOT VOTING—52 
Amodei 
Bass Beatty 
Becerra Blum 
Brady (PA) Butterfield 
Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cohen Conyers Fudge Gabbard Gibbs Gosar Green, Al Gutie´rrez 
Hinojosa Huelskamp Jackson Lee Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) 
Kirkpatrick Labrador Lee Lieu, Ted Love Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
McNerney Meeks Moore Nugent Pittenger Rangel Renacci Richmond Roskam 
Roybal-Allard Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Sires Slaughter Stewart Stivers Thompson (MS) Tiberi Tipton Turner Wagner Walden 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1902 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
KEEPING OUR TRAVELERS SAFE 
AND SECURE ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2770) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require certain maintenance of security-related tech-nology at airports, and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ATKO ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 380, nays 0, not voting 53, as follows: 
[Roll No. 469] 
YEAS—380 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa 
Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa 
Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez Linda T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.029 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5513 July 27, 2015 
NOT VOTING—53 
Amodei 
Bass Beatty Becerra Blum Brady (PA) Butterfield Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cleaver Cohen Conyers Fudge Gabbard Gibbs Gosar Green, Al Gutie´rrez Hinojosa 
Huelskamp Jackson Lee Jenkins (WV) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Labrador Lee Lieu, Ted Love Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
McNerney Meeks Moore Nugent Pittenger Rangel 
Renacci Richmond Roskam Roybal-Allard Rush Sanchez, Loretta Sewell (AL) Sires Slaughter Stewart Stivers Thompson (MS) Tiberi Tipton Turner Wagner Walden 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DOLD) (during the vote). There are 2 
minutes remaining. 
b1915 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
today I missed the following votes: S. 1482— Need-Based Educational Aid Act of 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill; H.R. 1656—Secret Service Improve-ments Act of 2015, as amended. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill; and H.R. 2770—Keeping our Travelers Safe and Secure Act, as amended. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, dur-
ing the votes on S. 1482, H.R. 1656 and H.R. 2770, I was inescapably detained and away handling important matters related to my Dis-trict and the State of Alabama. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on all of the aforementioned bills. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 
467 (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass S. 1482), 468 (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 1656), 469 (On Motion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, H.R. 2270), I was un-avoidably detained and did not cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted, ‘‘yea’’ on all three votes. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, today, July 
27, 2015, I was not present for rollcall votes Nos. 467, 468, or 469 due to weather-related travel delays. If I had been in attendance, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 467, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote 468, and ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 469. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on July 27, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 467, 468, and 469. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 427, REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECUTIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2015; PRO-VIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DUR-ING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 30, 2015, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 7, 2015; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the 
Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–230) on the resolution (H. Res. 380) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 427) to amend Chapter 8 of Title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law; providing for proceedings during the period from July 30, 2015, through September 7, 2015; and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMAN-
CIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CERE-MONY TO PRESENT THE CON-GRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE MONUMENTS MEN 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 64, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the con-
current resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 64 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRES-SIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE MONU-MENTS MEN. 
Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor 
Center is authorized to be used on October 22, 2015, for a ceremony to present the Con-gressional Gold Medal to the Monuments Men collectively, in recognition of their he-roic role in the preservation, protection, and restitution of monuments, works of art, and artifacts of cultural importance during and following World War II. Physical prepara-tions for the conduct of the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such condi-tions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed 
to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 836 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that Representative C
LARK of Massachusetts be removed as 
a cosponsor of H.R. 836. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
f 
VETERANS’ COMPENSATION COST- 
OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 675) to increase, effective as of December 1, 2015, the rates of compensation for veterans with serv-ice-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity com-pensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 675 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—COMPENSATION COST-OF-LIVING 
ADJUSTMENT 
Sec. 101. Increase in rates of disability com-
pensation and dependency and indemnity compensation. 
Sec. 102. Publication of adjusted rates. 
TITLE II—UNITED STATES COURT OF 
APPEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS 
Sec. 201. Extending temporary expansion of 
United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. 
Sec. 202. Recall of retired judges of United 
States Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims. 
Sec. 203. Life insurance program relating to 
judges of United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. 
Sec. 204. Voluntary contributions to enlarge 
survivors’ annuity. 
Sec. 205. Salaries of judges of United States 
Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims. 
Sec. 206. Selection of chief judge of United 
States Court of Appeals for Vet-erans Claims. 
TITLE III—IMPROVEMENT OF CLAIMS 
PROCESSING 
Sec. 301. Interim payments of compensation 
benefits under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. 
Sec. 302. Claims processors training. Sec. 303. Notice of average times for processing 
claims and percentage of claims approved. 
TITLE IV—OTHER MATTERS 
Sec. 401. Clarification of eligible recipients of 
certain accrued benefits upon death of beneficiary. 
Sec. 402. Observance of Veterans Day. 
TITLE I—COMPENSATION COST-OF-LIVING 
ADJUSTMENT 
SEC. 101. INCREASE IN RATES OF DISABILITY 
COMPENSATION AND DEPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSATION. 
(a) R ATEADJUSTMENT .—Effective on Decem-
ber 1, 2015, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall increase, in accordance with subsection (c), the dollar amounts in effect on November 30, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.035 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5514 July 27, 2015 
2015, for the payment of disability compensation 
and dependency and indemnity compensation under the provisions specified in subsection (b). 
(b) A
MOUNTS TOBEINCREASED .—The dollar 
amounts to be increased pursuant to subsection (a) are the following: 
(1) W
ARTIME DISABILITY COMPENSATION .— 
Each of the dollar amounts under section 1114 of title 38, United States Code. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL COMPENSATION FOR DEPEND -
ENTS.—Each of the dollar amounts under sec-
tion 1115(1) of such title. 
(3) C LOTHING ALLOWANCE .—The dollar amount 
under section 1162 of such title. 
(4) D EPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSA -
TION TO SURVIVING SPOUSE .—Each of the dollar 
amounts under subsections (a) through (d) of section 1311 of such title. 
(5) D
EPENDENCY AND INDEMNITY COMPENSA -
TION TO CHILDREN .—Each of the dollar amounts 
under sections 1313(a) and 1314 of such title. 
(c) D ETERMINATION OF INCREASE .— 
(1) P ERCENTAGE .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), each dollar amount described in sub-section (b) shall be increased by the same per-centage as the percentage by which benefit amounts payable under title II of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.) are increased effective December 1, 2015, as a result of a deter-mination under section 215(i) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)). 
(2) R
OUNDING .—Each dollar amount increased 
under paragraph (1), if not a whole dollar amount, shall be rounded to the next lower whole dollar amount. 
(d) S
PECIAL RULE.—The Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs may adjust administratively, consistent with the increases made under subsection (a), the rates of disability compensation payable to persons under section 10 of Public Law 85–857 (72 Stat. 1263) who have not received compensa-tion under chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 102. PUBLICATION OF ADJUSTED RATES. 
The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall pub-
lish in the Federal Register the amounts speci-fied in section 101(b), as increased under that section, not later than the date on which the matters specified in section 215(i)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 415(i)(2)(D)) are required to be published by reason of a deter-mination made under section 215(i) of such Act during fiscal year 2016. 
TITLE II—UNITED STATES COURT OF 
APPEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS 
SEC. 201. EXTENDING TEMPORARY EXPANSION 
OF UNITED STATES COURT OF AP-PEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS. 
Section 7253(i)(2) of title 38, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’. 
SEC. 202. RECALL OF RETIRED JUDGES OF 
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS. 
Paragraph (1) of section 7257(b) of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(1)(A) The chief judge may recall for further 
service on the Court a recall-eligible retired judge in accordance with this section. Such a recall shall be made upon written certification by the chief judge that substantial service is ex-pected to be performed by the retired judge for such period, not to exceed 90 days (or the equiv-alent), as determined by the chief judge to be necessary to meet the needs of the Court. 
‘‘(B)(i) A recall-eligible judge may request 
that the chief judge recall the recall-eligible judge for a period of service of not less than 90 days (or the equivalent). 
‘‘(ii) The chief judge shall approve a request 
made by a recall-eligible judge pursuant to clause (i) unless the chief judge certifies, in writing, that the Court does not have— 
‘‘(I) sufficient work to assign such recall-eligi-
ble judge during the period of recalled service; or ‘‘(II) sufficient resources to provide to such re-
call-eligible judge appropriate administrative and office support. 
‘‘(iii) At any time during the period of recalled 
service of a judge who is recalled pursuant to clause (i), the chief judge may terminate such recalled service if the chief judge makes a writ-ten certification described in clause (ii).’’. 
SEC. 203. LIFE INSURANCE PROGRAM RELATING 
TO JUDGES OF UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7281 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(j) For purposes of chapter 87 of title 5, a 
judge who is in regular active service and a judge who is retired under section 7296 of this title or under chapter 83 or 84 of title 5 shall be treated as an employee described in section 8701(a)(5) of title 5.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any payment made on or after the first day of the first applicable pay period beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 204. VOLUNTARY CONTRIBUTIONS TO EN-
LARGE SURVIVORS’ ANNUITY. 
Section 7297 of title 38, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(p)(1) A covered judge who makes an election 
under subsection (b) may purchase, in three- month increments, up to an additional year of service credit for each year of Federal judicial service completed, under the terms set forth in this section. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘covered 
judge’ means any of the following: 
‘‘(A) A judge in regular active service. ‘‘(B) A retired judge who is a recall-eligible re-
tired judge pursuant to subsection (a) of section 7257 of this title. 
‘‘(C) A retired judge who would be a recall-eli-
gible retired judge pursuant to subsection (a) of section 7257 but for— 
‘‘(i) meeting the aggregate recall service re-
quirements under subsection (b)(3) of such sec-tion; or 
‘‘(ii) being permanently disabled as described 
by subsection (b)(4) of such section.’’. 
SEC. 205. SALARIES OF JUDGES OF UNITED 
STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS. 
Section 7253(e) of title 38, United States Code, 
is amended by striking ‘‘district courts’’ and in-serting ‘‘courts of appeals’’. 
SEC. 206. SELECTION OF CHIEF JUDGE OF 
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR VETERANS CLAIMS. 
Section 7253(d) of title 38, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as sub-
paragraph (C); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the 
following new subparagraph (B): 
‘‘(B) are 64 years of age or under and have at 
least three years remaining in term of office; and’’; and 
(2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(2)(A) In any case in which there is no judge 
of the Court in regular active service who meets the requirements under paragraph (1), the judge of the Court in regular active service who is sen-ior in commission and meets subparagraph (A) or (B) and subparagraph (C) of paragraph (1) shall act as the chief judge. 
‘‘(B) In any case under subparagraph (A) of 
this paragraph in which there is no judge of the Court in regular active service who meets sub-paragraph (A) or (B) and subparagraph (C) of paragraph (1), the judge of the Court in regular active service who is senior in commission and meets subparagraph (C) shall act as the chief judge.’’. TITLE III—IMPROVEMENT OF CLAIMS 
PROCESSING 
SEC. 301. INTERIM PAYMENTS OF COMPENSATION 
BENEFITS UNDER LAWS ADMINIS-TERED BY THE SECRETARY OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 51 
of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 5127. Interim payments of compensation 
benefits 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In the case of a claim de-
scribed in subsection (b), prior to adjudicating the claim, the Secretary shall make interim pay-ments of monetary benefits to the claimant based on any disability for which the Secretary has made a decision or, with respect to such a disability that is not compensable, notify the claimant of the rating relating to such dis-ability. Upon the adjudication of the claim, the Secretary shall pay to the claimant any mone-tary benefits awarded to the claimant for the period of payment under section 5111 of this title less the amount of such benefits paid to the claimant under this section. 
‘‘(b) C
LAIM DESCRIBED .—A claim described in 
this subsection is a claim for disability com-pensation under chapter 11 of this title (includ-ing a claim regarding an increased rating)— 
‘‘(1) the adjudication of which requires the 
Secretary to make decisions with respect to two or more disabilities; and 
‘‘(2) for which, before completing the adju-
dication of the claim, the Secretary makes a de-cision with respect to a disability that would re-sult in the payment of monetary benefits to the claimant upon the adjudication of the claim.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end of the items relating to such subchapter the following new item: 
‘‘5127. Interim payments of compensation bene-
fits.’’. 
SEC. 302. CLAIMS PROCESSORS TRAINING. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs shall establish a training program to provide newly hired claims processors of the Department of Veterans Affairs with training for a period of not less than two years. In car-rying out such program, the Secretary shall identify successful claims processors of the De-partment who can assist in the training of newly hired claims processors. 
(b) A
BILITY TO PROCESS CLAIMS .—The Sec-
retary shall carry out the training program es-tablished under subsection (a) without increas-ing the amount of time in which claims are proc-essed by the Department. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take 
effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 303. NOTICE OF AVERAGE TIMES FOR PROC-
ESSING CLAIMS AND PERCENTAGE OF CLAIMS APPROVED. 
(a) P UBLIC NOTICE .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs shall post the information de-scribed in subsection (c)— 
(1) in a conspicuous place in each regional of-
fice and claims intake facilities of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and 
(2) on the Internet Web site of the Depart-
ment. 
(b) N
OTICE TO APPLICANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide 
to each person who submits a claim for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary before the person submits such claim— 
(A) notice of the information described in sub-
section (c); and 
(B) notice that the person is eligible to receive 
up to an extra year of benefits payments if the person files a claim that is fully developed. 
(2) A
CKNOWLEDGMENT OF RECEIPT OF NO -
TICE.—Each person who submits a claim for ben-
efits under the laws administered by the Sec-retary shall include in such application a signed form acknowledging that the person received the information described in subsection (c). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.031 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5515 July 27, 2015 
(c) I NFORMATION DESCRIBED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The information described in 
this subsection is the following: 
(A) The average processing time of the claims 
described in paragraph (2) and the percentage of such submitted claims for which benefits are awarded. 
(B) The percentage of each of the following 
types of submitted claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for which benefits are awarded: 
(i) Claims filed by veterans who authorized a 
veterans service organization to act on the vet-erans’ behalf under a durable power of attor-ney. 
(ii) Claims filed by veterans who authorized a 
person other than a veterans service organiza-tion to act on the veterans’ behalf under a dura-ble power of attorney. 
(iii) Claims filed by veterans who did not au-
thorize a person to act on the veterans’ behalf under a durable power of attorney. 
(2) C
LAIMS DESCRIBED .—The claims described 
in this paragraph are each of the following types of claims for benefits under the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs: 
(A) A fully developed claim that is submitted 
in standard electronic form. 
(B) A fully developed claim that is submitted 
in standard paper form. 
(C) A claim that is not fully developed that is 
submitted in standard electronic form. 
(D) A claim that is not fully developed that is 
submitted in standard paper form. 
(E) A claim that is not fully developed that is 
submitted in non-standard paper form. 
(3) U
PDATE OF INFORMATION .—The informa-
tion described in this subsection shall be up-dated not less frequently than once each fiscal quarter. 
TITLE IV—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 401. CLARIFICATION OF ELIGIBLE RECIPI-
ENTS OF CERTAIN ACCRUED BENE-FITS UPON DEATH OF BENEFICIARY. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY OF ESTATE .—Section 5121(a)(2) 
of title 38, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by inserting ‘‘, or estate,’’ after ‘‘person’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) The estate of the veteran (unless the es-
tate will escheat).’’. 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made 
by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to the death of an individual on or after the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 402. OBSERVANCE OF VETERANS DAY. 
(a) T WOMINUTES OF SILENCE .—Chapter 1 of 
title 36, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 145. Veterans Day 
‘‘The President shall issue each year a procla-
mation calling on the people of the United States to observe two minutes of silence on Vet-erans Day in honor of the service and sacrifice of veterans throughout the history of the Na-tion, beginning at— 
‘‘(1) 3:11 p.m. Atlantic standard time; ‘‘(2) 2:11 p.m. eastern standard time; ‘‘(3) 1:11 p.m. central standard time; ‘‘(4) 12:11 p.m. mountain standard time; ‘‘(5) 11:11 a.m. Pacific standard time; ‘‘(6) 10:11 a.m. Alaska standard time; and ‘‘(7) 9:11 a.m. Hawaii-Aleutian standard 
time.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 1 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘145. Veterans Day.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentle-
woman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each 
will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on H.R. 675, as amended. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to 
support H.R. 675, as amended. The bill includes several important provisions that would help our Nation’s veterans, including the annual COLA increase, changes to the Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, requirements for VA to pay accrued benefits to the estate of a deceased veteran, improvements to claims processing, and would encour-age Americans to observe 2 minutes of silence to honor our Nation’s heroes on Veterans Day. 
Mr. Speaker, many disabled veterans 
and their families depend on VA bene-fits to pay for their housing, their food, and other necessities. Therefore, it is absolutely essential that VA benefits keep pace with the rate of inflation so that our Nation’s heroes are able to make ends meet. 
The original text of H.R. 675, intro-
duced by the chairman of the Sub-committee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, Dr. Abraham, would authorize the annual COLA in-crease to veterans disability compensa-tion rates and other benefits. 
The amount of the increase will be 
determined by the Consumer Price Index, which also establishes the COLA for Social Security beneficiaries. 
H.R. 675, as amended, would also in-
corporate legislation that was origi-nally introduced by Representative C
OSTELLO that would modernize our 
Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, or CAVC, to ensure that the CAVC is able to meet the anticipated increase in the number of appeals that are com-ing over the next few years. 
To address this problem, the bill 
would extend the temporary expansion of the CAVC from seven to nine judges through 2020. The bill would also au-thorize the chief judge to recall retired judges to serve more than 90 days, if necessary. These two changes would help ensure that the CAVC is able to continue deciding cases in a timely fashion. 
Additionally, H.R. 675, as amended, 
would revise the qualifications for the chief judge and make CAVC judges eli-gible for the same salaries, life insur-ance programs, and retirement service credit benefits that are offered to other Federal appellate court judges. 
H.R. 675, as amended, also includes 
provisions introduced by Representa-tive T
ITUS that would help veterans 
who seek disability benefits for more than one medical condition. VA would 
be required to make interim payments for disabilities found to be service con-nected while the Department makes determinations with respect to claims for individual conditions that have yet to be adjudicated. 
Additionally, this bill would require 
VA to establish a 2-year training pro-gram that would help ensure claims processors have the skills necessary to accurately decide claims for bene-ficiaries. 
The bill would also address another 
serious problem for veterans and their families, which is that many veterans die before the VA is able to decide their claim for benefits. 
Processing a claim for benefits can 
often take years, and if a veteran dies before VA completes adjudication of the claim, VA currently pays any ac-crued benefits to qualifying family members, such as spouses, dependent children, and dependent parents. How-ever, if the veteran dies without any surviving qualifying family member, VA simply keeps the benefits. 
This legislation, however, includes 
language authorized by Representative Z
ELDIN to fix this problem by requiring 
that VA pay any accrued benefits to the estate of the veteran, unless the es-tate would escheat. This would ensure that adult children and other bene-ficiaries of the veteran’s estate will re-ceive the benefits to which the veteran was legally entitled. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, this bill incor-
porates a bill by my friend Representa-tive L
YNCH that would help remind the 
American public of the true meaning of Veterans Day. 
H.R. 675, as amended, would direct 
the President to issue an annual proc-lamation calling on the people of the United States to observe a 2-minute moment of silence in honor of our Na-tion’s veterans’ service and their sac-rifice. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I, too, rise in support of H.R. 675, as 
amended, which serves to provide an increase in the benefit payments for our veterans, as well as for their fami-lies and survivors. 
I thank the chairman and Ranking 
Member B
ROWN for their help and their 
work on this important legislation. 
Since 1976, Congress has consistently 
increased the rates of basic compensa-tion for disabled veterans and the rates of dependency and indemnity com-pensation, DIC, for their survivors and dependents. This is in order to keep pace with inflation. 
However, unlike Social Security 
cost-of-living adjustments, known commonly as COLAs, Congress must act each year to provide veterans with the benefit adjustments they deserve. This legislation will bring COLA in-creases for veterans to the same level as Social Security recipients for this year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.031 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5516 July 27, 2015 
This action is very important in the 
short term, but I look forward to the House also considering H.R. 677, the American Heroes COLA Act of 2015, which I introduced, along with Chair-man A
BRAHAM . This would eliminate 
the possibility of congressional grid-lock ensnaring the yearly COLA ad-justments by making the increases 
automatic, just like they are for Social Security. 
I would like to highlight an addi-
tional provision included in H.R. 675 that will also help ensure our veterans receive the benefits they have earned in a more timely fashion. Title 3 of this legislation is the text of H.R. 1414, the Pay As You Rate Act, which I intro-duced earlier this year. 
The VA pays veterans when their 
complete claim has been reviewed and processed. The Pay as You Rate Act would expedite the benefit claims proc-ess for veterans by requiring the VA to pay benefits to veterans as individual components of their claims are re-viewed, rather than at the completion of the entire claim. 
The average benefits claim for our 
Iraq and Afghanistan veterans con-tained over eight separate components. Each medical condition is individually adjudicated, but the veteran only be-gins receiving benefits when the entire claim has been processed. 
The Pay as You Rate Act is a com-
monsense change that will help reduce the backlog and provide veteran fami-lies much-needed financial support. I am pleased it has been included as part of H.R. 675. 
This legislation also includes H.R. 
2139, introduced by Representative O’R
OURKE , which requires the VA to in-
form veterans of the expected turn-around for VA’s various methods of fil-ing a benefits claim. The intent of this legislation is to aid veterans as they determine the most appropriate man-ner for filing their benefits claim. 
Lastly, included in this bill is H.R. 
995, introduced by Representative L
YNCH . This legislation would honor 
our veterans by formalizing a Veterans Day moment of silence across the Na-tion. 
Again, I thank the chairman and sub-
committee Chairman A
BRAHAM for 
their work on behalf of our Nation’s heroes, and I look forward to con-
tinuing to work with them in a bipar-tisan fashion to ensure that all our Na-tion’s veterans are receiving the bene-fits they have earned and they deserve. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I am happy at this time to yield 4 min-utes to the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ), from the Sixth 
District of Pennsylvania, who is a member of our committee. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 675, the Veterans’ Compensation Cost of Living Adjustment Act of 2015. I ap-plaud Chairman M
ILLER , subcommittee 
Chairman A BRAHAM , and our com-
mittee staff for bringing this common-sense legislation to the floor today. First, Mr. Speaker, this bill would 
take a commonsense step to ensure that veterans disability benefits are el-igible for cost-of-living adjustments, much like our seniors are eligible for Social Security benefit adjustments. 
Next, Mr. Speaker, this bill would 
take steps towards ensuring that our veterans are able to receive more time-ly and prompt review of their benefit appeals. 
This legislation contains my legisla-
tion that I introduced earlier this year, H.R. 1067, the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims Reform Act. 
b1930 
This measure is a proactive step to 
ensure that the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, known as the CAVC, is able to meet the growing de-mand for review of veterans’ claims benefits. 
Not only would H.R. 675 ensure that 
we have an adequate number of appel-late judges to handle current and fu-ture demand, but it would also ensure that we continue to attract qualified and capable individuals to serve our veterans on this critical panel. 
Mr. Speaker, as you know, particu-
larly from my vantage point, the Philadelphia VA regional office has been plagued with claims backlogs, data manipulation, and excessive wait times. It is not only happening at this VA facility. As we continue to fix this mess, we need to make sure that we do all we can to promote and support effi-ciency within the VA and to ensure 
that there is no additional interruption in the benefits review process and serv-ice provided to our veterans. 
To provide a little background, in 
November 1988, President Ronald Reagan signed the Veterans’ Judicial Review Act into law, which established the CAVC as a court of record within the Federal judiciary. The court has exclusive appellate jurisdiction over decisions of the Board of Veterans’ Ap-peals, and it plays a critical role in en-suring the timely and accurate review of veterans’ claims. 
Currently, the court is authorized to 
have seven permanent judges and two temporary additional judges; but ab-sent legislative action, the court is ex-pected to revert back to its permanent seven judges without the two addi-tional temporary judges. In order to handle the increase in claims, this leg-islation would enable the court to maintain nine judges through 2020. 
As we continue to see reports of mis-
management, data manipulation, ex-cessive wait times, and lost claims, it is imperative that this measure, as in-cluded in H.R. 675, is passed to proactively address potential complica-tions that could hinder the effective-ness and efficiency of the CAVC to re-view and process veterans’ claims. I en-courage my colleagues to pass H.R. 675. 
I thank the gentleman from Lou-
isiana for introducing the legislation and for working with members of the committee to get this well-rounded, commonsense legislation to the floor. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the Fifth District of Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ), the chairman of a very 
critical subcommittee on our Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Speaker, as chairman of the Dis-
ability Assistance and Memorial Af-fairs Subcommittee, I would like to thank the Veterans’ Affairs Committee as a whole and leadership on their role in getting this important bill to the floor. 
I am proud to have introduced the 
Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2015, which is also known as COLA. 
The bill provides a cost-of-living ad-
justment increase to the veterans’ dis-ability compensation and other vet-
erans’ benefits for 2016. The amount of the increase is the same given to Social Security beneficiaries. 
We all understand how important it 
is for the VA benefits to keep pace with the rate of inflation, and our Nation’s veterans depend on these benefits to pay for housing, food, and other neces-sities. Congress has previously passed similar increases with wide bipartisan support because both parties see the need in making sure that our American heroes are cared for, which they most markedly deserve. 
I would also like to thank the rank-
ing member, Representative T
ITUS, for 
her support as an original cosponsor of H.R. 675. 
These benefits are instrumental in 
supporting those who have honorably served our Nation. Passing the Vet-erans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2015 provides our veterans with much-needed peace of mind so that they know their benefits will be secure each year. 
We must demand the highest protec-
tion of our veterans and their financial security. Our veterans are our Nation’s heroes; and this bill, which enjoys bi-partisan support, gives Congress a chance to give back to those who have already given so much. I urge the full passage of this bill, H.R. 675. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the First District of the State of New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), another valued 
member of our committee. 
Mr. ZELDIN. I thank the chairman 
for his leadership on the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee and for his unyielding passion toward always putting vet-erans first. 
I thank the great staff as well on 
both sides of the aisle with the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. It is a pleas-ure to serve with all of them. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening in 
support of H.R. 675, which has been amended to include my bill, H.R. 1569, the Veterans Estate Transfer to Sur-vivors Act, or the VETS Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.071 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5517 July 27, 2015 
I am honored to represent the First 
Congressional District of New York, which is located on the east end of Long Island. My district is in the Coun-ty of Suffolk, which has the largest veterans population of any county in New York and the second highest in the entire country. With so many vet-erans in my home county, I am ex-tremely proud to serve on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
With the passage of H.R. 675, the Vet-
erans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2015, which has been amended to include my bill, H.R. 1569, veterans are securing a big victory here in the Halls of Congress. 
The VETS Act is a commonsense re-
form to the VA benefit payouts that will help veterans and their families on Long Island and across the country as my legislation would require the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to pay certain benefits that were earned by a veteran to the veteran’s estate. 
Under current law, if a veteran 
passes away while the VA is still re-viewing a claim, the VA no longer has to award the earned benefits. Cur-rently, only a veteran’s spouse, minor child, or dependent parent is eligible to collect the accrued benefits. By adding the estate to the current list of bene-ficiaries, adult children can now also receive the benefits earned should there be no other qualifying family members. 
My bill ensures our veteran families, 
who rightfully earned and deserve their benefits, actually receive their benefits even after the veteran passes away. I encourage all of my colleagues to sup-port H.R. 675. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
further requests for time. I simply urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 675, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I also urge the passage of H.R. 675, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H.R. 675, the Veterans’ Compensa-tion Cost of Living Adjustment Act and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of it. 
This is an important bill that provides a crit-
ical cost-of-living increase for the service-con-nected disability compensation that our dis-abled veterans need and deserve. In addition, it makes other needed changes to a number of programs administered by the VA to ensure that they better meet the needs of our vet-erans and their families. 
I am pleased that H.R. 675, as amended by 
the Veterans Affairs Committee, includes the text of my bill, H.R. 995, the ‘‘Veterans Day Moment of Silence Act.’’ This bipartisan legis-lation calls for two minutes of silence every Veterans Day. Its set time of 2:11 p.m., East-ern Standard Time, allows all Americans from coast to coast and Puerto Rico to come to-gether to reflect on the service of our vet-erans, past and present. Generations of brave men and women have served our nation with honor: risking their lives to keep us safe and free. They deserve our support and, most of all our gratitude. Mr. Speaker, there are few words that can 
do justice to the magnitude of what our servicemembers have done throughout our history, and continue to do for us every day. They leave their families and loved ones be-hind, and go to some of the world’s most dan-gerous places. They risk their health and their lives to serve and defend the nation we all love. I have had the honor and pleasure of meeting with some of them in my travels abroad and I am always moved by their dedi-cation, their professionalism, and their cour-age. 
I would like to thank Veterans Affairs Com-
mittee Chairman M
ILLER and Ranking Member 
BROWN for including the language of ‘‘The Vet-
erans Day Moment of Silence Act’’ to this bill. I also wish to recognize and thank the Bendetson family who first approached me with the concept of this tribute. Daniel and Mi-chael Bendetson, along with their father, Dr. Peter Bendetson, have worked tirelessly for years to bring this proposal to fruition. Finally, I would most like to thank all the veterans in my district and across America, in whose honor I am proud to have introduced this leg-islation. 
Once again, I urge my colleagues to support 
and pass H.R. 675. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 675, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RUTH MOORE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1607) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the dis-ability compensation evaluation proce-dure of the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1607 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ruth Moore Act 
of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORTS ON CLAIMS FOR DISABILITIES 
INCURRED OR AGGRAVATED BY MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter VI of chapter 11 
of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 1164. Reports on claims for disabilities in-
curred or aggravated by military sexual trauma 
‘‘(a) R
EPORTS .—Not later than December 1, 
2015, and each year thereafter through 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on 
covered claims submitted during the previous fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) The number of covered claims submitted 
to or considered by the Secretary during the fis-cal year covered by the report. 
‘‘(2) Of the covered claims listed under para-
graph (1), the number and percentage of such claims— 
‘‘(A) submitted by each sex; ‘‘(B) that were approved, including the num-
ber and percentage of such approved claims sub-mitted by each sex; and 
‘‘(C) that were denied, including the number 
and percentage of such denied claims submitted by each sex. 
‘‘(3) Of the covered claims listed under para-
graph (1) that were approved, the number and percentage, listed by each sex, of claims as-signed to each rating percentage. 
‘‘(4) Of the covered claims listed under para-
graph (1) that were denied— 
‘‘(A) the three most common reasons given by 
the Secretary under section 5104(b)(1) of this title for such denials; and 
‘‘(B) the number of denials that were based on 
the failure of a veteran to report for a medical examination. 
‘‘(5) The number of covered claims that, as of 
the end of the fiscal year covered by the report, are pending and, separately, the number of such claims on appeal. 
‘‘(6) For the fiscal year covered by the report, 
the average number of days that covered claims take to complete beginning on the date on which the claim is submitted. 
‘‘(7) A description of the training that the Sec-
retary provides to employees of the Veterans Benefits Administration specifically with respect to covered claims, including the frequency, length, and content of such training. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘covered claims’ means claims 
for disability compensation submitted to the Sec-retary based on a covered mental health condi-tion alleged to have been incurred or aggravated by military sexual trauma. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘covered mental health condi-
tion’ means post-traumatic stress disorder, anx-iety, depression, or other mental health diag-nosis described in the current version of the Di-agnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Dis-orders published by the American Psychiatric Association that the Secretary determines to be related to military sexual trauma. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘military sexual trauma’ means, 
with respect to a veteran, psychological trauma, which in the judgment of a mental health pro-fessional, resulted from a physical assault of a sexual nature, battery of a sexual nature, or sexual harassment which occurred during active military, naval, or air service.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘1164. Reports on claims for disabilities incurred 
or aggravated by military sexual trauma.’’. 
(3) I
NITIAL REPORT .—The Secretary of Vet-
erans Affairs shall submit to Congress an initial report described in section 1164 of title 38, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), by not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Such initial report shall be in addition to the annual reports required under such section beginning in December 2015. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs should update and improve the regulations of the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to military sexual trauma by— 
(1) ensuring that military sexual trauma is 
specified as an in-service stressor in determining the service-connection of post-traumatic stress disorder by including military sexual trauma as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.073 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5518 July 27, 2015 
a stressor described in section 3.304(f)(3) of title 
38, Code of Federal Regulations; and 
(2) recognizing the full range of physical and 
mental disabilities (including depression, anx-iety, and other disabilities as indicated in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders published by the American Psy-chiatric Association) that can result from mili-tary sexual trauma. 
(c) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION .—During the 
period beginning on the date that is 15 months after the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date on which the Secretary up-dates and improves regulations as described in subsection (b), the Secretary shall— 
(1) provide to each veteran who has submitted 
a covered claim or been treated for military sex-ual trauma at a medical facility of the Depart-ment with a copy of the report under subsection (a)(3) or section 1164 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), that has most recently been submitted to Congress; 
(2) provide on a monthly basis to each veteran 
who has submitted any claim for disability com-pensation or been treated at a medical facility of the Department information that includes— 
(A) the date that the Secretary plans to com-
plete such updates and improvements to such regulations; 
(B) the number of covered claims that have 
been granted or denied during the month cov-ered by such information; 
(C) a comparison to such rate of grants and 
denials with the rate for other claims regarding post-traumatic stress disorder; 
(D) the three most common reasons for such 
denials; 
(E) the average time for completion of covered 
claims; 
(F) the average time for processing covered 
claims at each regional office; and 
(G) any information the Secretary determines 
relevant with respect to submitting a covered claim; 
(3) in addition to providing to veterans the in-
formation described in paragraph (2), the Sec-retary shall make available on a monthly basis such information on a conspicuous location of the Internet website of the Department; and 
(4) submit to Congress on a monthly basis a 
report that includes— 
(A) a list of all adjudicated covered claims, in-
cluding ancillary claims, during the month cov-ered by the report; 
(B) the outcome with respect to each medical 
condition included in the claim; and 
(C) the reason given for any denial of such a 
claim. 
(d) M
ILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA DEFINED .—In 
this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘covered claim’’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 1164(c)(1) of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1). 
(2) The term ‘‘military sexual trauma’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 1164(c)(3) of title 38, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a)(1). 
SEC. 3. LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BONUSES 
PAID TO SENIOR EXECUTIVE EM-PLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 705 of the Veterans Access, Choice, 
and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘, of which, during fiscal years 2016 through 2018, not more than an aggregate amount of $2,000,000 in each such fiscal year may be paid to employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs who are members of the Senior Executive Service.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). Pursuant to 
the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) and the gentlewoman 
from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS) each will con-
trol 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to add any extraneous ma-terial that they may have on H.R. 1607, as amended. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I urge all Members to support H.R. 
1607, as amended, which would help vet-erans who are seeking benefits for con-ditions that arose as a result of mili-tary sexual trauma, or MST. 
Tragically, MST has been a serious 
problem in the U.S. military; although, in recent years, the DOD has been tak-ing steps to reduce these assaults. We owe it to our veterans who are subject to personal assaults during their mili-tary service to ensure that the VA ex-peditiously and accurately processes mental health claims for conditions re-lated to MST, such as depression, anx-iety, or PTSD. 
Several factors complicate the proc-
ess for veterans who seek disability compensation for mental health condi-tions that might arise from MST. The vast majority of sexual assaults in the military are not reported, and even fewer cases are actually prosecuted. As a result, many veterans find it hard to prove that the assaults actually oc-curred; therefore, service connection is often difficult to establish. 
H.R. 1607, as amended, which was in-
troduced by Representative P
INGREE , 
would also express the sense of Con-gress that the VA should update and improve its regulations with respect to MST. 
Although current VA regulations 
purport to reduce the burden of proof for veterans who file claims for PTSD, in practice, the VA claims processors do not use the broader standard of evi-dence when adjudicating claims related to MST. Moreover, these regulations do not address mental health conditions, with the exception of PTSD, that might arise as a result of military sex-ual trauma. 
To help Congress conduct better 
oversight of the VA’s processing of MST claims, H.R. 1607, as amended, would require the VA to submit annual reports through 2019. These reports would provide certain data, including the number of military sexual trauma claims approved. The VA would also be required to provide the three most common reasons the Department de-nies such claims. 
Until the VA updates and improves 
its regulations with respect to MST claims, the Department would be re-quired to provide each veteran who has submitted an MST claim or has been treated for MST with a copy of the re-port most recently submitted to Con-
gress. The VA would have to provide monthly updates on the status of the changes to the regulations to both Con-gress and the veterans who are af-fected. 
Finally, H.R. 1607, as amended, would 
limit awards and bonuses paid to the VA employees who are members of the Senior Executive Service to not more than an aggregate of $2 million for each of the next 3 years. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1607, as 
amended, the Ruth Moore Act of 2015. 
This very important legislation, 
which was introduced by my friend, Representative C
HELLIE PINGREE of 
Maine, seeks to improve services for the men and women who have been the victims of military sexual trauma. In particular, this legislation sends a loud and clear message to the VA by requir-ing the Department to update its regu-lations to better serve veterans af-fected by MST. 
Current VA regulations related to 
MST are outdated and do not reflect the needs of those who have lived through such awful experiences. The VA’s existing policy is to update regu-lations periodically as they see fit. However, information we have received indicates that the VA needs to do more for these veterans. 
Recently, the VA revised their regu-
lations in order to do the right thing for veterans exposed to Agent Orange on aircraft, which will result in better health care and benefits for those vet-erans who are suffering from exposure to the toxin. We now expect the VA to do the same thing for the men and women affected by military sexual trauma. They, too, deserve the proper health care and adequate benefits. They deserve them today, not tomor-row. 
As we provide for the victims of 
MST, however, we must also work on ways to both eliminate it from our armed services and change the culture of the military. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I have no further requests for time, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. P
INGREE ). 
b1945 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding and for her great work on this issue. 
I also want to thank Chairman M
IL-
LER, Chairman A BRAHAM , Ranking 
Member B ROWN , and my good friend, 
Ranking Member T ITUS, for all their 
work on this piece of bipartisan legisla-tion. I think it is clear this committee is truly working for our Nation’s vet-erans. 
Mr. Speaker, almost every day I hear 
from another veteran who is the sur-vivor of sexual assault in the military, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.034 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5519 July 27, 2015 
men and women of all ages and from 
every branch of the service. 
I have heard from survivors of sexual 
assault from World War II, the war in Afghanistan, and every conflict in every era in between. There are vet-erans who are suffering from PTSD be-cause they were sexually assaulted, and they are not being treated fairly. 
With this bill, we are fighting to hold 
the VA accountable and making sure that they are following through on their promises. 
The VA has acknowledged that PTSD 
from combat is a real injury and needs to be treated that way, and it should be the same for those who suffer from PTSD from sexual assault. 
A Pentagon report showed 19,000 
women and men were sexually as-saulted in the military just last year, but only about a quarter of those as-saults were reported and even fewer ended up with a prosecution. 
I am glad the Defense Department 
and the VA has increased training and prevention efforts around rape and har-assment, but let me be clear. As you have already heard, the problem is not fixed. 
Survivors of sexual assault have been 
blamed and harassed, crimes have been covered up, and survivors themselves have been the subject of further harass-ment and recrimination. In the latest Pentagon report, 62 percent of the indi-viduals who reported sexual assault have also reported retaliation. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to talk for a 
minute about a very brave woman, Ruth Moore, a veteran from Maine and the person who we named this bill for. 
Ruth fought for 23 years before she 
was finally given the benefits we owed her. When I met her in my office in Maine 4 years ago, she could barely tell her story. 
Bit by bit, she has rebuilt her trust of 
people in positions of responsibility to the point where she is able to tell her story publicly. There are thousands and thousands of Ruth Moores out there who have been fighting for their benefits for years or even decades. 
The Ruth Moore Act of 2015 is an im-
portant next step in ensuring that the VA treats these veterans fairly. To be clear, this bill does not create any new benefits for survivors of sexual assault or give special treatment to the sur-vivors of sexual assault. This bill just tries to level the playing field, to hold the VA accountable, and ensure these veterans are treated fairly. 
We were able to pass this bill in the 
last Congress, and I urge my colleagues to do so again this time around. This issue is too important. It cannot be ig-nored. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Mas-sachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ). 
Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the Ruth Moore Act. In 2012, 1 in 5 female and 1 in 100 male veterans told the VA that they had experienced sexual abuse while serving in the mili-
tary. 
Yet, despite egregious prevalence of 
sexual abuse in the military, it re-mains difficult for veterans to receive disability benefits as a result of their military sexual trauma. 
In 2013, the Service Women’s Action 
Network, the Yale Law School Vet-erans Legal Services Clinic, the ACLU, and the ACLU of Connecticut released a report that shows that veterans who experienced sexual assault have their benefits claims denied more often than veterans with other types of PTSD claims. 
The report also found the rate of 
granting these claims varied greatly, depending upon the VA regional office. 
The St. Paul, Minnesota, office 
granted only 26 percent of the MST claims they received, while the office in Los Angeles granted more than 88 percent of the claims they received. 
Last year the U.S. Government Ac-
countability Office backed up these findings. GAO found approval rates ranged from 14 percent to 88 percent at different regional offices. 
The GAO also found that some med-
ical examiners examining these claims required more evidence than others to establish these claims. 
The Ruth Moore Act we are consid-
ering today would require that the VA report data on military sexual trauma claims to Congress. 
While this reporting is a good step 
forward and could lead to more consist-ency and transparency in claims proc-essing, I am disappointed that we are not considering Representative P
IN-
GREE ’s original bill, which would have 
also made it easier for survivors of military sexual trauma to make their case and made the claims process more uniform. 
This bill is named after Ruth Moore, 
a Maine constituent of Representative P
INGREE who spent more than 20 years 
fighting for her own benefits. Other survivors should not be made to repeat her battle. 
I urge passage of this bill. Mr. MILLER of Florida. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I have no 
further speakers at this time. So I would just simply urge my colleagues to support passage of the Ruth Moore Act of 2015, H.R. 1607, as amended, and to provide support to the victims of MST who have so bravely served our Nation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I urge all Members to support H.R. 1607, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
IL-
LER) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1607, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 876. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observa-tion status rather than admitted as inpa-tients of such hospitals. 
f 
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES 
ACT 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
was the 25th anniversary of the Ameri-cans with Disability Act. I rise to thank the members of the Lake County Board for issuing a resolution desig-nating July 26, 2015, as Americans with Disabilities Act Awareness Day. 
The Americans with Disabilities Act 
was in response to an appalling prob-lem, widespread discrimination against people with disabilities. 
Over the past 25 years, the ADA has 
had a profound impact across our coun-try, requiring accessibility and ban-ning discrimination all across Amer-ica. 
In Lake County, we are fortunate to 
have many great organizations that provide resources to people with dis-abilities and their families. 
I particularly want to recognize the 
Lake County Center for Independent Living, an organization that provides free life skills training, employment training, and advocacy services to dis-abled individuals in our community. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join 
with the Lake County Board to cele-brate the Americans with Disabilities Act, and I remain committed to work-ing for policies that prohibit discrimi-nation of all kinds. 
f 
MEDICARE’S FIFTIETH 
ANNIVERSARY 
(Mr. TONKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, access to 
affordable, quality health care is a fun-damental value, and Medicare and Medicaid have helped millions of Amer-icans live with economic security and dignity for 50 years. 
President Lyndon Johnson signed 
Medicare and Medicaid into law in 1965 on the basic principles that access to health care is a right, not a privilege, and certainly no one should be forced into poverty because of healthcare costs. 
Thirty-four percent of those in New 
York’s capital region that I represent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.077 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5520 July 27, 2015 
depends on these programs, and we 
must do everything we can here in the House to strengthen Medicare and Med-icaid. 
No programs have changed the lives 
of Americans more over the last 50 years. We cannot strengthen these pro-grams. We cannot ensure the long-term survival of these programs by passing budgets that turn Medicaid into block grants or Medicare into a voucher sys-tem. 
Medicare and Medicaid save lives, 
help people live longer, and provide the peace of mind that comes with afford-able health care that is there when you need it most. 
Moving forward, I hope the House 
breaks with its recent tradition and works together to pass meaningful leg-islation that boosts these programs, like the Affordable Care Act. 
Happy 50th birthday, Medicare. 
Happy 50th birthday, Medicaid. Here’s to many, many more. 
f 
QUESTIONS FROM TEXANS ABOUT 
THE IRANIAN DEAL 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
have asked people on my Facebook page what they think about the Ira-nian deal. Here are a few of the 300 re-sponses. 
Tammy says: Why were our hostages 
left out of the negotiation? Why even trust Iran at all to live up to the deal when they hate America? 
John says: Why are there no Amer-
ican inspectors? Why no instant inspec-tions? 
Jacob says: Why are they doing a 
deal with the world’s number one state sponsor of terrorism? This used to be called treason. 
Carlos says: Ask them if they remem-
ber who Neville Chamberlain was and his policy toward Nazi Germany. Giv-ing into Iran has a very similar over-tone to what Chamberlain and the world did back then. 
Adam says: 24 days’ notice, no USA 
inspectors, no prisoners coming home? No inspection of their most lucrative site? China and Russia can sell them weapons? 
Mr. Speaker, the American public 
wants some candid answers. Tomorrow Mr. Kerry will testify before our For-eign Affairs Committee. Time for some frank, no-double-talk answers from the administration on this Iranian deal. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECOVERING MISSING CHILDREN 
ACT 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-
marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, one out 
of four child abductions in the United States are not committed by a strang-er, but instead are perpetrated by a rel-ative. 
An inspector general’s report has 
found that tax filings can help locate these missing children nearly half of the time because new addresses can be identified, but law enforcement can’t access this critical information. 
We owe it to these children to give 
law enforcement the tools they need in order to find the more than 200,000 chil-dren that are kidnapped by family members every year here in the United States. 
That is why Congressman C
OURTNEY  
and I have introduced the bipartisan Recovering Missing Children Act, which will allow law enforcement, with a court order, to access tax filings that could aid in the search for abducted children. 
This legislation has been endorsed by 
the Fraternal Order of Police, the Na-tional Association of Police Organiza-tions, the Major County Sheriffs’ Asso-ciation, and the Sergeants Benevolent Association. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a zero-cost, com-
monsense way to cut red tape and help law enforcement bring these missing children home. 
f 
RESILIENT FEDERAL FOREST ACT 
OF 2015 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, well, we 
have yet another reminder why we need for the Senate to take up H.R. 2647, the Resilient Federal Forest Act of 2015. We need to bring active man-agement back to our forests. 
Why is this important? Because now 
in California as well as the rest of the Western States the fire season is upon us. 
In my district, the Lowell fire is 
burning near Alto, California. It has al-ready consumed over 1,700 acres since Saturday, and it is only 20 percent con-tained. This is one of 12 fires burning in California. It is unknown how many throughout the West. 
Sadly, four firefighters have already 
been injured in this blaze, two from the State and two from the Federal level. Thankfully, three of the men have been released, though one is still hospital-ized with severe burns. Thankfully, they are nonlife-threatening. 
Nonetheless, the nonmanagement of 
our forests are roadblocks that get thrown up by a few environmental groups to the type of wise management we need, especially in the time of drought, especially in the time we have 
millions of dead trees in the Western States and in California. 
They should be thinned. They should 
be managed. We should have a forest where it will be better for the habitat, better for everybody, and better for ev-erything involved. Instead, we have roadblocks. 
We need this bill. We need a much 
better attitude on managing our for-ests because, again, this is hurting our firefighters, putting them at unneces-sary risk, as well as the homeowners in the area, the wildlife, the habitat, and the economy that used to come from those areas. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C LAWSON of Florida (at the re-
quest of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today and 
for the balance of the week on account of a family emergency. 
Mr. C
OHEN (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a flight 
delay due to weather. 
Ms. G ABBARD (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a flight 
delay. 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas (at the re-
quest of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today and to-
morrow on account of official business. 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas 
(at the request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today 
through July 29 on account of official business. 
Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD (at the request 
of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
Ms. S LAUGHTER (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of travel 
complications. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1626. An act to reduce duplication of 
information technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 2499. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to increase access to capital for vet-eran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until to-morrow, Tuesday, July 28, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY7.079 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5521 July 27, 2015 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and sec-
ond quarters of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO LATVIA, EXPENDED BETWEEN JUNE 26 AND JUNE 29, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Mario Diaz-Balart ............................................ 6 /27 6 /29 Latvia ........................................... ......... .................... 470.00 .................... 12,543.00 .................... .................... .................... 1 3,013.00 
Hon. Jim Costa ........................................................ 6 /26 6 /29 Latvia ....................................... ............. .................... 470.00 .................... 11,132.00 .................... .................... ................. ... 11,602.00 
Hon. Eliot Engel ....................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Latvia ...................................... .............. .................... 470.00 .................... 5,833.00 .................... .................... ................. ... 6,303.00 
Hon. Darrell Issa ..................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Latvia ....................................... ............. .................... 470.00 .................... 9,356.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 9,826.00 
Hon. Robert Latta .................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Latvia ........................................ ............ .................... 212.00 .................... 4,685.00 .................... .................... ................... . 4,897.00 
Hon. Gregory Meeks ................................................. 6 /27 6 /29 Latvia .......................................... .......... .................... 470.00 .................... 9,203.00 .................... .................... .................... 9 ,673.00 
Hon. Mike Turner ..................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Latvia ........................................ ............ .................... 470.00 .................... 3,684.00 .................... .................... ................... . 4,154.00 
Hon. George Holding ................................................ 6 /27 6 /29 Latvia .......................................... .......... .................... 470.00 .................... 3,264.00 .................... .................... .................... 3 ,734.00 
Brady Howell ............................................................ 6 /27 6 /29 Latvia ..................................... ............... .................... 470.00 .................... 6,528.00 .................... .................... ................ .... 6,998.00 
Janice Robinson ....................................................... 6 /26 6 /29 Latvia ....................................... ............. .................... 695.00 .................... 6,528.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 7,223.00 
Kyle Parker ............................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Latvia ................................... ................. .................... 470.00 .................... 6,528.00 .................... .................... .............. ...... 6,998.00 
Phil Bednarczyk ....................................................... 6 /27 6 /29 Latvia ....................................... ............. .................... 470.00 .................... 6,528.00 .................... .................... .................. .. 6,998.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 5,607.00 .................... 85,812.00 .................... .................... ...... .............. 91,419.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART, July 17, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ETHICS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT, Chairman, July 8, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPE NDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND 
JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, July 10, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR . 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES 
Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. STEVE CHABOT, Chairman, July 10, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2292. A letter from the Farm Service Agen-
cy Regulatory Review Director, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Depart-ment’s interim rule — Conservation Reserve Program (RIN: 0560-AI30) received July 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 
2293. A letter from the Comptroller, Under 
Secretary of Defense, Department of De-fense, transmitting a report of a violation of the Antideficiency Act, Army case number 15-01, as required by 31 U.S.C. 1351; to the 
Committee on Appropriations. 
2294. A letter from the Counsel, Legal Divi-
sion, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — 2013 Integrated Mortgage Disclosures Rule Under the Real Estate Settlement Proce-dures Act (Regulation X) and the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z) and Amend-ments; Delay of Effective Date [Docket No.: CFPB-2015-0029] (RIN: 3170-AA48) received July 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2295. A letter from the Associate General 
Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-
fice of the Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing [Docket No.: FR- 
5173-F-04] (RIN: 2501-AD33) received July 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
2296. A letter from the Deputy Director, 
Administration for Community Living, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Developmental Disabilities Program (RIN: 0970-AB11) received July 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2297. A letter from the Associate Bureau 
Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Lifeline and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.032 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5522 July 27, 2015 
Link Up Reform and Modernization; Tele-
communications Carriers Eligible for Uni-versal Service Support; Connect America Fund [WC Docket No.: 11-42] [WC Docket No.: 09-197] [WC Docket No.: 10-90] received July 
23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2298. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Food Label-ing; Nutrition Labeling of Standard Menu Items in Restaurants and Similar Retail Food Establishments; Extension of Compli-ance Date [Docket No.: FDA-2011-F-0172] (RIN: 0910-AG57) received July 23, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2299. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s final rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Coastal Pelagic Species Fish-eries; Annual Specifications [Docket No.: 150428405-5539-02] (RIN: 0648-XD927) received July 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2300. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-
trator for Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s final rule — International Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fish-eries; 2015 and 2016 Commercial Fishing Re-strictions for Pacific Bluefin Tuna in the Eastern Pacific Ocean [Docket No.: 141222999- 5561-02] (RIN: 0648-BE71) received July 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
2301. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic; 2015 Recreational Ac-countability Measures and Closure for South Atlantic Snowy Grouper [Docket No.: 0907271173-0629-03] (RIN: 0648-XE014) received July 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2302. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Re- Opening of Commercial Sector for Atlantic Dolphin [Docket No.: 130403322-4454-02] (RIN: 0648-XE017) received July 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 
2303. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Gulf of Mexico Highly Migra-tory Species; Commercial Blacknose Sharks and Non-Blacknose Small Coastal Sharks in the Gulf of Mexico Region [Docket No.: 140429387-4971-02] (RIN: 0648-XD954) received July 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
2304. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Claims for Credit or Refund [TD 9727] (RIN: 1545-BI36) received July 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by 
Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
2305. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — August 2015 (Rev. Rule. 2015-16) received July 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
2306. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revisions to the Employee Plans De-termination Letter Program (Announcement 2015-19) received July 24, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
2307. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a letter and attachments satis-fying all requirements of Sec. 135(a) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (Pub. L. 114-17), as received July 19, 2015; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Af-fairs, Financial Services, the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. Supplemental report on H.R. 1994. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–225, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee on the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 1634. A bill to strengthen ac-countability for deployment of border secu-rity technology at the Department of Home-land Security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–226). Referred to the Committee on the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-
curity. H.R. 2750. A bill to reform programs of the Transportation Security Administra-tion, streamline transportation security reg-ulations, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–227). Referred to the Committee on the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 348. A bill to provide for improved coordination of agency actions in the prepa-ration and adoption of environmental docu-ments for permitting determinations, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–228, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 1138. A bill to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances in-volving National Forest System land and Bu-reau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–229). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on 
Rules. House Resolution 380. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the exec-utive branch shall have no force or effect un-less a joint resolution of approval is enacted 
into law; providing for proceedings during the period from July 30, 2015, through Sep-tember 7, 2015; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–230). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED 
BILL 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the 
following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 348. Referral to the Committee on 
Natural Resources extended for a period end-ing not later than September 11, 2015. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, and Mr. G RAVES of Lou-
isiana): 
H.R. 3214. A bill to amend title 14, United 
States Code, to establish the National Ice-breaker Fund to pay the costs of construc-tion, alteration, renovation, lease, or charter of icebreakers for the Coast Guard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LAMBORN: 
H.R. 3215. A bill to prohibit any person 
from soliciting or knowingly acquiring, re-ceiving, or accepting a donation of human fetal tissue for any purpose other than dis-posal of the tissue if the donation affects interstate commerce and the tissue will be or is obtained pursuant to an induced abor-tion; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE (for himself, Mr. 
B
OUSTANY , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. 
LATTA ): 
H.R. 3216. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify the emergency hos-pital care furnished by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to certain veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. 
L
OEBSACK , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. 
FARR): 
H.R. 3217. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Transportation to conduct a study on the adequacy of motor vehicle refueling assist-ance to individuals with disabilities, to pro-mulgate regulations in accordance with the results of such study, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. CAPPS (for herself, Mr. 
A
GUILAR , Ms. B ASS, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. 
BERA, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Mr. C OOK, 
Mr. C OSTA , Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. I SSA, Mr. K NIGHT , 
Mr. L AMALFA , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. R OHRABACHER , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. R UIZ, Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27JY7.000 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5523 July 27, 2015 
LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. S PEIER , 
Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
VARGAS , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-
fornia, and Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California): 
H.R. 3218. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 836 Anacapa Street, Santa Barbara, Cali-fornia as the ‘‘Special Warfare Operator Mas-ter Chief Petty Officer (SEAL) Louis ‘Lou’ J. Langlais Post Office Building’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 3219. A bill to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to provide that post offices shall comply with public accommodation standards under the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , Mr. D OLD, Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania): 
H.R. 3220. A bill to establish a smart card 
pilot program under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for 
herself, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. L AN-
GEVIN ): 
H.R. 3221. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to re-quire States to include information on the academic progress of homeless children and children in foster care in annual State report cards; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia (for 
himself, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
CARTER of Texas, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H ARDY , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. H UD-
SON, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. K ING of 
Iowa, Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M IL-
LER of Florida, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. 
WOODALL ): 
H.R. 3222. A bill to provide protections for 
workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting representation by a labor organization; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3223. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to Timothy Nugent, in recogni-tion of his pioneering work on behalf of peo-ple with disabilities, including disabled vet-erans; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mr. ENGEL (for himself and Mr. 
G
RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 3224. A bill to regulate the sale of 
cases and covers that resemble firearms, to amend the Consumer Product Safety Im-provement Act of 2008 with respect to the regulation of toy, look-alike, and imitation firearms, and to provide penalties for a vio-
lation of such regulations; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for him-
self and Mr. L
OEBSACK ): 
H.R. 3225. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for enhanced payments to rural health care pro-viders under the Medicare and Medicaid pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself and Mr. S
MITH 
of New Jersey): 
H.R. 3226. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to require certain com-panies to disclose information describing any measures the company has taken to identify and address conditions of forced labor, slavery, human trafficking, and the worst forms of child labor within the com-pany’s supply chains; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. RUSSELL: 
H.R. 3227. A bill to protect the Second 
Amendment rights of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Depart-ment of Defense trained in the use of fire-arms to carry officially-issued or personally- owned firearms on military installations in the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 3228. A bill to require that until a 
comprehensive study is completed, the vol-ume of cellulosic biofuel mandated under the renewable fuel program be limited to what is commercially available, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ZELDIN: 
H.R. 3229. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the non- application of Medicare competitive acquisi-tion rates to complex rehabilitative wheel-chairs and accessories; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BENISHEK: 
H. Res. 381. A resolution to refer H.R. 3133, 
a bill making congressional reference to the United States Court of Federal Claims pursu-ant to sections 1492 and 2509 of title 28, United States Code, of certain Indian land- related takings claims of the Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians of Michigan and its individual members; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CA ´RDENAS: 
H. Res. 382. A resolution expressing the 
need to eliminate life without parole for children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. FLEISCHMANN (for himself, 
Mrs. B
LACK , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
COOPER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. T OMPRICE of 
Georgia, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. L OBI-
ONDO , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. W HIT-
FIELD , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. Y OUNG  
of Iowa, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
Mr. B YRNE , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. P OEof 
Texas, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. A MODEI , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. P OLIQUIN , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. D ENT, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. 
HARDY , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. P IERLUISI , 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. 
GABBARD , Mr. G OHMERT , Mrs. M ILLER  
of Michigan, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, 
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor-
gia, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Geor-
gia, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
PEARCE , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H. Res. 383. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the appropriate award of the Purple Heart to the Marines and Sailors killed or wounded in the recent attack at the Navy Operational Support Center and Marine Corps Reserve Center and the Armed Forces Career Center in Chattanooga, Tennessee; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. RANGEL (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , and Mr. S AM JOHNSON of 
Texas): 
H. Res. 384. A resolution calling for a for-
mal end of the Korean War; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND 
RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio introduced a bill (H.R. 
3230) for the relief of Erdal Dede; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 3214. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. LAMBORN: 
H.R. 3215. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution states that Congress has the authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states.’’ 
By Mr. NEWHOUSE: 
H.R. 3216. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:19 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27JY7.100 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5524 July 27, 2015 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mrs. BUSTOS: 
H.R. 3217. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mrs. CAPPS: 
H.R. 3218. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United 
States Constitution, which reads: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post Roads’’ 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution, which reads: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 3219. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. ROSKAM: 
H.R. 3220. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
(a) Article I, Section 1, to exercise the leg-
islative powers vested in Congress as granted in the Constitution; and 
(a) Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which 
gives Congress the authority ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’. 
By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: 
H.R. 3221. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia: 
H.R. 3222. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
the authority enumerated in Clause 3 of 
Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3223. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. ENGEL: 
H.R. 3224. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. Art. I §8. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 3225. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Wel-
fare) and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (Com-merce) of the Constitution. 
The bill makes several changes to the way 
hospitals are regulated by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). This includes transaction between hospitals, CMS, and third parties, which constitutes commerce. Further, Medicare is considered to be constitutional as part of providing for the general welfare and therefore any changes to Medicare would fall under this provision as well. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 3226. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment 13 to the U.S. Constitution— 
Abolition of Slavery ‘‘Neither slavery nor in-voluntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdic-tion.’’ 
By Mr. RUSSELL: 
H.R. 3227. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment 2: A well regulated Militia, 
being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 3228. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States 
By Mr. ZELDIN: 
H.R. 3229. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: 
H.R. 3230. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution.’’ 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 93: Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 167: Mr. R UIZand Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 419: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 499: Mr. S HUSTER . 
H.R. 546: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 592: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. W EBSTER of 
Florida, Mr. F OSTER , and Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 665: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 676: Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 699: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 702: Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California. 
H.R. 707: Mr. P ALAZZO and Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 721: Mr. F LORES and Mr. S MITH of Mis-
souri. 
H.R. 729: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 744: Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 748: Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 757: Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 774: Mr. C ICILLINE and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 775: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 776: Mr. C HAFFETZ and Mrs. E LLMERS  
of North Carolina. 
H.R. 789: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 815: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan and 
Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 816: Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. K ELLY of Mis-
sissippi, and Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 825: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN . 
H.R. 829: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 840: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 842: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 864: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 865: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois. 
H.R. 902: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 911: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 918: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 920: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 985: Ms. A DAMS and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1019: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania and Mr. C ULBERSON . H.R. 1027: Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 1100: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1107: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1185: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 1188: Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 1211: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Ms. P IN-
GREE . 
H.R. 1222: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1226: Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 1321: Ms. S TEFANIK and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . 
H.R. 1336: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B ARR, and Mr. C AR-
NEY. 
H.R. 1342: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. K INGof 
New York. 
H.R. 1356: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. G RANGER , 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
BEYER , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana, and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. C ONAWAY , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C ARSON of Indi-
ana, and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1391: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 1401: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 1422: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1434: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. Z INKE, Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. 
RIGELL , and Mr. C ARNEY . 
H.R. 1478: Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 1515: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. H IGGINS and Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1550: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. 
DOLD. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. D ESANTIS , 
Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1604: Mr. R OSSand Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 1608: Ms. S PEIER and Mr. D ENT. 
H.R. 1624: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. B ERA, Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota, Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. D ENT, and Mr. 
GOSAR . 
H.R. 1628: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. B ENISHEK and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1716: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 1721: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 1839: Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 1937: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1942: Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and Mr. C OO-
PER. 
H.R. 1967: Mr. K INGof New York, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1974: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1977: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , and Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 2025: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 2026: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina 
and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2063: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan. 
H.R. 2102: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 2147: Mr. C ONYERS and Mr. P ALLONE . 
H.R. 2205: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2209: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2243: Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
BRAT, and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 2320: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2328: Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 2342: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. H ECKof Ne-
vada. 
H.R. 2369: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 2403: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.048 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5525 July 27, 2015 
H.R. 2404: Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 2410: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2494: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 2513: Mr. W OMACK and Mr. 
WESTERMAN . 
H.R. 2530: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2540: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 2557: Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 2567: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 2595: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2602: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. M ENG, 
and Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2624: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 2643: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mr. 
STIVERS . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. S ALMON and Mr. C OFFMAN . 
H.R. 2653: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M ARCH -
ANT, Mrs. B LACK , and Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 2663: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 2669: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 2680: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2689: Mr. N UNES , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. B ERA, and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2769: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 2793: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana. 
H.R. 2802: Mr. C ULBERSON and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 2805: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 2811: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and 
Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 2824: Mr. R ANGEL and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . 
H.R. 2844: Mr. V EASEY and Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2847: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 2849: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. 
VANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. P OEof Texas, 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B OUSTANY , and Mr. 
TROTT . 
H.R. 2911: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. N UNES , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. 
MARCHANT . 
H.R. 2915: Mr. J ONES , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
COFFMAN , and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 2920: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
FRELINGHUYSEN , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 2963: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Ms. K APTUR . H.R. 2973: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2979: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2984: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 2992: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 3018: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 3029: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 3036: Mr. G IBSON and Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE. 
H.R. 3039: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H.R. 3040: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 3071: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 3106: Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 3108: Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 3114: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3118: Mr. B LUM, Mr. N EWHOUSE , and 
Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 3132: Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  
of California, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ERA, Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. R ICHMOND , and Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California. 
H.R. 3136: Mr. L UETKEMEYER and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 3137: Mr. K LINE, Mr. C OOK, Mr. 
DENHAM , and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3163: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3171: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. 
H.R. 3183: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 3189: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Mr. 
STUTZMAN . 
H.R. 3193: Mrs. L OWEY . 
H.R. 3199: Mr. P ERRY and Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama. 
H.R. 3209: Ms. M OORE . 
H.J. Res. 2: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. F LEMING . 
H.J. Res. 51: Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.J. Res. 55: Mr. J ONES , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. G OWDY , 
Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mrs. L OVE, 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.J. Res. 61: Ms. G ABBARD and Mr. C URBELO  
of Florida. 
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C OOK, 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. M ILLER of Flor-
ida. H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. R USH, Mr. D ELANEY , 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G IB-
SON, and Mr. R USSELL . 
H. Res. 12: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H. Res. 110: Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H. Res. 220: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H. Res. 289: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. R IBBLE and Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California. 
H. Res. 354: Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. 
H. Res. 367: Mr. R YAN of Wisconsin, Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. R OHRABACHER , 
Mr. T ROTT , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
CULBERSON , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
MICA, Mr. N UGENT , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. 
GUTHRIE . 
H. Res. 379: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. C OOK, and Mr. R IBBLE . 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lution, as follows: 
H.R. 836: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
f 
PETITIONS, ETC. 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
18. The SPEAKER presented a petition of 
Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a Citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would establish a procedure by which the President of the United States may be re-moved from office by means of a nationwide recall election; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:10 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY7.045 H27JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5893 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JULY 27, 2015 No. 119 
Senate 
The Senate met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, incline Your ear and 
hear our prayer, for without Your pres-ence and power, our striving is in vain. Preserve us with Your loving provi-dence, guiding us through each season of life’s sojourn. 
Lord, teach our lawmakers Your 
way, illuminating their path with the lamp and light of Your truth. Remind them that true greatness comes through service, as they remember to esteem others as better than them-selves. 
You, O Lord, are a God full of com-
passion. You are gracious, long-suf-fering, and abundant in mercy and truth. 
We praise Your matchless Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
JOHNSON ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
THE HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
‘‘there is no such thing as a Republican road or a Democrat road.’’ That is what Chairman I
NHOFE said a few days ago, 
and he is absolutely right. No wonder Republicans and Democrats continue 
to rally around a bipartisan, multiyear highway measure that is fiscally re-sponsible and will not raise taxes. 
The bill before us would streamline 
regulations, advance research and in-novation in transportation, modernize infrastructure and transportation sys-tems, and inject new accountability measures so Americans can get a bet-ter handle on how their tax money is actually being spent. 
This multiyear bill also reverses the 
trend of short-term temporary patches, giving State and local Governments the certainty and the stability they need to better plan road and bridge projects. On top of that, the bill would also provide State and local Govern-ments with more flexible options for stretching those transportation dol-lars. 
So this is a good bill for our country. 
Substantial numbers of Republicans and Democrats continue to support it. But time is running out to get this bill through Congress. We are up against a deadline at the end of the week. Jobs are on the line. Important infrastruc-ture projects are too. So we have to get the job done—and we are. 
We have had to navigate some espe-
cially difficult political terrain to get this far already. It hasn’t always been easy, but we are now nearing comple-tion of the Senate’s work on this bill. 
If the bipartisan coalition supporting 
this fiscally responsible, multiyear bill 
continues to cooperate and work hard, I know we can get there. 
I want to thank every colleague who 
has worked so hard already on this bill, particularly Chairman I
NHOFE and Sen-
ator B OXER , who have really done mag-
nificent work to get us to this point. Let’s hope we can all get it across the finish line. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. ORDER OF BUSINESS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I choose 
not to speak today. So I would ask the Chair to announce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 22, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the em-ployers to which the employer mandate ap-plies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
Pending: 
McConnell modified amendment No. 2266, 
in the nature of a substitute. 
McConnell (for Kirk) amendment No. 2327 
(to amendment No. 2266), to reauthorize and reform the Export-Import Bank of the United States. 
McConnell amendment No. 2328 (to amend-
ment No. 2327), to repeal the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 entirely. 
McConnell amendment No. 2329 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2266), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell amendment No. 2330 (to amend-
ment No. 2329), to change the enactment date. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERICANS WITH  
DISABILITIES ACT  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, there 
are no ideas more central to America’s democracy and identity than liberty 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.000 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5894 July 27, 2015 
and equality. The Declaration of Inde-
pendence lists liberty among man-kind’s inalienable rights and states: ‘‘All men are created equal.’’ But it wasn’t until 1870 that the 15th Amend-ment to the Constitution was ratified, extending the vote to African-Amer-ican men, and women were not given the right to vote in America until 1920, when the 19th Amendment was ratified. 
America’s democracy has indeed been 
imperfect, but throughout our history, we have sought to address our imper-fections. After all, the story of Amer-ica is not the story of a perfect nation. It is the story of a nation in pursuit of a more perfect nation. 
So it is sobering but not surprising 
that it took us nearly to the end of the 20th century to expand and acknowl-edge the rights of another group of Americans who suffered discrimination through history—people with disabil-ities. 
This Sunday we mark the 25th anni-
versary of one of the most important civil rights victories in our nation’s history—the enactment of the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act. The Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act set forth four great goals for people with disabil-ities: equal opportunity, full participa-tion, independent living, and economic self-sufficiency. But the fundamental goal of the ADA is simple. In the words of one activist, the ADA is about secur-ing for people with disabilities the most fundamental of rights: ‘‘the right to live in the world.’’ 
It is worth remembering that this 
was a bipartisan victory. Senator Bob Dole, a Republican and a veteran wounded by German machine gun fire in World War II, and Tom Harkin, a Democrat from Iowa, teamed up to get this done. 
When President George H.W. Bush 
signed the ADA into law, he said: ‘‘To-day’s legislation brings us closer to that day when no Americans will ever again be deprived of their basic guar-antee of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.’’ 
Tom Harkin called the day the ADA 
passed the proudest day of his legisla-tive career. I remember a story he told the Senate a few years ago. When he was first elected to the Senate, his whole family came for the swearing-in ceremony. They sat up in the gallery right behind me. He even arranged a sign language interpreter for his older brother Frank, who was deaf. But he was told by the guard outside of the gallery door that the interpreter was not allowed to stand in the gallery and interpret. 
Tom Harkin could not believe it. He 
came down to the floor and told the majority leader, Bob Dole, the situa-tion. Senator Dole said: ‘‘I will take care of it.’’ And he did. It was the first thing they did together. It sure wasn’t the last. Five years later they watched President Bush sign the ADA into law. 
I want to give credit to some tireless 
advocates who helped make that a re-ality: Justin Dart, the ‘‘Father of the ADA,’’ who has passed on, and my 
great friend from Chicago, Marca Bristo, President and CEO of Access Living. 
In 1977, Marca had a serious accident 
and broke her neck, leaving her para-lyzed from the chest down. She lost her job, her house, and her health insur-ance. A lot of people would have given up—but not Marca Bristo. She led an army of people who could not see, hear, walk, and talk to mobilize and pass the most comprehensive civil rights law since the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
Marca is a force of nature. Every day, 
Marca and her team are on the frontlines helping people with disabil-ities. They help people such as Michael Grice. He uses a power wheelchair and has been involved with disability activ-ism for many years. He has a bright personality that draws many people to him. 
He speaks with passion and compas-
sion. He calls himself a very active per-son. He was living on his own in an apartment in Hyde Park on the South Side of Chicago until health complica-tions led him into a group home, where he lived for more than a year. His health continued to deteriorate, and he moved into a nursing home. 
Michael and the group home staff 
planned for him to stay at the nursing home for 6 to 8 weeks and then move back on his own. Those 6 to 8 weeks be-came nearly 3 years. Michael grew more frustrated. That is when Marca Bristo and Access Living came to the rescue, and they helped Michael find a new place so he could live on his own. Last year Michael was able to move from the nursing home into his own apartment. 
I am proud of activists such as Mi-
chael and Marca and the folks at Ac-cess Living. We owe them a debt of gratitude for helping America realize our full potential. 
It is hard to imagine, but before the 
Americans with Disabilities Act, peo-ple with disabilities were denied the opportunity to participate fully in so-ciety. Back then, very few transit sys-tems had buses or trains equipped for wheelchairs. If you needed a haircut or to see a doctor or just wanted to meet a friend for a cup of coffee, you prob-ably had to rely on family and friends or a social service agency. 
The Americans with Disabilities Act 
has changed that. The Americans with Disabilities Act has changed America. Every day you can see how far we have come as you walk down the street— with curb cuts, ramps, braille signs, and assisted listening devices. Because of the ADA, thousands of Americans with disabilities get to go to school, get a good education, and enter the workforce. 
We still have a long way to go. The 
unemployment rate for people with dis-abilities is still too high. Most people with disabilities want to work and have to work. When they do work, that can impact our communities in ways that are hard to imagine. Let me tell you about the late Bob 
Greenberg, a legendary sportscaster at WBEZ radio in Chicago. For his loyal Chicago radio audience, Bob described sporting events that they couldn’t see. But Bob’s story is unique because Bob couldn’t see them either. Bob Green-berg was blind. But that didn’t stop him from achieving his dreams. 
In the early 1980s, Hall of Fame bas-
ketball player Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was taking questions from reporters after a hard game. He turned to Bob, who was holding a white cane and a microphone and he said: How did you get here? 
It wasn’t hard, Bob said. He then ex-
plained how he knew the exact number of steps from his home to the Lake Street ‘‘L,’’ how he felt for the right combination of coins to put in the turnstile, and then how he knew the exact number of steps to take along West Madison to Chicago Stadium. 
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar paused to take 
that in and finally said: Ask your ques-tion, sir. 
It was clear. Bob Greenberg worked 
hard to get where he was. 
There is no doubt that laws such as 
the ADA helped Bob. I just wish we had passed it sooner. Maybe Bob’s road to achieving his dream could have been a little smoother. 
Let me close by noting this. I wonder 
if the Americans with Disabilities Act were called before the Senate today, if it would pass. We know how great it is. We know what it has done for America. But there were also always voices then—and there are voices now—that question whether Government ought to have that big a say, that big a role, that big a voice in our private lives and our public lives. Thank goodness Bob Dole, a Republican, and Tom Harkin, a Democrat, put together a coalition that realized that at some moments in history we have to move together as an American family to solve a problem. We use our Government to achieve that goal. 
The day the ADA passed, Senator 
Harkin stood at this podium in the Chamber and gave his entire speech in sign language. Afterward, he said it was the first time anyone ever gave a long-winded speech on the Senate floor and no one ever heard him. He was wrong. His brother Frank heard him. Marca Bristo heard him, Michael Grice heard him, Bob Greenberg heard him, and millions of others with disabilities heard that speech. 
Before leaving the Senate, Senator 
Harkin taught me a wonderful sign for the word ‘‘America.’’ It is this: All ten fingers joined together, rotating in a circle around your chest. That is sign language for ‘‘America.’’ That is the America that we all are striving to be-come, a place where no one is left out, where we are all included within the circle of equal opportunity. That is how we honor our Constitution and our great Nation—with liberty and justice for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.006 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5895 July 27, 2015 
SYRIAN SAFE ZONE ANNOUNCEMENT  
Mr. President, I recently spoke on 
the floor about the terrible humani-tarian crisis in Syria. If you had to pick out one place in the world today where more innocent people are dying, it is hard to think of any place that matches Syria. Over 200,000 people have died during the course of the Syrian war, and up to 12 million Syrians have been displaced. 
I have a friend of mine in Chicago, he 
is a Syrian American doctor, Dr. Sahloul, who comes to see me regularly and brings photos back from Syria. They are heartbreaking photos. 
Dr. Sahloul and his friends literally 
sneak across the border into Syria to treat the casualties in this war. He shows me pictures of surgeries per-formed on the floors of schools and on card tables, and he shows me those who have been maimed and killed by the barrel bombs of Bashar Assad and by the ravages of war. 
We will be judged as a generation as 
to whether we have responded properly to this humanitarian challenge. 
In April, Senators K
AINE, GRAHAM , 
and M CCAINjoined me on a letter to 
President Obama urging him to work with other world leaders to create no- fly zones within Syria where modern medical treatment can be provided and displaced persons can safely escape. 
I have raised this with many involved 
in this extremely difficult issue, in-cluding Gen. John Allen, Retired, U.N. Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura, the Turkish Ambassador, and National Security Advisor Susan Rice. 
So, I was heartened today—in fact, 
exhilarated—to read in the morning paper that the United States is now working with Turkey and other coun-tries to establish a humanitarian safe zone in the northern part of Syria to try to find one patch of real estate in that war-ravaged country where these children, their mothers, families, elder-ly people, and those who have been hurt can go and safely—safely—be treated and live. 
We have to do this. The Turks are 
going to lead the way. We are going to support them, but it is a challenge not just to our two countries—to us and to Turkey—but to the world to step up and put an end to this bloody, terrible, ruthless war. 
There have been so many casualties. 
The United States—our good people who reach out to help those around the world—should stand and be counted when it comes to the establishment of this humanitarian zone to try to bring some peace to some part of the popu-lation living in war-torn Syria. 
This won’t solve the larger crisis 
right away, which ultimately will re-quire a political transition in Syria. Without a political dialogue, there is no long-term hope for Syria, only short-term relief. 
But this announcement does have the 
possibility to bring the Syrian civil war one step closer to an end. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I once 
again come to the floor to talk about a Feinstein-Wicker amendment to this Transportation bill, which I hope we can have a vote on and dispose of and let the U.S. Senate work its will on, ei-ther late tonight or perhaps tomorrow after the pending business is taken care of. 
I would begin by quoting from an edi-
torial that was in yesterday’s Post-Ga-zette, the daily newspaper in Pitts-burgh, where it says: ‘‘The tractor- trailer roaring by you on the highway could be 9 feet longer next year.’’ It could be this long, as shown on this chart I have in the Chamber. It could be mandated by this Congress on 39 States that do not want it. 
The editorial goes on to point out 
there is legislation pending that would force these longer trucks on these 39 States—on all 50 States—11 of them al-ready allow it, but 39 do not. Unless we act and adopt the Feinstein-Wicker amendment on this bill, a provision in the Transportation appropriations bill will go forward and is likely to be signed into law requiring this. This will have been done, I might add, with-out a full debate, without a hearing being held in any committee of the Senate on this issue. 
So what are we talking about? I have 
in the Chamber a poster that says: ‘‘Would You Feel Safe Driving Next to a Double 33?’’ As shown here, this is the size of the proposed new longer trucks that we would mandate on all 50 States. As you can see on the chart, here is the size of a typical passenger car. Here is the comparative size of a motorcycle, a bicycle, and, of course, here is a defenseless pedestrian. Com-pared to the pedestrian down to the passenger car, this Federal mandate that I am trying to at least give a timeout to would mandate on States that they allow these twin 33 trailers, and they would be driving along next to this car that my kids are going to be driving in and my grandchildren are going to be riding in. I do not think it is a good idea. 
But I would point out, if a State does 
think it is a good idea, I am not going to stand in their way. Some 11 States have decided they are willing to take this risk—many of them out in the wide-open spaces of the West. But it is worth saying that these 39 States do not allow longer tandem trucks, and we should ask ourselves whether Con-gress knows better than these States. 
These States do not allow them: Ala-
bama, Alaska, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Geor-gia, Hawaii, and Illinois. As a matter of fact, we have a unanimous resolution from the Illinois State Senate, a bipar-tisan, unanimous resolution from the Illinois State Senate, saying: Do not mandate these double 33s on us. I go on: Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Min-nesota, my home State of Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, New Hampshire, 
New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Is-land, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, and Wis-consin, Mr. President. None of those States allows twin 33s now, but there is a proposal I am trying to stop that would mandate that these States must allow for the longer and, I believe, more dangerous trucks. 
The editorial goes on to quote the 
former head of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, who ‘‘likens the massive trucks to ‘trains on highways’ that would damage roads and endanger motorists.’’ I think it makes a lot of sense. I think it would damage roads. I think it would endan-ger motorists. 
Now, if my State of Mississippi, with 
the considered judgment of the Mis-sissippi Department of Transportation and their commission, the Mississippi Sheriffs’ Association, the Mississippi Association of Chiefs of Police—if all of those people are advising us against this, why should we as a Congress tell these States that we know better than they do? 
I will just quote one final statement 
from the editorial before I ask it be printed in the R
ECORD . The editorial 
concludes: ‘‘With its bridges already in the worst shape in the nation, Pennsyl-vania doesn’t need longer trucks on its roads.’’ 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that this editorial be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, July 26, 
2015] 
BIGGER ’SNOTBETTER : LONGER TRACTOR - 
TRAILERS SPELL TROUBLE ON THE ROAD 
(By the Editorial Board) 
The tractor-trailer roaring by you on the 
highway could be 9 feet longer next year if Congress approves a measure backed by FedEx and other shippers, who want bigger trucks so they can haul more stuff. It’s a bad idea everywhere in the nation, but particu-larly in Pennsylvania with its poorly main-tained roads and bridges. 
The legislation would force states to allow 
‘‘twin 33s’’—trucks that pull two trailers, each 33 feet long. Only 11 states allow them now, and Pennsylvania is not among them. Double trailers here cannot be more than 28 feet, 6 inches, and single trailers can be no more than 53 feet long. 
Supporters say the change would eliminate 
6 million trips each year, improve the envi-ronment and cut down on crashes. But any-one who has ever held his breath as a mas-sive truck comes within inches of his car while making a turn would be hard to con-vince that bigger is better. 
The former head of the National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration likens mas-sive trucks to ‘‘trains on highways’’ that would damage roads and endanger motorists. Trucks weigh 20 to 30 times more than cars, and they take longer than cars to come to a stop, particularly on wet and slippery roads. A U.S. Department of Transportation study found that the twin 33s require 22 more feet 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.025 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5896 July 27, 2015 
for braking than the current trucks on the 
road. In 2013, 3,964 people died in crashes in-volving large trucks. 
Pennsylvania Sen. Bob Casey, a Democrat 
who is crusading against the change, says longer trucks would cause more than $2 bil-lion in damage to the nation’s roads and bridges. With it bridges already in the worst shape in the nation, Pennsylvania doesn’t need longer trucks on its roads. 
Mr. WICKER. Once again, I stress the 
point, this is Pennsylvania specific. Pennsylvania has made a considered decision not to allow these. I think it ill-behooves us as a Congress to say we know better about the roads and the condition of the bridges in the State of Pennsylvania than the local authori-ties do. 
So in the interest of deferring to the 
States, I think we should adopt the Feinstein-Wicker amendment not to mandate these longer trucks on States that do not want them. 
Also, I do want to stress a few things. 
If this goes forward, it will have been done with no hearings in this Congress in any committee. The Appropriations Committee, which voted on this, did not have a hearing. The transportation committee, which I serve on, did not have a hearing. The commerce com-mittee, which is another committee of jurisdiction on this matter, never had a hearing about this. Wouldn’t it be a good idea—before we tell States they have to do this—to get proponents of this Federal mandate before us to an-swer questions about it—perhaps oppo-nents of this Federal mandate to come and give us their considered opinion, experts about the safety issues, experts about what this will do to bridges, about what it will do to tear up our highways. Wouldn’t that be a good idea before we decide in our wisdom inside the beltway in Washington, DC, that we know better than 39 States? I think it would be a good idea. 
We might want to hear from AAA. 
We might want to hear from officials of the State of Missouri who have memo-rialized this Congress not to mandate this on the very people whom they are trying to represent on a State-by-State basis. I would like to get the Mis-sissippi Trucking Association here. They have come out against this Fed-eral mandate. They are in favor of the Feinstein-Wicker amendment to con-tinue to leave this up to the States. I would like to get them before a hearing and hear them out. Perhaps Members of Congress and members of the various committees could be convinced, as I have become convinced, that they are correct. 
Why would any trucker be opposed to 
this? I will simply tell you, a lot of truckers are small businesspeople. We honor small business people. We know they are the engine of job creation in the United States of America. Many of the small truckers have told me—and they make up organizations like the Mississippi Trucking Association—they cannot compete in an environment in which this becomes the norm. The big guys can easily move to the tandem 33 trailers, but the small business people 
cannot. It is much harder for them to get a loan. It is much harder for them to come up with the capital expendi-ture of moving to this, and many of them feel as though they will be put out of business. 
So I think we should be very careful 
about saying we are going to run over the considered opinion of people in 39 States, we are going to disregard the Mississippi Association of Chiefs of Po-lice and a host of other State chiefs of police associations, we are going to dis-regard the Mississippi Sheriffs’ Asso-ciation and a laundry list of other sher-iffs associations from all around the United States of America. 
I think the better approach is the 
Feinstein approach, which lost on a tie vote in the Appropriations Committee. The Feinstein approach says: Let’s make sure we have a full and com-prehensive study about this and get back to us, and if we implement it, let’s do it in the normal course of events with the rulemaking process and comments from all sides. 
So all this Feinstein-Wicker amend-
ment does is say we cannot mandate this this year. Instead, we are going to ask the leading experts in this city to come back to us and tell us if, in their opinion, this is safe, to tell us, in their opinion, what this will do to bridges and infrastructure. I think that is the better approach. 
There were 30 members of the Appro-
priations Committee who voted on this issue—exactly 30. Let me make sure I am precise. The Feinstein amendment lost on a vote of 15 to 15. Now, should that go forward as the policy of this U.S. Senate? I do not think so. I think we owe it to the American people, on an issue that involves safety, on an issue that involves infrastructure, and on an issue that involves deferring to the States to make the best decisions for their people—I think we owe it to them to have a full vote and not let something go forward on a virtual tie vote. 
The provision that is now in the ap-
propriations bill was adopted 16 to 14 in the Appropriations Committee with no hearings. I simply ask my colleagues, is that the way to make a major safety decision, an infrastructure decision for the American people? 
So we are nearing the time when sup-
porters of the Feinstein-Wicker amend-ment are hoping for a vote. I was heartened to hear the conversation of the majority leader yesterday that he certainly hoped we would be able to have votes on germane amendments like this. I appreciate the efforts of the ranking member of the committee, a friend of mine from California, in say-ing she is going to do whatever she can to get us a vote on this. So I do appre-ciate it. 
I would say to Members listening 
today, it is time to get informed on this issue. It is time to find out what the facts are, to realize this appropria-tions decision that I am trying to re-verse and put the brakes on, to a cer-
tain extent, is not permissive in na-ture. It is a requirement. If it goes through, we will be telling 39 States they are wrong, somehow we are right here in Washington, DC. 
So I hope, first of all, we can get an 
amendment on the floor, and I hope Members will search their consciences and decide that indeed this is some-thing which at least ought to be thor-oughly studied. We ought to have all of the facts. More than that, this is some-thing where we don’t need to run over the 39 States that happen to feel other-wise. 
I thank the Presiding Officer and 
yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate the presentation by my friend. He is absolutely right and my colleague Senator F
EINSTEIN is absolutely right 
on this point. 
I think the American truckers are 
saying, I say to my friend from Mis-sissippi, that this is a modest exten-sion, a 5-feet extension, but it is 5 times 2, as my staff pointed out, so this is a 10-foot extension. And many of our States are already in trouble. Many of our bridges are structurally obsolete. So the American truckers are pushing hard for this. But I think my friend is right. I think States ought to be able to decide the condition of their roads, the condition of their bridges, and if they feel this type of increase is going to jeopardize safety, I don’t think Uncle Sam ought to be telling them what to do. 
Mr. WICKER. If my friend will yield 
briefly. 
Mrs. BOXER. Yes. 
Mr. WICKER. I know she wants to 
talk about the larger issue. If it is, in fact, a modest and relatively harmless extension of the size, then I think per-haps States might want to make that decision themselves. They may very well conclude—39 have not made that decision, but 11 States have made that decision. And even though some may consider this a modest extension, I think modesty and the length of the trucks and the safety thereof is really in the eye of the beholder, and the State of Mississippi might feel very dif-ferent than one of the wide-open West-ern States. 
I thank my friend for her comments. Mrs. BOXER. I thank my friend, and 
I agree with him. If each of us had written the bill that is before us, it wouldn’t look the way it looks. Clear-ly, if my friend had written it, this wouldn’t be in there. If I had written it, this wouldn’t be in there and a lot of other things would. 
I am so happy Chairman I
NHOFE has 
arrived. I am the ranking member on the Environment and Public Works Committee. Our title is responsible for 70 percent of the spending in this legis-lation. We knew that everyone had a wish list. We knew that if one Senator got everything he or she wanted, we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.002 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5897 July 27, 2015 
wouldn’t have a bill, and if I got every-
thing I wanted, we wouldn’t have a bill. We had to meet in the middle, and we had to withhold on some of the items on our wish list. Frankly, I think that is the story of legislating a huge and important bill such as this, and it is an important bill. 
Before I came over here, I say to my 
friend Senator I
NHOFE , I read that the 
whip over in the House, who comes from California, said: The Senate should not send the bill over to the House. 
My response to that is, if we have a 
bill, we are sending it. 
He said: We are leaving, and that is 
it. 
If the House chooses to go out on va-
cation, a work period, or whatever they do, that is their business, but it is our job to fix the problems we are facing. 
With the help of my friend Chairman 
I
NHOFE , I have a couple of pictures to 
show everyone. 
The first picture is my photograph of 
the bridge collapse on Interstate 10 at the Arizona-California border. Years ago they said this bridge was function-ally obsolete. In other words, when it was built, nobody thought so much traffic would be traveling on it. Later they gave it an A, but it was deter-mined to be obsolete. 
The reason bridges like this aren’t 
getting fixed is we just haven’t had enough funds to do it. In this bill, it is true—we stayed away from a tax gas increase, and we found a way to get enough for what I consider to be a very solid funding bill. 
I will show everyone some other 
bridges that have collapsed, and there are so many. Here is Washington State. The Skagit River Bridge collapsed. Look at this. It is unbelievable. There are cars down below that have crashed. This is pathetic. This isn’t a third- world Nation; this is America, and a Washington State bridge collapsed. How are we going to get the money for it? We need to pass a long-term bill. 
If we pass a 5-month bill the way 
some of our opponents are calling for here and in the House, we won’t have a dime to fix any bridge. All we are doing is, at the bare minimum, extending the program. Nobody is going to undertake any type of long-term fix on these bridges. 
This is the Arlington Memorial 
Bridge. It was built in 1932. We know about it; it is right here. It is deterio-rating. It is in trouble. We are trying to avoid a collapse. We need this bill to do that. 
So when I talk about this bill—these 
bridges are in trouble. 
Here is a picture of another bridge 
that actually did collapse. This is in Minnesota. This started the whole thing, and it was in 2007. It was unbe-lievable what happened there, and we can see the devastation. This is why Senator I
NHOFE is doing this. It is the 
reason I am doing this. It is the reason Senator M
CCONNELL is doing this. It is 
the reason D ICKDURBIN is doing this. It is the reason so many of our colleagues 
on both sides of the aisle are willing to admit that while this isn’t a perfect bill, we cannot sustain this. Either bridges are crumbling or they are col-lapsing. 
There are other examples. I will keep 
up the California bridge collapse so ev-erybody can see it. It is the one I know the best because it is in my State. As I have said, and I ask rhetorically, how much business are we losing when we have cars and cargo having to go 400 miles out of the way to get from Cali-fornia to Arizona or Arizona to Cali-fornia? This is a nightmare. 
As I understand it, we found some 
emergency funds, and so now we need to try to figure this out. Should we close part of it down or keep part of it open? It is not that safe to do, and there is no reason why we should have a situation such as this. 
It may surprise everyone to hear how 
many bridges are deficient and in need of repair. In Kentucky, the Brent Spence Bridge; in Louisiana, the Calcasieu River Bridge; in Maine, the Piscataqua River Bridge; in Maryland, the Chesapeake Bay Bridge; in Massa-chusetts, the I–95 Bridge in Middlesex; in Michigan, the I–75 Rouge River Bridge; in Minnesota, the I–35 East Bridge over Pennsylvania Avenue; in Mississippi, the Vicksburg Bridge; in Missouri, the I–270 East Bridge over Conway Road; in Nevada, the Virginia Street Bridge in Reno; in New Hamp-
shire, the I–293 Bridge in Hillsborough. 
When I am done reading this, I will 
have the whole list printed in the R
ECORD . 
In New Jersey, the Garden State 
Parkway in Union County; in New Mexico, the Main Street Bridge; in New York, the Brooklyn Bridge. 
These are iconic structures, and they 
need to be fixed. They are deficient. 
In North Carolina, the Greensboro 
Bridge; in Ohio, the John Roebling Sus-pension Bridge; in Oklahoma, the I–40 Bridge over Crooked Oak Creek; in Or-egon, the Columbia River Crossing; in Pennsylvania, the Benjamin Franklin Bridge. 
Do you think we ought to fix the 
Benjamin Franklin Bridge? 
In Rhode Island, the I–95 Viaduct in 
Providence; in South Carolina, the I–85 Bridge in Greenville; in Texas, the I–45 Bridge; in Utah, the I–15 Bridge; in Washington, the Evergreen Point River Bridge; in Wisconsin, the US–41 Bridge; Alabama; Arizona; Arkansas; and Cali-fornia. 
The Golden Gate Bridge is the hall-
mark and one of the landmarks of my State, and it is deficient and in need of repair. 
Colorado; Connecticut; the District 
of Columbia. I showed everybody the Memorial Bridge. Florida; Georgia; Ha-waii, the Halona Street Bridge in Hon-olulu County; Illinois, the Poplar Street Bridge; Indiana, the I–65 Bridge over the CSX Railroad; in Iowa, the Centennial Bridge. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the list of deficient bridges in need of repair be printed in the 
R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
STATE EXAMPLES OF DEFICIENT HIGHWAY  
BRIDGES IN NEED OF REPAIR  
Alabama—I–65 Bridge over US–11 in Jeffer-
son County 
Arizona—I–17 Bridge over 19th Avenue in 
Maricopa County 
Arkansas—I–30 Bridge over the UP Rail-
road in Pulaski County 
California—Golden Gate Bridge Colorado—I–70 Bridge in Denver Connecticut—West River Bridge in New 
Haven 
District of Columbia—Memorial Bridge Florida—Pensacola Bay Bridge Georgia—I–285 Bridge in Fulton County Hawaii—Halona Street Bridge in Honolulu 
County 
Illinois—Poplar Street Bridge connecting 
with St. Louis, MO 
Indiana—I–65 Bridge over the CSX railroad 
Iowa—Centennial Bridge Kentucky—Brent Spence Bridge Louisiana—Calcasieu River Bridge Maine—Piscataqua River Bridge Maryland—Chesapeake Bay Bridge Massachusetts—I–95 Bridge in Middlesex Michigan—I–75 Rouge River Bridge Minnesota—I–35 E Bridge over Pennsyl-
vania Avenue 
Mississippi—Vicksburg Bridge Missouri—I–270 E Bridge over Conway 
Road 
Nevada—Virginia Street Bridge in Reno New Hampshire—I–293 Bridge in 
Hillsborough 
New Jersey—Garden State Parkway in 
Union County 
New Mexico—Main Street Bridge New York—Brooklyn Bridge North Carolina—Greensboro Bridge Ohio—John Roebling Suspension Bridge Oklahoma—I–40 Bridge over Crooked Oak 
Creek 
Oregon—Columbia River Crossing Pennsylvania—Benjamin Franklin Bridge Rhode Island—I–95 Viaduct in Providence South Carolina—I–85 Bridge in Greenville Texas—I–45 Bridge over White Oak Bayou Utah—I–15 Bridge over SR 93 in Davis 
County 
Washington—Evergreen Point Floating 
Bridge 
Wisconsin—US–41 Bridge over the 
Menomonee River 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, if ever 
there were a bipartisan issue, it is this one. When Republican President Dwight Eisenhower was running for of-fice, he was shocked at the condition of our roads and the fact that we really didn’t have roads that were in good shape connecting one State to the next. 
This is the United States of America. 
We are a large and sprawling nation. He said that ‘‘a network of modern roads is as necessary to defense as it is to our national economy and our per-sonal safety.’’ This is Dwight Eisen-hower. ‘‘A network of modern roads is as necessary to defense as it is to our national economy and our personal safety.’’ He was referring to the fact that we really couldn’t move easily be-tween the States if there was some type of national emergency. 
I was a little girl when Eisenhower 
ran, and my father was a lifelong Dem-ocrat, but he was for Ike. One of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.027 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5898 July 27, 2015 
reasons he was for Ike was because he 
knew we needed this kind of network. It appealed to him. He knew how im-portant it was. 
If we look at the groups that are sup-
porting us in this effort, I will just say they represent America. They are ev-eryone from the U.S. Conference of Mayors to the Brotherhood of Car-penters; from the Chamber of Com-merce to the International Union of Operating Engineers; from AAA—and most of us belong to AAA because we are worried something is going to hap-pen on one of these bridges or one of these roadways that are filled with ob-stacles and we could get in a crash. People belong to the AAA, and they support us. Also, the Laborers’ Inter-national Union, Mothers Against Drunk Driving, the American Council of Engineering Companies. 
Let’s put up some more. Again, these 
are unusual allies. Usually they are fighting each other. The National Asso-ciation of Counties agrees with the Na-tional Association of Manufacturers, and they agree with the Truck Stop Operators and the National Governors Association. The National League of Cities agrees with the National Ready Mixed Concrete Association; the Na-tional Stone, Sand, and Gravel Asso-ciation; the Owner-Operator Inde-pendent Drivers Association; the Port-land Cement Association; and the re-tail industry leaders. Why did they come together for this? If you are in the retail business and people cannot get to your store, you will not be there for very long. They may say it is just not worth it and will buy online. 
The fact is that we need to fix our 
roads. 
The American Highway Users Alli-
ance agrees with the American Society of Civil Engineers and the Associated General Contractors. 
I want to make a point. On Tuesday 
the Associated General Contractors— the AGC—put out a very important and alarming study. Construction employ-ment declined in 25 States between May and June. They went on to explain to the press that there were monthly construction employment declines as Congress continued to search for ways to pay for new highway and transit in-vestments. The monthly construction employment figures are troubling. 
Investing in transportation infra-
structure will make it easier for many firms involved in highway and transit construction to add new jobs. 
There are certain States that are 
worse than others. Illinois lost 2.2 per-cent of its construction jobs—they shed so many jobs—followed by New Jersey. New Jersey had the second-most shed-ding of jobs, 4,600; Ohio shed 3,700 jobs; Florida, 3,100 jobs; Rhode Island, 700 jobs. 
I heard my colleagues say: Well, 
Vermont lost 500 jobs. Here is the situ-ation. I have heard my colleagues say: We don’t like the way this is paid for. We have better ideas. I agree with them. I have better ideas too. I have 10 or 11 or 12, but I am not the only one 
putting this together. We have to find that magic sweet spot where we can get 60 votes here in the Senate. 
I am thinking if they vote no on this 
but it passes, when they go to meet one of these workers and the worker says: Thank you so much; we got this job be-cause we got a 3-year funding bill, what are they going to say? I didn’t vote for it because I didn’t think the funding was right? I wanted it to be done a dif-ferent way? I am sure the worker would say, I appreciate that, but I am working. I am working. I am feeding my family. 
I understand why people want a bet-
ter source of funding, and we have tried. As my chairman knows, we have tried so hard. I know he wants to speak now, so I will close down my time with this—— 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, will 
the Senator yield? 
Mrs. BOXER. I will yield. (Mrs. ERNST assumed the Chair.) Mr. INHOFE. I am not attempting to 
get the floor. I think what the Senator from California has said is very signifi-cant. 
I think people realize—and I have 
said several times that the Senator from California and I are about as far apart philosophically as any two people can be. She is a very proud liberal. I am a very proud conservative. We dis-agree on a lot of issues on the com-mittee which the Senator from Cali-fornia used to chair when the Demo-crats were in the majority and which I chair now, but during all that time and up to the present time, we have agreed on this. 
When I see people saying they don’t 
want—I am very disturbed by what the House is doing right now. If we don’t have a long-term bill, then we will go right back to what we have done since 2009. 
The Senator from California and I re-
member when we passed the 2005 trans-portation authorization. That was huge. We have had things that have happened in Oklahoma now as a result of that legislation that are saving 
lives. As I have mentioned before, re-member the bridge when a chunk of concrete fell off and killed a mother of three. That happened right up toward the 2005 bill. 
I can’t imagine we are going to be in 
a position where we go back to increase the number of short-term—we have had 33 short-term extensions since 2009. I can’t imagine we will go back to that. If we do that, we don’t get the reforms. A lot of the reforms, I say to my friend from California, were reforms where she had a hard sell. She had a hard time doing it. There are a lot of things—I wanted to change the 80–20 federal share. In some areas it was 60– 40, and then 70–30. We couldn’t do it. We compromised. I remember there was quite a bit said about that, so that was one of my losses that wasn’t nec-essarily one of the Senator’s gains. 
The bottom line is we have a bill that 
is going to be before the people who have a chance to vote on it. This is the 
last chance we have to get off of the part-time extensions. 
I would ask my good friend from 
California if she is observing the same circumstances that I am. 
Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, I am 
observing it exactly the same way. I said before that we have a very honest relationship in terms of where we can find that common ground, and it is in this arena. 
As the Senator from Oklahoma has 
pointed out, he reads the Constitution and I read the Constitution. He has said many times—and he has addressed people who have heard the Senator say this—that this is a constitutional re-sponsibility to make sure we have roads, bridges, highways, and we can move interstate commerce. From my perspective, not only do I agree with that, but I also think it is a very im-portant way while we are taking care of the people to see that people have good, decent jobs, and that businesses prosper. 
We have never had a problem work-
ing together on this. I hope our work-ing together brings liberals, conserv-atives, moderates, and everybody in be-tween to tonight’s votes. 
I don’t know what the vote is going 
to be, I would say to my dear friend, but I do know this. The House is saying through their whip that they are leav-ing. Well, that is up to them. We all know, from the Association of General Contractors, it is stated right here that in 25 States we are seeing layoffs right now in the construction arena because we have not acted. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that their statement be print-ed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Associated General Contractors, 
July 21, 2015] 
CONSTRUCTION EMPLOYMENT DECLINES IN  
HALF OF THE STATES BETWEEN MAY AND  
JUNE AS CONGRESS SEEKS NEWWAYTOPAY 
FORNEEDED TRANSPORTATION UPGRADES  
Illinois and Rhode Island Have Biggest De-
clines for the Month, Delaware and New York Have Largest Gains between May and June; Ohio and West Virginia Have Biggest Annual Declines, Idaho and California Add Most. 
Construction employment declined in 25 
states between May and June even as 39 states and the District of Columbia added construction jobs between June 2014 and June 2015, according to an analysis today of Labor Department data by the Associated General Contractors of America. Association officials noted that the monthly construc-tion employment declines come as Congress continues to search for ways to pay for new highway and transit investments. 
‘‘While the year-over-year totals remains 
relatively positive, the monthly construc-tion employment figures are troubling,’’ said Ken Simonson, the association’s chief econo-mist. ‘‘Investing in transportation infra-structure will make it easier for many firms involved in highway and transit construction to add new staff.’’ 
Illinois ( ¥4,700 jobs, ¥2.2 percent) shed 
more construction jobs during the past 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.028 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5899 July 27, 2015 
month than any other state, followed by New 
Jersey ( ¥4,600 jobs, ¥3.0 percent); Ohio 
(¥3,700 jobs, ¥1.9 percent) and Florida 
(¥3,100 jobs, ¥0.7 percent). Rhode Island 
(¥4.5 percent, ¥700 jobs) list the highest per-
centage of construction jobs between May and June, followed by Vermont ( ¥3.3 per-
cent, ¥500 jobs); New Jersey and New Mexico 
(¥2.7 percent, ¥1,100 jobs). 
Twenty-four states added construction jobs 
between May and June, while construction employment was unchanged in Wyoming and the District of Columbia. New York (3,300 jobs, 0.9 percent) added the most construc-tion jobs. Other states adding a high number of construction jobs included Minnesota (2,600 jobs, 2.4 percent) and Connecticut (2,200 jobs, 3.8 percent). Delaware (4.3 percent, 900 jobs) added the highest percentage of con-struction jobs during the past month fol-lowed by Connecticut, Hawaii (3.7 percent, 1,200 jobs) and Arkansas (3.5 percent, 1,700 jobs). 
Eleven states shed construction jobs dur-
ing the past 12 months with West Virginia (¥12.8 percent, ¥4,300 jobs) losing the high-
est percent of construction jobs. Other states that lost a high percentage of jobs for the year included Rhode Island ( ¥9.6 percent, 
¥1,600 jobs); Mississippi ( ¥7.9 percent, 
¥3,900 jobs) and Ohio ( ¥7.9 percent, ¥3,900 
jobs). The largest job losses occurred in Ohio, West Virginia and Mississippi. 
California added more new construction 
jobs (47,000 jobs, 7.0 percent) between June 2014 and June 2015 than any other state. Other states adding a high number of new construction jobs for the past 12 months in-cluded Florida (25,200 jobs, 6.4 percent), Texas (18,900 jobs, 2.9 percent), Washington (15,300 jobs, 9.7 percent) and Michigan (14,000 jobs, 9.8 percent). Idaho (12.9 percent, 4,600 jobs) added the highest percentage of new construction jobs during the past year, fol-lowed by Nevada (11.1 percent, 7,000 jobs); Michigan; Arkansas (9.7 percent, 4,400 jobs) and North Carolina. 
Association officials said one of the chal-
lenges facing the construction industry is uncertainty about future federal funding lev-els for highway and transit repairs and im-provements. Noting that the Senate is ex-pected to vote on a new long-term surface transportation bill later today, they urged members of both parties to work together to address growing problems with the country’s aging transportation infrastructure. 
‘‘Passing a long-term highway and transit 
bill will provide the kind of funding cer-tainty many construction firms need to ex-pand payrolls and invest in new equipment,’’ said Stephen E. Sandherr, the association’s chief executive officer. ‘‘The series of short- term transportation funding extensions Con-gress has passed has clearly had a negative impact on the construction industry’s recov-ery.’’ 
Mrs. BOXER. That is tragic. What 
happens when people are laid off? We know what happens. We are getting out of this tough recession, and none of us wants to walk down the path of a short-term solution. 
So I say to my friend, I am going to 
finish my remarks in about 2 minutes and when I yield the floor to him, I look forward to hearing his remarks. 
We have work to do tonight. We have 
to get 60 votes. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, if 
the Senator from California will yield, let me make one statement, and then I will be coming back later to talk about some of these amendments that will be coming up. One issue we need to clarify with our 
people on our side is that the conserv-ative position is to support this. Our good friend, our mutual friend Gary Ridley, said that the extensions cost about 30 percent off the top—30 per-cent. In fact, I will say this, after our 27-month bill, we went over it in the House, and I had requested an audience with the entire—all 33 Republicans on the appropriate committees, and all 33 agreed that it was a conservative posi-tion. All 33 voted for the bill. I think we have the opportunity to make that happen again. 
Mrs. BOXER. Madam President, re-
claiming my time, my friend is right. This is an area where conservatives, progressives, liberals, moderates—what we call ourselves doesn’t matter. We need to have a good, strong highway system. We need to fix the bridges. We need transportation. That is what we do here. 
In closing, I wish to make this point. 
Each of our States has relied on the highway trust fund since Eisenhower was President. I have a list, and I think I put it in the R
ECORD yesterday so I 
don’t have to put it in the R ECORD  
again, but it shows how much each State relies on the highway trust fund. I will pull out a few States because it is interesting. I know my own State is 49 percent. We raise the rest of the money, but that 49 percent is huge, and if it were to disappear, we simply could not do what we need to do. So my State is about 50 percent. 
Here are some of the States: Rhode 
Island, 100 percent of its program is funded by the Federal highway trust fund. Alaska, 93 percent is funded by the Federal highway trust fund. Vermont, 86 percent is funded by the Federal highway trust fund. South Carolina, 79 percent; Hawaii, 79 per-cent; North Dakota, 78 percent; South Dakota, 71 percent; Connecticut, 71 percent; New Mexico, 70 percent. 
Now, from that list—that is, every-
body who is 70 percent and over—those are red States, those are blue States, those are purple States. 
My point is exactly what Senator 
I
NHOFE said yesterday. The fact is, 
there is no such thing as a Democratic road or a Republican road or an Inde-pendent road or a progressive road or a liberal road or a conservative road. We all use the roads, unfortunately, in-creasingly, at our peril—at our peril. 
Idaho, 68 percent; Alabama, 68 per-
cent; New Hampshire, 68 percent; Mis-souri, 65 percent; Minnesota, 64 per-cent; Oklahoma, 63 percent; Georgia, 62 percent; Iowa, 59 percent; Ohio, 58 per-cent; Virginia, 57 percent; Wisconsin, 55 percent; Oregon, 54 percent, and it goes on. 
Every single one of our States is 
waiting. The lowest, as I understand it, looks to be New Jersey at 35 percent, but the fact is whether it is 35 percent or 45 percent or 90 percent or 100 per-cent, they all rely on the Federal high-way trust fund. All of our people pay into it through the gas tax. We have a responsibility. We are 
moving forward if we get the votes to-night. Again, we don’t know that we will get them. We are working hard to get them. Hopefully, we will move for-ward with a good transportation bill and, for the first time in 10 years, we will have a long-term bill. 
Now, the Washington Post did an in-
teresting editorial. They don’t adore this bill. They found problems with it, as we all do, but they said it is a sen-sible plan by Senators B
OXER and 
INHOFE —if we worked it out—that it 
provides 3 years of guaranteed funding, that it would be a significant improve-ment from what we have done in Con-gress for the past decade. They said lawmakers fumbled from short-term funding patch to short-term funding patch—a nonstrategy that often relied on budget gimmicks and made it dif-ficult for transportation officials to conduct long-term planning. 
The New York Times said on Tuesday 
what I said before: Construction em-ployment fell in 25 States this summer as State agencies awaited word from Congress on the future of the highway and transit spending. We also know there are well over one-half million un-employed construction workers—one- half million. Now they are starting to get laid off again. 
I don’t know what else to say to 
Members. The biggest reason they are voting no that I heard is they would like to find a better funding source. Well, all of us would, and if we had our way—the Presiding Officer would come up with her funding source. I love mine, which is a refundable gas tax in-crease, but I can’t get a lot of votes for that. People won’t give me the votes for that. So what do I do, throw up my hands and say we will have another short-term extension? No. I sat down with Senator I
NHOFE , I sat down with 
Senator D URBIN , I talked to Senator 
REIDand Senator S CHUMER , of course, 
and all of my leadership over here, and I did my best. I think everyone has to understand, it is either this way or we will have to do a short-term patch. 
I will predict—right now, seven 
States have shut down their program completely. If we don’t find a solution, we are going to be looking at each other in a month, 2 months, and we are going to see programs shut down. I often use this analogy, so if my col-leagues have heard it before, I apolo-gize in advance. But if you go to the bank, you want to buy a house; they say: Great news, you qualify, and they only give you a 5-month mortgage. Are you going to buy the house? Of course you are not. Are our States going to build a highway if all they have is funding for 5 months? No. That is why the private sector that gets this money from the States—that is why they are laying people off. 
Now, I want to say, working with 
Senator I
NHOFE , we were able to create 
a new National Freight Program and a new program called Assistance for Major Projects. This means that every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.003 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5900 July 27, 2015 
one of our States would be eligible. It 
is exciting to have those kinds of pro-grams. The freight program will pro-vide funds for all States. All States are going to get part of this formula to im-prove their goods movement, to reduce the costs, and improve performance for business. It expands flexibility for rural and urban areas to designate key freight corridors. This is exciting. The program is supported by the Coalition for America’s Gateways and Trade Cor-ridors, as well as business groups such as the National Association of Manu-facturers. 
Now, under the Assistance for Major 
Programs, this was something Senator W
HITEHOUSE of Rhode Island worked 
very hard on. The bill provides support for major projects of high importance to a community, a region, or the Na-tion, through a competitive grant pro-gram. It includes a set-aside for rural areas and ensures an equitable geo-graphic distribution of funds along with strong transparency provisions. 
Now, these programs are exciting 
news. Whether one is from Iowa or California, we are all going to get these funds and locally, we will decide how to spend them. 
Our bill passed the committee 20 to 0. 
What a great moment that was, and the reason is we knew we had to com-promise. So the part of this bill from EPW was a compromise. The part of the bill from the commerce committee was a little bit trickier because it did come out on a partisan vote, but we have been working—Senator N
ELSON  
and Senator T HUNE , Senator 
BLUMENTHAL , and others—on that to 
make it a better title. And I think it is moving in that direction. As to the banking bill, Senator B
ROWN ’s staff 
worked very hard on this with Senator S
HELBY ’s staff, and I believe it has 
clearly been improved since it was first released. The Finance Committee was tough. Senator W
YDEN tried hard. I put 
some ideas out there. It was tough to get them done. But somehow we have managed to put together the funding. It does clear the CBO. We are in sur-plus for 3 years in the highway trust fund. We haven’t done that. It has been 10 years since we had more than a 2- year extension. This is real. 
I just say to my friends from the 
House that I know you want to get out of town. Everybody does. It is August, and we have plans. A lot of us are going to go around the world and do our job that way, have community meetings, and take a week of vacation with our families as every family wants to do. But we are staying an extra week in August. You can stay an extra week in August. That is not such a terrible thing. 
I get an announcement from the whip 
over there, Representative M
CCARTHY  
from my State. He says: Don’t send us a bill because we are going home. 
Well, that is their choice. There are so many good organiza-
tions. I am going to put this list up again and share it because I think it is so important. It is tough to put to-
gether a bill that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce supports, along with the International Union of Operating Engi-neers, the Laborers’ International Union of North America, the U.S. Con-ference of Mayors, and AAA, not to mention Mothers Against Drunk Driv-ing. 
I will show you some others. It is ex-
citing to see the National Association of Counties. I started off as a county supervisor. I was in local government. You know, to have us agree with the National Association of Manufacturers, the truckstop operators, the National Governors Association, the National League of Cities, the concrete people, and the gravel people—there is one more here—what you see is that every-body supports this—the American Pub-lic Transportation Association, the American Trucking Association, the Associated General Contractors of America. The Associated General Con-tractors of America has warned us if we don’t get this done, it is going to be a real problem. 
So for the sake of every single person 
in America, I hope we have the 60 votes we need tonight, and I hope we get this moving. There are a lot of people who are slowing this bill down. I understand they are upset about everything. Look, we each can be upset. I mean every day we can be upset, but we have to try to find common ground. Sometimes it is very hard to find it. 
Certainly, Senator W
ICKER was here. 
He and Senator F EINSTEIN have an 
amendment. I support it. It is unfortu-nate that Senator W
ICKER ’s opinion 
didn’t hold sway in the Appropriations Committee. It is hard. It is difficult. I personally think he is right. He didn’t win in the Appropriations Committee. So now we are trying to fix the prob-lem. We may not have the votes, but what we do have before us—and I will conclude with this—is a solid bill with increases so we can fix these bridges. 
I want you to see the last image, 
which is the collapse of this bridge in California. It just happened a few weeks ago or less. What we had here was a bridge that was called function-ally obsolete. What they said was that when it was built there was very little comment on it. But now it is a very important bridge because we have to take the goods from Arizona over to California and from California over to Arizona, and it has collapsed. 
Senator I
NHOFE and I talk a lot about 
why we do what we do. He had a dev-astating bridge collapse—a devastating bridge collapse where a mother of three was killed just walking by the bridge. That is when he and I said enough is enough. We simply cannot handle it. It is our job. 
Once I was told this when I was a 
county supervisor. If you know there is a problem and people are in danger— this is what they told us way back in the day because we had an earthquake problem with the building we were in and the county council said to the five supervisors: You know this is a prob-
lem. If you don’t fix it, there is an ar-gument to be made that you are per-sonally liable. Now, I am not sug-gesting at all that Senators be held personally liable for a bridge collapse, but I am talking about the moral issue. We do know we have problems. We were fortunate that no one was killed in this collapse, and it was kind of a miracle. But we do know there is a problem. So while we don’t have a legal obligation to step up to the plate—and I know Senator I
NHOFE agrees with me—we be-
lieve there is a moral obligation. 
There is this list of bridges. There 
are three pages of bridges that we know are in trouble. We know that 50 percent of our roads are deficient. Isn’t that enough for us to come together to-night—it will probably be late in the evening, I expect—and vote to move forward with this bill and get it done, send it to the House, and hopefully, they will decide in the same session and decide to pass it? There will be a celebration across this Nation. It will be a celebration by workers who want to fix these problems, by businesses who want to fix these problems, by peo-ple who drive who want to see these problems fixed. It is a win-win for our Nation. 
I thank you so much, Madam Presi-
dent. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VOLUNTARY COUNTRY OF ORIGIN LABELING AND  
TRADE ENHANCEMENT ACT  
Mr. HOEVEN. Madam President, I 
come to the floor this afternoon to talk about a program called Product of Can-ada. Product of Canada, you might ask what it is. The Product of Canada Pro-gram is the voluntary food labeling program they have in Canada. So no one has to participate in this program in Canada, but if they want to, they can. It is just that, a voluntary food la-beling program they call Product of Canada. 
What does that mean? Well, just tak-
ing from one of the Web sites where we looked it up, the ‘‘Product of Canada’’ label can only be applied to animals that are born, raised, and slaughtered in Canada with some exceptions. Now, they also have labeling as far as prepacked products. That is actually mandatory labeling. Under their man-datory labeling it says: All pre-packaged food products sold in Canada must be labeled with the name and ad-dress of the company. Also, it says: If 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.030 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5901 July 27, 2015 
manufactured outside of Canada, the 
label must reflect it is imported. It is mandatory to state the country of ori-gin on some specific imported pre-packaged products such as wine and brandy, dairy products, honey, fish, and seafood products, fresh fruit and vegetables, eggs shelled, eggs proc-essed, meat products, maple products, processed fruits and vegetables. 
The program goes on, but the impor-
tant point I want to make is they have some mandatory aspects to their pre-packaged products and their pre-packaged products program as I men-tioned. But the Product of Canada Pro-gram and the ‘‘Product of Canada’’ label, that is a voluntary program. It is animals that are born, raised, and slaughtered in Canada. Why do I come to the floor of the Senate to point out that Canada has a voluntary meat la-beling program, a Product of Canada Program? For the simple reason that we are and have been engaged in what do we do about COOL, the Country of Origin Labeling Program in the United States. 
I have offered bipartisan legislation, 
legislation with Senator D
EBBIE STABE -
NOW of Michigan, who is the lead Dem-
ocrat on the legislation, bipartisan leg-islation that includes a majority of the agricultural committee in the Senate. So what we are trying to do is solve the country-of-origin labeling dispute or disagreement by creating biparti-sanship and passing a bill that address-es the underlying problem. So what is the problem? 
The problem is that the WTO court, 
the World Trade Organization court has determined that a mandatory food labeling program, COOL, does not meet the WTO requirements. So the House of Representatives, led by the agriculture chairman, M
IKECONAWAY , who is an 
outstanding ag chairman in the House, passed a bill that repeals mandatory COOL. 
You know what. We took that bill 
and we have included it in our legisla-tion which we call the Voluntary Coun-try of Origin Labeling and Trade En-hancement Act of 2015—we took the very same legislation, and we are try-ing to pass it here. We are trying to pass the same—we did not take any-thing out of Representative C
ONAWAY ’s 
bill, passed in the House. We took that bill. We are trying to pass it here to ad-dress the issue of mandatory food la-beling, mandatory COOL. 
But we also added a voluntary pro-
gram, just as Canada has a voluntary Product of Canada Program. So there are just a few basic logical questions I would ask. First, we are repealing the mandatory program. So when some-body says: Well, you have to repeal mandatory COOL, and you cannot have anything else, we have to repeal man-datory COOL, that is exactly what we do. We pass the Conaway bill. We re-peal mandatory COOL. That is a fact. Facts are stubborn things. So let’s be clear on that. We do. We pass the House bill, and we add to it a voluntary program, similar to the Product of 
Canada Program because there are peo-ple in this country who want voluntary labeling. They want a voluntary coun-try-of-origin labeling program. They want a program, which as Canada has— Product of Canada is a voluntary pro-gram. 
At the end of the day, to get this 
done, to avoid any countervailing duty or tariffs under the WTO ruling, we need to repeal mandatory COOL, which we do, and we put in place the vol-untary COOL, which we need to do to get bipartisan support in the Senate and the House and pass the legislation we need to pass. We need to do it in that way in order to get it done time-ly—certainly before we go on the Au-gust recess. 
So this is a clear opportunity to 
come together in a bipartisan way and solve a problem and solve it in a way that makes sense. We reach out to our House counterparts. We reach out to our counterparts in the House and we say: You did good work. You did hard work. You passed a repeal of manda-tory COOL. 
That is fine. We are passing your bill. 
At the same time, because there are advocates for labeling, we pass a vol-untary program so we can actually move the bill through the Senate, get into conference with the House, and get their work done now rather than waiting. The voluntary program is the same thing Canada does. So how can our very good friends in Canada say to us: Well, it is OK for Canada to have a voluntary program and, yes, we get that you are fully repealing mandatory COOL, but, gee, even though we in Can-ada have a voluntary program, gosh, we don’t think you ought to have one in the United States. It does not make sense. 
Come on. Let’s get together. Let’s 
find a way to get together in a bipar-tisan way, move this legislation, get together with the House and get this done. That is all we are asking. We have a good start on this bill. We have a majority on our ag committee. Spon-soring the legislation along with Sen-ator S
TABENOW and me are Senator 
JOHNTHUNE , Republican; Senator A MY 
KLOBUCHAR , Democrat; Senator C HUCK  
GRASSLEY , Republican; Senator H EIDI 
HEITKAMP , Democrat; Senator M IKE 
ENZI, Republican; Senator S HERROD  
BROWN , a Democrat. That is bipartisan. 
It is common sense. 
It is a simple solution. We are saying: 
OK. We get it. Canada won in the WTO court. We cannot have a mandatory program. We follow the House’s lead. We pass their legislation. At the same time, we put in place a voluntary pro-gram similar to Canada’s. We are reaching out to our friends and neigh-bors in Canada and saying: Hey, we want to work with you. Please work with us. That is what we do in this leg-islation. 
So I hope Senators will join together 
with us in a bipartisan—I emphasize that again—in a bipartisan way. That is what it takes in the Senate. It takes 
60 votes to pass legislation. You cannot do it with just one party or the other. It takes 60 votes. You have to have bi-partisan legislation. 
I call on my colleagues to get to-
gether with us. Let’s move this legisla-tion. Let’s get together with the House and our friends from Canada and get this done. We can do it. We can do it now in a timely way, and we can make sure we not only don’t have any coun-tervailing duty or tariffs on our ex-ports, but we can also have a voluntary labeling program which many in this country want: consumers, producers, our farmers, our ranchers, retailers, some processors. 
But you know what. If somebody does 
not want to participate, that is fine, hence the word ‘‘voluntary.’’ That is the American way. I have had the good fortune to work with Representative C
ONAWAY . I certainly appreciate him 
and his hard work. I have also had the opportunity to work with our good friends north of the border. We have no better friend and ally than Canada. We should be able to get together with our Canadian friends and say: Look, we are absolutely doing what the WTO court requires. We are repealing mandatory COOL. We are passing the House bill. 
But at the same time, there are a lot 
of people in this country whom we have to be fair to who want a voluntary pro-gram. There is no reason in the world to hold up solving this problem by not allowing them to have a voluntary pro-gram, similar to the voluntary pro-gram Canada has, Product of Canada. 
I also would note that my cosponsor 
on the legislation is on the floor. I greet her and thank her for her hard, bipartisan work to solve this challenge in a very commonsense way. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, 
first, let me say that it is always a pleasure to work with the senior Sen-ator from North Dakota. We partnered on a number of different things, includ-ing efforts on the farm bill. 
So it is with great pleasure that I am 
partnering with him again to solve this problem and to make sure that we eliminate any possibility of retaliation on our businesses and solve a problem in a way that meets our trade obliga-tions and also makes sure that we are standing up for our farmers and our consumers in America. That is really the goal. 
I appreciate Senator H
OEVEN ’s lead-
ership and commonsense approach to actually solving the problem. It is al-ways great to be with the Senator. 
As Senator H
OEVEN did say, we have 
put together a thoughtful and bipar-tisan bill, the voluntary COOL and trade enforcement act. We are very ‘‘COOL’’ here in the country of origin labeling act. 
I also thank our cosponsors. We have 
Senators G
RASSLEY , H EITKAMP , K LO-
BUCHAR , THUNE , BROWN , ENZI, CASEY , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.032 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5902 July 27, 2015 
ROUNDS , M URRAY , B ALDWIN , and 
WYDEN , and we are adding more people 
every day. So we are pleased to have the majority of the Agriculture Com-mittee standing with us on this bipar-tisan effort. 
Let me start by saying as well that 
while I disagree with the WTO’s con-clusion and I am disappointed at the final outcome of the case, I respect the decision and acknowledge that we have to act. We have to act in a responsible way to address this and live up to our trade allegations. 
The potential impact on the economy 
and other industries demands that we give this issue our full attention, and that is what we are doing. Our legisla-tion offers something that is common sense. It is trade compliant, and it is a path forward. 
First, the bill repeals mandatory 
country-of-origin labeling. This is what we have to do to meet our trade obliga-tions to Canada and Mexico. There is no way around it, certainly on beef and pork, in order to come together to be able to address this quickly. In fact, we have in our bill the same language as in the House. So we have the same lan-guage as the House and the same lan-guage as the amendment put forward by our chairman, Senator R
OBERTS , 
and others. 
No. 1, we all agree on what it takes 
to address the trade case and get that off the table. 
No. 2, now it becomes this: What do 
we want to do as Americans? What do we want to do? This is not a realm where Canada or Mexico really has a voice. Once we meet the trade obliga-tion, we have met the test. What do we want to do? 
I remember during the farm bill, 
when we were talking about changes we needed to make to address the Brazil case on cotton, where they won a case against us, and I asked folks: Well, what do the Brazilians think? 
I was told by members of the com-
mittee, many of whom are now saying we have to give Canada veto power or Mexico veto power, that Brazil can’t have veto power over the United States on cotton and that is up to the United States. 
We proceeded with a path that we be-
lieved met WTO rules and met the needs of American producers. Now we have some of the same folks saying: Oh, no, we can’t do anything unless this is something that Mexico likes or Canada likes. So I would argue that we deal with that—with the trade decision in WTO—in all three bills. Now the question is this: What do we want to do for our consumers and to support American farmers? 
So, second, we establish a voluntary 
‘‘Product of the United States’’ label defined as born, raised, and slaughtered in the United States. So you can have whatever labels are appropriate to have, but if you want to have a label that says ‘‘Product of the United States,’’ you have to meet the integ-rity of that label. If the consumer is seeking to pur-
chase a product of the United States, a packer is willing to provide it, and they decide they want to do that— farmers want to do that; they want to provide that—then there should be an accurate label. They can look at all the pros and cons of doing that. Then they should be able to do that on a vol-untary basis. That is all we are saying. 
Anyone who has watched this issue 
over the years knows that both sides have become very entrenched, and we understand that. But our approach is to say now that we will agree with the House, we will agree with those who al-ways opposed a mandatory country-of- origin labeling, and we will agree on re-peal. However, we need to make sure, on behalf of American consumers, that for American farmers and processors it would give them a tool—a voluntary tool—they can use if they wish to do that. 
Now, what is very interesting is the 
fact that back when the mandatory country-of-origin labeling bill was on floor and was being passed by the House and the Senate, the people who opposed that at the time introduced S. 1333, the Meat Promotion Act, which would ‘‘establish a voluntary program for country of origin labeling of meat.’’ It was introduced by the same people who are now saying we cannot do that—Senators C
ORNYN , R OBERTS , 
HATCH , ALEXANDER , and others—all of 
whom were arguing that we should have a voluntary program, not a man-datory program. 
So now here we are. You would think 
this would be easy. You would think this would be a slam dunk. What we are suggesting, in fact, is something that was in a bill—a voluntary ‘‘Prod-uct of the United States’’ label for meat from animals born, raised, and slaughtered in the United States. At the time, it was broadly supported by the meatpacking industry as well as the largest organization of cattlemen in the United States. At the same time, they argued they thought this proposal was a smart way to promote U.S. meat products while also supporting inter-national trade—the same people who are now working against us. 
In fact, as it turns out, they were in 
the spot where we are now under-standing we need to land. But instead of agreeing and saying to us that it is about time you got here, embracing it and saying let’s do this very quickly so we can put other businesses where may face retaliation in a position of con-fidence so that is not going to happen— we thought this would be a no-brainer; take the bill that was already intro-duced, and take the language passed by the House—now we are seeing that, in fact, the same people who wanted S. 1333 are now saying that in the world it will start a trade war and all kinds of other things. 
But let’s talk about that for a mo-
ment. Even as recently as last August, Canadian officials openly discussed a voluntary COOL program as a way to address their trade concerns, and they 
said: ‘‘If you do a voluntary label, which we do in Canada under product of Canada, you don’t have that trade sanctioned problem.’’ That was in Au-gust of 2014, Gerry Ritz, Agriculture Minister of Canada. 
Next, in 2012, the WTO Appellate 
Body report quoted both Canada and Mexico, suggesting that the United States switch from a mandatory to a voluntary labeling program to move ‘‘beyond the dispute.’’ So, again, this was from Canada: ‘‘Expanded as re-quired to meet consumer interest, vol-untary labelling can provide as much consumer information on origin to in-terested consumers as the COOL meas-ure.’’ That was in 2012, suggesting that was the tool that the United States should use. 
Then, this is from our Mexican 
friends: 
Mexico submits that there are at least four 
alternative measures. . . . The first alter-native is a voluntary country of origin label-ling scheme, which in Mexico’s view, could maintain the same labelling criteria on ori-gin as the COOL measure—that is, born, raised, and slaughtered [in the United States]. 
That is 2012, Mexico. 
So we clearly know that both Canada 
and Mexico have considered volun-tarily labeling as the responsible ap-proach. In fact, they have suggested we do that. So while both countries have been vocal, it still does not change the fact that Canada and Mexico are not entitled to veto what the Congress of the United States of America chooses to do with our laws, as long as we are compliant with our trade obligations. 
Clearly, I understand politics—Lord 
knows we do. We understand politics, we understand elections, and we under-stand negotiations. We understand. If you can put the United States in a po-sition to voluntarily stand down and not let consumers know on a voluntary basis what is a product of the United States, that is great for competition, if you are Canada or Mexico. And if they can bully us into doing that—well, shame on us if they can bully us into doing that. 
The fact of the matter is our legisla-
tion, which I believe clearly has the majority of votes in the Senate and certainly on the agriculture com-mittee, not only meets the trade re-quirements of the dispute—which we lost, we know it, and we have to ad-dress it—but stands up for American consumers, American farmers, and processors who choose to use the tool of a voluntary label. 
WTO rules are very clear that a coun-
try should not proceed with retaliation if the underlying law has been made WTO-consistent. So folks can stomp around and threaten. We understand negotiations. We all negotiate with people who stomp around a lot. 
But the reality is that if we take that 
away and we are now trade compliant, they no longer can legally proceed. The Office of the U.S. Trade Representative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.034 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5903 July 27, 2015 
has also stated that our approach 
would be just as WTO-consistent as the repeal bills alone: ‘‘We believe both op-tions—repealing the mandatory label-ing scheme or repealing the mandatory labeling regime and replacing it with a voluntary labeling system—have the potential to constitute compliance with U.S. WTO obligations.’’ 
There is no difference—no difference. 
And this is a few days ago—July 23, 2015. 
It really comes down to the fact that 
if Canada has its own voluntary label for meat produced in Canada, how in the world can they argue with the United States of America that our farmers and consumers should not have the same label? 
I think what it boils down to is com-
petition. I do, because it starts as a trade case. We meet our trade obliga-tions. We address what we have to do legally. Now the question is this: Can they bully us into a position to actu-ally stand down so we cannot brag about the great meat that we have in this country and let consumers know about it? 
I understand that the Canadians are 
afraid to compete head-to-head with products that are 100-percent born, raised, and harvested here in the United States. We do a pretty good job. Our farmers and our ranchers do a very good job, actually. After all, there is no safer, more abundant food supply pro-duced anywhere in the world than in the United States. The American pub-lic deserves to know if they choose to look for that label and purchase that label. They should have the oppor-tunity to do that. Certainly, when our friends in Canada—and they are our friends; we work on many issues to-gether in a wonderful way. But on this one, I have to say I think this is very much about competition. And we need to be able to compete economically with them in the same way they com-pete with us. If they have a ‘‘Made in Canada’’ label, we need to be able to have a ‘‘Product of the United States’’ label. 
So I would ask that we stop with all 
the rhetoric on the floor by folks who sponsored a voluntary label with the same definition a few years ago; stop the rhetoric by our friends from Can-ada and Mexico about how the world will come to an end if the United States has a voluntary program that meets our trade obligations. We need to just take a deep breath and make sure that we solve the trade case, that we do what we need to do and then have the USDA in America—the U.S. Department of Agriculture—allow all of us to decide what we want to do about voluntary labeling of our meat— or anything else, for that matter. 
We are not interested in starting a 
trade war, and it seems pretty silly when I hear the hot rhetoric that tries to claim that. What we are wanting to do is solve a problem that relates to international trade that we all agree needs to be resolved. We must resolve it, we must make sure those not in-
volved in the dispute don’t somehow pay a penalty through retaliation, and then respect our own consumers enough—our own families, our own farmers, our own processors enough— to give them a tool, if they decide they wish to use it, to have the integrity of a product of the United States labeled. 
It would be a sad day and I believe ir-
responsible on our part if we move back to the days prior to COOL where we were labeling meat that was born in a foreign country and spent most of its life in the foreign country but then could somehow come in and be har-vested here and be called a product of the United States. Talk about some-thing that is a problem—that is a prob-lem. That is a problem. And American consumers deserve better than that. Our own processors and farmers who are competing with those in other countries deserve better than that. 
We have the opportunity to embrace 
a proposal that, frankly, in my judg-ment, should be a no-brainer for us given all of the information and the case for why this works. 
So, Madam President, I am looking 
forward to working with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to actually get this done. We should get it done quick-ly so that we can move on to a whole series of issues that need to be ad-dressed. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the Sen-ate as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
FEDERAL ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS  
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, all 
Americans but especially Arizonans should be concerned about the crushing wall of Federal environmental regula-tions that President Obama has been announcing is coming our way. 
Politico recently noted, ‘‘Two years 
[after the President originally an-nounced his intent to take executive action on climate change], scarcely a week goes by without the administra-tion unveiling a new climate change initiative.’’ Common among all these regulations is their complete disregard for how businesses really operate and how they will adversely affect those businesses and their consumers. 
According to a report recently re-
leased by the American Action Forum, just the 18 ‘‘economically significant’’ regulations the White House an-nounced before Memorial Day will sad-dle the Nation’s slowly recovering economy with more than $110 billion in potential cost, with billions more in unknown burdens. If left uncorrected, these regulations will unfairly impact Arizona consumers and businesses and, in the view of the Arizona Chamber of Commerce, ‘‘cause significant eco-nomic harm to our state.’’ 
One of the most alarming of these 
new regulations is the Environmental Protection Agency’s so-called clean 
water rule or waters of the United States rule—a Federal regulation of al-most unprecedented scope. The EPA has claimed this rule would just let it stop construction activities that dis-turb small, environmentally sensitive streams and wetlands, but when you dive into the rule’s 299 pages, you will find it actually expands EPA’s author-ity to roughly 60 percent of all ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ including irriga-tion ditches, stock ponds, and even dry desert washes. 
This is bad news for Arizona agri-
culture and homebuilding sectors, which combined account for most of all economic activity in my State. If a farmer wants to build or repair a canal, the EPA could block it. A community that wants to build a school or a church near a dry wash will have to beg for EPA’s permission. The EPA can even go after property owners if the Agency thinks water historically flowed across their land, even when there is no visible evidence. 
Ultimately, water is the last thing 
the EPA will be worried about once their clean water rule becomes effec-tive; they will be drowning in lawsuits. 
Another proposed rule by the EPA— 
the ‘‘Clean Power Plan rule’’—would place new limits on greenhouse gas emissions that would prevent the use of coal and result in the elimination of 36 percent of Arizona’s electric power generation. Of course, the billions of dollars that would be needed to comply with the plan would be passed on to consumers. Estimates are that utility rates could increase up to 13 percent in Arizona. If you are a small business owner and you don’t have the luxury to pass on these costs, this dramatic in-crease in your utility bill could prevent replacing old equipment or hiring new employees or otherwise expanding your business. 
In addition to being a job killer, this 
rule will impact Arizona’s water sup-ply, which in many cases is moved through the State by energy derived from coal-fired plants, negatively af-fecting consumers and commerce throughout the State. 
This rule also threatens default on 
hundreds of millions of dollars in tax-payer-backed USDA rural utility serv-ice loans around the country which are critical to providing rural residents with affordable energy and reliable, good-paying jobs. 
Another rule, which would revise 
ozone regulations, may also dispropor-tionately impact Arizona, especially her rural communities. Failing to ac-knowledge qualities unique to Arizona regarding ozone concentrations in the State—for example, altitude, topog-raphy, lightning, and wildfires—this rule would undermine the State’s con-tinuing attractiveness to business by creating construction restrictions, per-mitting delays, and reduced Federal transportation funding. 
So what can be done about all of 
this? Well, that depends. For those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.036 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5904 July 27, 2015 
rules that have been finalized, we can 
start looking at legislatively repealing them, as a bill Senator F
LAKE and I re-
cently sponsored would do with the clean water rule, or we can pass resolu-tions of disapproval under the Congres-sional Review Act to help bring public attention to them. For those rules that haven’t been finalized yet, we can con-sider including riders in appropriations bills to disrupt their implementation. 
Madam President, we need to be very 
clear on what is going on here. These regulations don’t represent a good- faith effort by President Obama to work with Congress to legislate trans-parently with care and acuity to help the States ensure the health, welfare, and safety of our citizens; rather, like the President’s Executive order on im-migration, they are an example of his insistence on using his ‘‘pen and phone’’ to unconstitutionally and uni-laterally forge a legacy—a legacy that will, in fact, have a chilling impact on economic growth and prosperity. 
The fact is, after years of economic 
recession, the Arizona economy is showing signs of recovery. But with Ar-izona’s growing slower than the rest of the country, with only a 1.1-percent in-crease in real gross State product com-pared to 2.2 nationwide and 65,500 fewer people working in Arizona compared to 8 years ago, Washington has to be fo-cused on doing everything it can to un-burden small business owners and pro-mote entrepreneurialism. These regu-lations would do just the opposite. 
For these reasons, it will be impor-
tant for all Arizonans and all affected Americans to make their concern and outrage heard. For Arizona, Senator F
LAKE and I join our colleagues rep-
resenting other affected States and will continue to exercise our constitutional oversight prerogative to keep the Exec-utive in check and help educate the American people about what is coming and how it will affect all of us. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  
the Arizona Republic’s editorials on this issue that appeared yesterday and on June 30, 2015; the op-ed from me and Senator F
LAKE in the Arizona Republic 
entitled ‘‘We’re standing up against regulation-happy Obama’’; the two oversight letters we recently sent rel-evant Agency heads on the Clean Power Plan rule and the clean water rule; and the op-ed from Arizona Cham-ber of Commerce president Glenn Hamer in the Yuma Sun entitled ‘‘List of examples of federal overregulation is way too long.’’ 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From The Republic, July 26, 2015] 
NEWEPA C LEAN -AIRRULES THREATEN RURAL  
POWER CO-OPS 
(By the Editorial Board) 
OUR VIEW : COAL IS ON THE WAY OUT , BUT THE  
FEDS NEED TO ACKNOWLEDGE ECONOMICS . 
By this fall, the federal Environmental 
Protection Agency is expected to march the nation’s energy consumers into new terri-tory on the frontier of controlling carbon 
emissions. 
Representatives of the big power compa-
nies are flooding Washington, D.C., in a des-perate effort to mitigate the impact of the EPA’s venture, known as the Clean Power Plan. 
Debates between environmental activists 
and politicians over its implications are heating up. 
But few have looked at the EPA’s new car-
bon plan with quite the riveted sense of alarm as small utility companies that serve rural customers. 
The president of a small cooperative serv-
ing rural customers in Arizona, New Mexico and Nevada is blunt about that impact: 
‘‘The people throughout rural Arizona that 
we serve will be screwed more than anybody else in the country,’’ Patrick Ledger, CEO of the Arizona Generation and Transmission Cooperatives, told the Environment and En-ergy news service. 
Unless the EPA’s plan includes substantial 
revisions. Ledger is not exaggerating. 
His energy co-op, serving some 500,000 rural 
customers, operates one natural-gas-fired and two coal-fired units at the Apache Gen-erating Station in southeastern Arizona. 
One of the coal-fired units is scheduled to 
convert to gas in 2018 to accommodate recent EPA rules governing haze. But under the draft plan proposed by the EPA, the co-op would be forced to shutter its coal-fired unit altogether, stranding around $230 million in recent upgrades and investment. 
In addition, the co-op would have to take 
on between $450 million and $600 million in additional debt to rebuild capacity to serve its customers. 
All told, that would push the price of the 
energy Ledger’s cooperative sells to distribu-tive cooperatives to 38 percent above market rates. And that, says Ledger, spells the end. 
‘‘We will be put out of business,’’ Ledger 
told the Republic editorial board last week. We go into bankruptcy.’’ 
Arizona Generation’s debt is owed to an-
other federal agency. Repeat this story with multiple rural co-ops, and taxpayers will be stuck with an enormous bill. 
Ledger and his colleagues understand that 
coal’s future is limited, so they are lobbying the EPA to give the nation’s 100 smallest utilities more flexibility in meeting the car-bon goals. 
Ledger doesn’t hold much hope for that, so 
he’s also working with Arizona’s other utili-ties. This state faced the most ambitious goal to reduce carbon under the draft plan; utilities are urging the EPA to give them a longer glide path to ease the transition away from coal. 
Concerns over enormous amounts of 
stranded debt is a near-universal one as the Clean Power Plan approaches. 
Arizona’s major utility companies, includ-
ing Salt River Project and Arizona Public Service Co., recently invested hundreds of millions of dollars to bring their coal-fired plants into compliance with existing EPA regulations. 
Much of that investment will be lost if the 
EPA does not revise the draconian carbon re-ductions written into the Clean Power Plan, much of which the agency expects to occur no later than 2020. 
A battle among giants, the debate over the 
Clean Power Plan is scarcely considering the dire consequences for little-guy energy pro-viders like the Arizona Generation and Transmission Cooperatives. 
It needs to start. [From The Republic, June 30, 2015] 
W
EHAVE THE RIGHT TOKNOWCOST OF NEW 
EPA R ULES  
(By the Editorial Board) 
OUR VIEW : HOW MUCH WILL NEW CARBON RULES  
COST YOU ? THE SUPREME COURT SAYS TAX -
PAYERS SHOULD BE ABLE TO FIND OUT  
Within months, maybe weeks, the Environ-
mental Protection Agency will release new rules governing carbon dioxide emissions from energy plants. 
The rules will constitute the most sweep-
ing assertion ever of the EPA’s regulatory power. And it is only the beginning. The EPA in the fall is expected to alter its standard for what constitutes unhealthy ground-level ozone pollution, which would require signifi-cant, economy-wide investment in ozone-pol-lution control measures. 
That’s a lot of unprecedented action. This 
would be a good time for an honest talk about the balance between the costs of these policies and their benefits. 
The Supreme Court is strongly suggesting 
that conversation take place. 
In a 5–4 vote, the high court on Monday 
said the EPA must reconsider a rule gov-erning mercury emissions, mostly from coal- fired power plants, because it did not weigh the costs and benefits of the rule change be-fore issuing it. The rule is estimated to cost $9.6 billion annually. 
The decision is considered a setback for 
the Obama administration’s all-but acknowl-edged mission to retire the majority of the nation’s coal-fired electric plants. 
But not necessarily a major setback. The 
court’s decision does not throw out the mer-cury-emissions standards. It just requires the agency to recalculate the rule while con-sidering more closely the price tag of imple-menting it. 
Most importantly, it leaves the EPA in 
charge of determining anticipated costs and benefits. 
In the coming debate over the EPA’s Clean 
Power Plan mandates, Arizonans deserve to know exactly what environmental benefits they are getting and whether the costs of im-plementing these new emissions standards are reasonable. 
The EPA’s self-analysis of the costs and 
benefits of its mercury-pollution rule, how-ever, suggests an honest report may not be in the cards. 
According to the EPA, its mercury emis-
sions rule would cost the energy industry (which is to say, consumers) $9.6 billion an-nually. That figure, however, doesn’t take into account significant factors like the higher costs of additional borrowing the in-dustry would have to incur, or the potential economic drag. 
NERA Economic Consulting of Wash-
ington, D.C., calculated the rule’s annual cost at $16 billion. 
However, the EPA gets really creative in 
naming the ledger’s benefits. 
According to the EPA’s figures, the mer-
cury rule generates a direct economic ben-efit of less than $7 million annually. Part of that is derived from the 15 percent of preg-nant women in Wisconsin the agency as-sumes catch and eat at least 300 pounds of lake fish per year. 
The EPA also calculated that secondary 
impacts of the mercury rule—infinitely more malleable ‘‘improvements to the public health’’—would boost it’s ‘‘economic’’ value to between $24 billion and $80 billion per year. 
Bingo. Economic justification. We are talking about a significant finan-
cial investment to achieve far less impres-sive results. 
As long as the EPA is in control of eco-
nomically certifying its own rules, it will be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.038 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5905 July 27, 2015 
impossible to seriously judge whether the 
upcoming Clean Power Plan emissions rules are justified. That stands in opposition to the court’s direction. 
In Monday’s Michigan vs. EPA decision, 
the high court’s majority concluded that fed-eral administrative agencies ‘‘are required to engage in ‘reasoned decision-making.’’’ 
That means honestly assessing costs. 
[From The Republic, July 11, 2015] 
WE’RESTANDING UPAGAINST REGULATION - 
HAPPY OBAMA  
(By John McCain and Jeff Flake) 
SENATORS : THIS ADMINISTRATION INTENDS TO  
REWRITE ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY WITH NO  
THOUGHT TO THE COSTS  
A few days ago, the U.S. Supreme Court 
delivered a victory for businesses and con-sumers when it turned back the Obama ad-ministration’s regulate-at-all-cost proposal for controlling power plant emissions. 
In Michigan v. Environmental Protection 
Agency, the court held that the EPA failed to consider the potentially exorbitant cost its regulation would impose on the economy. The EPA’s rationale? The costs are ‘‘irrele-vant’’ to the decision to regulate. 
We strongly disagree. This is one of several new regulations the 
White House has imposed over the past two years with no regard for how businesses real-ly operate. According to the American Ac-tion Forum, 37 major regulations the White House recently announced it is planning on releasing will saddle the nation’s recovering economy with more than $110 billion in po-tential costs—hardly ‘‘irrelevant.’’ 
If left unchecked, those regulations will 
unfairly impact Arizonans and, according to the Arizona Chamber of Commerce, ‘‘cause significant economic harm to our state.’’ 
One of the most alarming new regulations 
is the Environmental Protection Agency’s so-called Waters of the United States Rule. The EPA claims the rule protects only waters that ‘‘have historically been covered by the Clean Water Act’’ and that it ‘‘pro-tects clean water without getting in the way of farming, ranching, and forestry.’’ 
But, dive into the rules 299 pages and you’ll 
find it actually enshrines the EPA’s author-ity to regulate nearly everything that is con-sidered a ‘‘tributary,’’ including irrigation ditches and dry desert washes. 
While this rule was supposed to be based on 
science, there are glaring omissions in how Arizona’s arid landscape was considered. An analysis of U.S. Geological Survey stream maps projects that Arizona would see a 200 percent increase in river miles subject to the EPA’s jurisdiction. 
This is bad news for Arizona’s agriculture 
and home-building sectors, which are vital to the state’s economy. The federal government could block farmers from building or repair-ing canals, communities from building schools or churches near dry washes, or even private property owners from developing on their own land if the agency believes water historically flowed there, despite no visible evidence that it still does. 
When this massive regulatory expansion 
becomes effective, Arizonans will be drown-ing in consultants’ fees and lawyers bills. We have introduced legislation halting this rule until the scientific analysis of intermittent and ephemeral streams is complete. 
We are also pushing back against the fed-
eral government’s water grab in other ways. Recently, the Forest Service formally with-drew its groundwater directive, something we asked it to do last October. For now, at least, private property rights that could have been impacted by that rule are safe. 
But another proposed rule by the EPA, the 
‘‘Clean Power Plan,’’ would place new limits on greenhouse gas emissions, including pre-
venting the use of coal, which produces 36 percent of Arizona’s electric power genera-tion. The billions of dollars necessary to comply with this plan would be passed on to consumers through increased utility rates. 
This rule will most negatively impact 
those least able to afford such a rate hike. Likewise, small-business owners who don’t have the luxury of passing on dramatic util-ity-price increases could have trouble replac-ing old equipment or hiring employees. 
These regulations are not intended to bol-
ster our economy or get Arizonans back to work. They are an assertion of executive power by a president intent on rewriting en-vironmental policy, not a thoughtful at-tempt to help states ensure the health, wel-fare and safety of their citizens. 
It is essential that those of us who rep-
resent Arizona in Congress exercise our con-stitutional oversight prerogative to keep the executive branch in check, and to help edu-cate Americans about what’s coming and how it will affect us all. 
Given what is at stake here, we certainly 
will. 
U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC, July 8, 2015. 
Hon. G INAMCCARTHY , 
Administrator, Environmental Protection Agen-
cy, Washington, DC. 
Hon. T OMVILSACK , 
Secretary, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. S HAUN DONOVAN , 
Director, Office of Management and Budget, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR ADMINISTRATOR MCCARTHY , S EC-
RETARY VILSACK , ANDDIRECTOR DONOVAN , We 
write to express deep concern with President Obama’s attempt to bypass Congress and commandeer the state regulatory process to impose unduly burdensome carbon-emissions regulations at existing power plants; the so- called Clean Power Plan (CPP). Our fear is that the CPP would create significant tech-nological and economic challenges that dis-proportionately affect Arizonans. 
As proposed, the CPP would force Arizona, 
unlike almost any other state, to achieve a 52% reduction in its carbon-emissions by 2030, with nearly 90% of that reduction (equivalent to re-dispatching all of Arizona’s coal-fired baseload generation) coming with-in five years. The plan effectively ignores Arizona’s zero-emission nuclear asset, Palo Verde Generating Station, and gives little credit for the widespread deployment of re-newable technology throughout the state. Instead, the plan charges head long toward dictating Arizona’s resource portfolio and regulating beyond the fence line. 
Shrouded by the veil of choice, EPA con-
tends that Arizona can use a combination of options (aka ‘‘building blocks’’) to achieve these targets. In reality, the CPP treats Ari-zona so harshly that it would be compelled to maximize the use of all its building block ‘‘options’’ just to comply with the rule. This is hardly a choice. Rather, as explained by Harvard law professor Laurence Tribe, the proposed plan would effectively dictate the energy mix in each state, allowing a federal commandeering of state governments and violating principles of federalism that are basic to our constitutional order. 
As an example, EPA expects Arizona to re-
dispatch coal-fired generation almost en-tirely with increased natural gas generation. Yet, EPA ignores that more than half of the state’s existing natural gas capacity is mer-chant capacity, not owned by Arizona utili-ties. Moreover, Arizona’s natural gas gener-ating units are often used to manage the di-verse energy portfolio, including renewable supplies, meaning that increased baseload use of those resources limits their ability to 
assist with intermittent generation. Mistak-enly, EPA assumes that Arizona can quickly transition from coal generation to natural gas generation by making greater use of ex-isting natural gas facilities. The EPA is not taking into consideration the peak customer energy demands the state requires in the summer months or the current natural gas infrastructure in place. 
Converting coal resources to natural gas 
will also leave millions of dollars in stranded assets in which plants are forced to close be-fore their useful life. As you are well aware, utilities throughout the state have recently retrofitted a number of these units to com-ply with other EPA regulations, such as the regional haze rule. It is unreasonable for EPA to compel utilities and their ratepayers to comply with one rule, only to render those investments wasted just a couple of years later under a different rule. 
Utilities and pipeline providers would, 
therefore, be forced to spend billions of dol-lars on new energy infrastructure which could take years to plan, implement, and ne-gotiate. The state’s year-round energy needs simply cannot be replaced by natural gas- fired plants in time for the CPP’s 2020 in-terim deadline. 
As the Supreme Court recently found, 
these types of economic issues are not ‘‘irrel-evant’’ to the rulemaking process. They must be considered, rather than marginalized. And, in this case, it is not sim-ply the stranded cost of investing in new emissions technology or the increased rates; it is also the impact on other areas of the state’s economy, such as water deliveries that depend on energy. An increase in water- delivery costs, particularly during the ongo-ing drought, will only serve to further harm consumers. 
This situation is no doubt exacerbated by 
the possibility that taxpayers could also pay more for this rule, as it threatens to cause default on over $250 million in taxpayer- backed Rural Utilities Service (RUS) loans in Arizona. But, Arizona’s coal plants, in-cluding those with expensive air pollution controls, will not operate long enough under the CPP to pay these loans back. Shuttering Arizona’s coal plants before their useful life is completed will challenge rural electric co-operative’s ability to pay back those loans. 
In an effort to address many of these con-
cerns, on December 1, 2014, the Arizona De-partment of Environmental Quality (ADEQ) in concert with the Arizona Utility Group, proposed a compliance plan that would work for Arizona. They suggested narrowly modi-fying EPA’s CPP to allow newer, more effi-cient coal-fired power plants to continue to fully operate after 2030. This more gradual plan would ensure that investments in ex-pensive emission control technologies will not be stranded and that the CPP’s impact 
on Arizonans will be mitigated. 
With the proposed final rule currently 
pending before OMB, we would appreciate your consideration of the Arizona Utility Group proposal and our concerns, as well as a written response to the following questions no later than July 27, 2015: 
1. What cost-benefit analysis was con-
ducted in connection with the Administra-tion’s decision to go forward with this rule? Specifically, what is the expected aggregate economic impact of this rule on Arizona businesses and consumers? 
2. The USDA has indicated that $254.8 mil-
lion is held through RUS loans in Arizona. What is the value of these loans that USDA holds nationally? 
3. Is the OMB taking the significant loss of 
taxpayer investment in these loans into con-sideration of the EPA’s final rule? 
4. If the rule is approved and Arizona’s 
rural energy providers are forced out of busi-ness, what happens to the existing loans? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.008 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5906 July 27, 2015 
Thank you for your attention to this mat-
ter, I look forward to your response. 
Sincerely, 
JOHNMCCAIN. 
JEFFFLAKE . 
U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC, July 23, 2015. 
Hon. G INAMCCARTHY , 
Administrator, Environmental Protection Agen-
cy, Pennsylvania Ave. NW., Washington, DC. 
D
EARADMINISTRATOR MCCARTHY : I’m writ-
ing concerning the Environmental Protec-tion Agency’s (EPA) Clean Water Rule that was signed on May 27, 2015. As you know, I’ve written you before opposing the rule and I’ve cosponsored several bills in the Senate to block it because of the damage it will inflict on job creation and economic recovery in Ar-izona. 
The Clean Water Rule will extend Clean 
Water Act jurisdiction to roughly 60-percent of all ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ effec-tively allowing EPA to regulate small streams like it currently does large rivers. But the rule can also apply to ephemeral streams, irrigation ditches, stock ponds, and even dry desert washes that are common in Arizona. As such, the rule disproportionately impacts Arizona farmers, cattlemen, devel-opers and other key sectors of Arizona’s economy historically and moving forward into the 21st century. Please bear in mind that agriculture makes up about 30-percent of the economy in my home state, and that construction jobs account for roughly 13-per-cent of new jobs created in Arizona during the economic recovery. 
In recent years, the EPA has, unfortu-
nately, succeeded in building a track record of unilaterally reinventing federal statutes, like the Clean Air Act and Clean Water Act, to advance politically-sensational regula-tions. What follows is not genuine environ-mental protection, which is vitally impor-tant, but a stigmatization of EPA and its re-strictive regulations, which are criticized and then litigated for their blatant disregard for their economic harmfulness. This pattern recently forced the hand of the Supreme Court in Michigan et al. v Environmental Protection Agency, in which it rejected EPA’s new rule on mercury and air toxic Standards because the agency had not justi-fied the economic cost-benefit of the rule. 
Against this backdrop, I respectfully re-
quest that you respond to the following ques-tions: 
1. Explain on what basis the EPA has con-
cluded that its economic-impact analysis for the final Clean Water Rule determined that this rule is ‘‘appropriate and necessary?’’ 
2. What economic-impact analysis, if any, 
did the EPA conduct in connection with the 
Clean Water Rule that took into account Ar-izona businesses and consumers in par-ticular? 
3. Following the Supreme Court’s ruling in 
Michigan et al. v EPA, do you believe EPA sufficiently calculated the rule’s cost consid-ering that the Small Business Administra-tion’s Office of Advocacy’s requested that the EPA withdraw the rule because it ‘‘will have a direct and potentially costly impact on small business’’ and requested further re-view by the SBA? Please explain your an-swer. 
Thank you for your attention to this re-
quest. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNMCCAIN, 
United States Senator. [From the Yuma Sun: Opinion, June 24, 2015] 
GUEST COLUMN : LIST OF EXAMPLES OF  
FEDERAL OVERREGULATION ISWAYTOOLONG 
(By Glenn Hamer) 
During an address before a joint session of 
the Indiana State Legislature, Ronald Reagan once quipped, ‘‘If the Federal Gov-ernment had been around when the Creator was putting His hand to this State, Indiana wouldn’t be here. It’d still be waiting for an environmental impact statement.’’ These re-marks were from a speech given in 1982, and although tongue-in-cheek, their meaning un-fortunately still rings true 33 years later. 
The federal government continues to roll 
out rules and regulations that are often overly burdensome and unnecessary. This has a particularly chilling effect on business and economic growth. What’s more, the Ari-zona business community is increasingly concerned that the regulatory agenda of the current administration unfairly impacts Ari-zona, and has the potential to cause signifi-cant economic harm to our state. 
Last week I sent a letter to Sen. John 
McCain outlining five federal rules, pri-marily driven by the Environmental Protec-tion Agency (EPA), that illustrate this con-cern: 
First up, the EPA’s carbon emission rule 
for electric power plants. In this proposed rule, the EPA has assigned Arizona one of the most stringent reduction goals in the country—52 percent carbon emission reduc-tion by 2030, with an aggressive interim goal to achieve more than three-quarters of that reduction by 2020. Arizona’s utilities would need to retire a majority of the coal-fired generating facilities in the state to meet this goal, This transition is not economically fea-sible and would threaten the reliability of Arizona’s electricity supply. 
Next, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of 
Engineers (USACE) issued a final rule chang-ing the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States,’’ under the Clean Water Act. This brings vast swaths of land under the federal government’s jurisdiction and disproportion-ately impacts Arizona as a result of our unique landscape and infrastructure. For ex-ample, Arizona’s canal systems, drainage systems, ditches, and private property will be subject to federal government control, which limits our ability to manage water al-location and usage locally. According to a recent economic analysis, our system of ca-nals is responsible for 30 percent of Arizona’s gross state product, yet the EPA found the definitional change would ‘‘not have a sig-nificant economic impact.’’ 
The EPA is also considering a rule that 
would lower the air quality standard for ozone. Under the EPA’s proposed range, the entire state of Arizona stands to be classified as a non-attainment area. Such a designa-tion brings significant consequences, includ-ing permitting delays, restrictions on con-struction, and threats to our federal trans-portation funding, all of which will undoubt-edly make it more difficult for Arizona to at-tract and retain businesses. 
Arizona is further disadvantaged by these 
environmental regulations because of the cost of proving so-called ‘‘exceptional events’’ and their frequency in our state. As we all know, Arizona is home to frequent dust storms during the summer months. These exceptional events occur regularly in Arizona and contribute to artificially poor air quality readings. Under the EPA’s cur-rent Exceptional Events Rule, a state can be subject to a non-attainment designation and other significant consequences unless it can prove that a poor air quality reading is the result of an exceptional event. 
Finally, the federal Endangered Species 
Act lists hundreds of species as endangered or threatened, many dozens in Arizona. This 
results in high costs to industry by hindering development and economic growth and im-posing exorbitant compliance costs even when the designation does not give an accu-rate picture of the species’ status. 
Government regulation and oversight 
serves an important purpose. However, the federal government has a responsibility to ensure the regulations it promulgates are fair, equally applied, and result in an articulable benefit. Recent environmental regulations demonstrate a failure to recog-nize the limits of federal authority and to meaningfully engage the states to develop regulatory schemes that safeguard public health and safety, acknowledge the unique qualities of the individual states, and sup-port a robust and growing economy. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Madam President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CASSIDY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY AND 
LEGACY OF THE TWO LOUISIANA CITIZENS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE ATTACK OF JULY 23, 2015, IN L
AFAYETTE, LOU-
ISIANA 
Mr. CASSIDY. Madam President, last 
week a terrible tragedy occurred in La-fayette, LA, when a mentally ill gun-man opened fire in a movie theater filled with innocent people. 
Jillian Johnson was a talented artist, 
successful entrepreneur, and an active member of the Lafayette community. Jillian played in a local all-female band, co-owned a gift and toy shop, and often organized community projects that benefited all. She was a kind and charitable soul, described by her hus-band as a loving friend, daughter, sis-ter, and wife. 
Mayci Breaux was an incredible 
young lady with a bright future ahead of her. A student of Louisiana State University, Mayci was studying to be a medical radiology technician and was engaged to her high school sweetheart, planning to marry after she graduated. Mayci worked at a local fashion bou-tique, where her customers and co-workers remember her generous smile and wonderful optimism. 
These two women exemplify the 
kindness and essence of the Lafayette community. Although they were taken from us far too quickly, their memo-ries live on. 
Let’s also take a moment to thank 
the heroes in this tragedy—the Lafay-ette police, Acadian Ambulance, the employees of the Grand 16 movie the-ater, and other first responders who acted bravely and quickly to stop the shooter and aid the injured. We are grateful for their service, and we honor them today. 
I also acknowledge by name Jena 
Meaux and Ali Martin. Their quick 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.007 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5907 July 27, 2015 
thinking and courageousness saved 
lives when they crawled across the movie theater floor to pull the fire alarm to alert authorities. 
Lafayette and Louisiana are resil-
ient. In times of tragedy and pain, we come together to support and care for one another. The love we have for each other, even in the darkest of times, will help Lafayette, our State, and our community recover. 
The events that transpired in Lafay-
ette last week are a reminder of the long road we must take to reform our mental health system. Too many inno-cent lives are being taken from us in senseless attacks in movie theaters, schools, churches, and other places where we should feel safe. The common denominator in these tragedies is all too often untreated mental illness. 
As public servants, we should seek to 
keep the public safe, but our mental health system is badly broken and fails to do so, and reforms are coming too slowly. It doesn’t make sense that par-ents caring for a mentally ill child can-not be part of medical decisionmaking that could prevent horrendous trage-dies like these. I can go down the list of reforms that need to be made to im-prove our mental health system. I am working with my good friend Senator C
HRIS MURPHY on legislation that will 
help reform our mental health system and make it easier for those in need to get the help that could potentially avert a future tragedy like this. 
I finish by saying once more that our 
thoughts and prayers are with the fam-ilies and loved ones of Jillian and Mayci and all those wounded who are suffering. May they know God’s com-fort at a time when it may be other-wise impossible for them to feel com-forted. 
I yield to my fellow Senator and good 
friend, Senator V
ITTER . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I 
come to the Senate floor sadly, in light of this tragedy, to join my colleague Senator C
ASSIDY in expressing these 
heartfelt thoughts. We rise today to ex-press our deepest sympathy for the vic-tims of this horrible shooting in Lafay-ette. The hearts of all of Lafayette and Louisiana go out to all of the families involved in this tragic incident. 
As Senator C
ASSIDY suggested, we 
lost two enormously talented, unique, and irreplaceable individuals, and we certainly pay tribute to them. 
As Senator C
ASSIDY suggested, Mayci 
was a student at Louisiana State Uni-versity, full of life, full of hope, full of promise. She was studying to become an ultrasound and radiology techni-cian. She was scheduled to begin her training just a few days after her trag-ic death. She was at the movies with her boyfriend, Matthew Rodriguez, who was among the nine wounded. 
Jillian was the owner of Parish Ink, 
a T-shirt printing company specializing in old Acadiana verities. She and her husband also owned the Red Arrow Workshop, a gift and toy shop in La-
fayette. She also was full of life, full of talent, full of vigor and happiness. She played the ukulele and guitar for The Figs, an all-female sextet from Lafay-ette. 
These are two individuals who are 
completely irreplaceable, and they will be sorely missed. 
I also join Senator C
ASSIDY in recog-
nizing and thanking the heroic actions of those two teachers from Jeanerette High School in Iberia Parish, Jena Meaux and Ali Martin. According to several reports, Ali jumped in front of Jena to shield her from the shooting, very likely saving her life; it caused the bullet to hit Jena’s leg instead of Ali’s head. Ali was shot in the leg in the process. Despite her injuries, Jena courageously pulled the fire alarm, alerting the whole movie theater and certainly saving lives. So we pay trib-ute and remember them as well. 
We also pause and remember and con-
tinue praying for the recovery of nine other individuals who were wounded in that horrible incident: I mentioned Matthew Rodriguez, the boyfriend of Mayci Breaux; Morgan Julia Egedahl; Dwight ‘‘Bo’’ Ramsey and his wife Gerry—cousins of Congressman B
OU-
STANY , by the way, and good friends of 
mine and Senator C ASSIDY ’s; Ali Viator 
Martin, an English teacher at Jeanerette Senior High School, and Jena Legnon Meaux, whom I men-tioned as true heroes in this incident. 
On Saturday evening, Lafayette resi-
dents gathered downtown to honor par-ticularly the two victims who lost their lives. During the vigil, one Lafay-ette resident certainly stated it well: 
We can’t let evil win. We as a community 
have to rise above that and move forward. 
Well, we do, but as we do, Senator 
CASSIDY and I rise today to honor the 
victims, to remember them—particu-larly Mayci and Jillian—and to cer-tainly recommit ourselves to the im-portant work at hand, including re-garding mental illness, as Senator C
AS-
SIDY suggested. 
We have prepared a Senate resolution 
commemorating the victims of this horrible event. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 231, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 231) honoring the 
memory and legacy of the two Louisiana citizens who lost their lives, recognizing the heroism of first responders and those on the scene, and condemning the attack of July 23, 2015, in Lafayette, Louisiana. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 231) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. VITTER. Madam President, 
again, we all hold these families, par-ticularly the two victims and their families, in our prayers and our con-tinuing thoughts and our love. It was a horrible incident. But I know the com-munity of Lafayette well, I know the State well, and it certainly will not stop with the pure tragedy. Certainly folks will hold up these families in love and support and prayer and work to-ward far better resolution of issues in-volved, as the one Senator C
ASSIDY  
mentioned. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015— 
Continued 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I see 
there is kind of a lull here. We are waiting around for a vote to take place at 10 or 10:30 tonight, I think it is, and I thought I would share. 
There are still some uncertainties on 
the bill, the Transportation reauthor-ization bill. It is one I am very proud to be the author of. In fact, I was privi-leged to be the author the last long- term reauthorization in 2005. At that time, I was working very closely with someone, with a fellow Member who is the least likely to be working with me on anything. By her own admission, Senator B
OXER is a very proud liberal 
and I am a very proud conservative, but we do agree there is that old, worn- out document that nobody reads any-more called the Constitution, and it tells us what we are supposed to be doing here. It says, defend America and build our roads and bridges. That is what we are doing. That is what this is all about. 
We received a disturbing message 
from the House about an hour ago say-ing they would not take up our bill. We are going to pass this bill, but they say they are not going to take it up. That means there is a dilemma because at the end of this month, there is no longer any money in the highway trust fund, and things will stop. 
I don’t know whether their intention 
is to give a short-term extension and go home or—of course, I am still think-ing brighter minds will prevail and they will realize we have a long-term, 6-year highway authorization bill be-cause the things you can’t do in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.040 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5908 July 27, 2015 
country, you can’t do with the short- 
term extensions. 
Yesterday, I listed many of the 
bridges that were in terrible shape and the fact that we could not address those problems unless we pass a long- term highway reauthorization bill. I mentioned also that someone I knew— it was right around the 2005 bill—a mother and three children were driving under a bridge in Oklahoma City. It was far out of its extended life, its war-ranty period, if you will, and a chunk of concrete fell off and killed her. This is happening all over America. We saw what happened in Minnesota when that disaster occurred, all the pictures of the people who died and were injured. 
We are going to be looking at a lot of 
amendments. I heard there is one amendment that Senator M
ANCHIN  
along with Senator B OOZMAN are put-
ting together to adopt the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2, which is appropriate. It may not be as germane as we would like it to be, but it is still transpor-tation. 
The Pilot’s Bill of Rights 1 was 
passed 2 years ago. In fact, they would not even take it up in committee, but I had 67 cosponsors to the bill. I was very thankful at that time. Of course, the Democrats were in the majority. I went to H
ARRY REID’s office and said: 
It doesn’t seem fair to me that we have 67 cosponsors, and they will not even take it up in the committee. 
He said: Well, that isn’t right. We came down to the floor, we rule 
XIV’d it, and passed it. It does show that sometimes when things get really outrageous, people tend to work to-gether. That was on an issue that just a handful of people are aware of, but anyone who is a licensed pilot knows, in their minds, that was the most sig-nificant thing that was going on. 
I have been flying for a lot more 
years than most people in this Cham-ber have been alive. Because I have been an active pilot—I have been in aviation for many years—the people who have problems with the FAA would come to me to help them with their problems. I found this to be true back when I was mayor of Tulsa. We had a police force, a very good police force. There are a few bad guys who get in there. The same thing is true with the FAA. You have a few people who take advantage of the power they have and take licenses away from people. 
I remember 10 years ago, Bob Hoo-
ver—I bet none of you ever heard of Bob Hoover. Bob Hoover was arguably the best pilot in the history of avia-tion. He had a Shrike. A Shrike is a twin-engine Aero Commander. He would put a glass of water on the dash, and he would start doing barrel rolls and would not spill his glass of water. I would do barrel rolls, but I would spill my glass of water. This guy was really good. 
There was an inspection in the field, 
and Bob Hoover lost his pilot’s license. There was no reason for it. In order to get it back, I actually had to go to the floor, and it took a year to pass legisla-
tion that would stop that abuse from going on. That has continued. I have always helped people until it happened to me, and then that had a whole new feeling because people who are involved in aviation—the one thing they don’t want to lose is their pilot’s license. 
For many years, I was a builder and 
developer in South Padre Island, TX. We are on the east coast now. Nobody knows where Texas is here. They think there is no such thing as a nice coast with beaches and all of that unless it is on the east coast, but there is the Padre Island area of Texas. It has beau-tiful beaches. 
I was in the building business. We 
built condos and townhouses, and I al-ways enjoyed that. Keep in mind this is the southern tip of Texas. It is just as far south as Key West, FL, is, but it is in the middle of the country. We would go down there. I would fly my plane probably once a week for quite a num-ber of years. I went down, and I was making a normal landing. It is not a controlled field. You have your ap-proach controls that control it. The ap-proach control from valley approach—I am getting a little technical here, but I have a reason for telling this story. 
He said: All right, you are clear to 
land on runway 1–3 in Cameron County. I went up to land. Just before I touched down, with six passengers—so it was too late for a go-around—I saw that there were a bunch of people working on the runway. There wasn’t a big X on the runway, which is required. They claimed there was. They quickly paint-ed one on right after that. 
Everyone started criticizing me. I re-
member there was a front-page cartoon in the New York Times. Everyone was having a good time with that. The bot-tom line is, I didn’t do anything. They claimed there was a NOTAM. That is short for Notice to Airmen. The Notice to Airmen says that if you check your notice before you land on the field, you will find out if there is construction on the runway, if lights are out or some-thing else. Of course, we did that. There was no NOTAM. They claimed there was a NOTAM—the FAA did. They never could find it. 
Anyway, to bring us up-to-date, I in-
troduced and we passed the Pilot’s Bill of Rights. In our system, our legal holdout was where you are guilty until you are proven innocent if you are a pilot. That is the last—because one man’s accusation can turn into the rev-ocation of a license, so we introduced the Pilot’s Bill of Rights. We gave an opportunity, if they disagree with the FAA, if an accusation is made—or the NTSB—they can go to the Federal dis-trict court. That seemed to work out. 
The bill forced the FAA to put 
NOTAMs in one secure place where ev-erybody would have access to it, and all of these complaints that were made were dealt with, but a lot of the things we wanted to happen wouldn’t happen. 
In case you are wondering—I will 
take it off now since there is no reason to keep it on. Do you know what that 
is? That is the pass to get into Osh-kosh. The Chair knows this because the Chair’s husband has an FBO operation 
in Western Iowa. Anyway, I have gone to the largest aviation event worldwide in Oshkosh. It is the last weekend of July of every year. I have been to every one of those, along with my sons, for 36 years. I never missed one. I didn’t miss one last week either. Some things are really important. 
I went there with the idea that we 
have the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2 in order to correct the areas where the FAA is either not complying with the intent of the law or even the Federal district courts are not accepting cases. We are going to correct that. 
First of all, if it happens that Sen-
ator M
ANCHIN and Senator B OOZMAN  
offer their amendments, then I will be supporting their amendments. I am going to go over why it is important, but if as a result of the announcement that was made by the House of Rep-resentatives 2 hours ago we are not going to be having amendments, it is still introduced as a freestanding bill. I have 56 cosponsors. That is a lot of co-sponsors. If that happens, I want to mention a couple of things that are on here. 
There is a problem with the third- 
class medical. So 10 years ago, a deci-sion was made, and it was a good deci-sion. They took the light aircraft, and they said if you can drive a car, you can fly an airplane. They went ahead, and we have had 10 years’ experience now without a third-class medical cer-tificate. There has not been one acci-dent in 10 years where it was due to the fact that they didn’t have any third- class medical certificates. 
In this bill, we are taking that up to 
include a larger number of pilots, and to include airplanes as heavy as 6,000 pounds, carrying six passengers, not exceeding 250 knots, and several re-quirements like that in giving them the same opportunities the pilots of the light aircraft have. That is a part of this bill. I know there are a lot of people in this Chamber because I have talked with them, not a whole lot be-cause we have 56 cosponsors, but there are a lot of them who really believe that would somehow be dangerous. For that purpose, we have made several ex-ceptions to it. I will outline these be-cause I know there are some Members of this body that if this comes up as an amendment, they need to know this. 
First of all, on a third-class medical, 
we have the requirement for an online medical education course every 2 years. This will make sure the pilots coming up for renewal of their certificate are up-to-date on all of the new things that have transpired since the last time in the new medical requirements. 
The second thing it does is anyone 
who is a new pilot just coming on, he has to have a thorough examination that now you have to have every cou-ple of years. That hasn’t changed. 
And then the third would be the self- 
certification that takes place every 5 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.042 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5909 July 27, 2015 
years, which could actually be done 
with your own doctor. Those are some of the changes that have been made to make it a little bit easier for some Senators who will be voting on this legislation. 
The second area where the Pilot’s 
Bill of Rights did not—they addressed it, but there are two Federal judges. You are supposed to be able to go from the FAA to the NTSB, the National Transportation Safety Board, and then to the Federal District Court. What has happened in the past is that the NTSB has rubberstamped anything the FAA does, so really the FAA is making those decisions without proper due course which other people are entitled to. 
What we have done with this is— 
there are a couple of Federal judges who said they are not going to take a case on a pilot until they have ex-hausted all of the administrative rem-edies that come from the FAA and the NTSB. We have a solution to that in this bill so this actually explicitly states the pilots will have an option to appeal the FAA enforcement action di-rectly to the Federal courts for a guar-anteed de novo trial. De novo means, instead of taking the conclusions of the investigation from the FAA and risk-ing rubber stamping it, they have to have a trial from the beginning. That is a very significant change we are making. 
The other thing we neglected to do is 
include certificate holders other than pilots. You could be a mechanic, a flight attendant, or any number of things, and not be included in these legal opportunities, so the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2 allows all certificate hold-ers to have this. 
The third area is the access to the 
flight records. In my case, I could not get access as to what the FAA was ac-cusing me of. We thought we had this corrected in the Pilot’s Bill of Rights, but it still needs to be strengthened, so we have a section in the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 2 that requires the FAA to no-tify a certificate holder that he is being investigated and clarify the inci-dent being used to begin enforcement proceedings so that person will know what he has been accused of and can address it. 
The fourth area has to do with docu-
ment requests. The FAA has retaliated against pilots because the Pilot’s Bill of Rights 1 requested broad documents from them, which can be very time consuming and very costly, and it is not necessary at all. The solution to that is that we explicitly rein in the ability of the FAA to initiate the ex-pansive document request and limit them to the pertinent issues being in-vestigated by the FAA. That should correct that. 
We have several other items too. If 
somebody has a minor infraction in a car, then after 90 days, or so many days, it would be taken from their record. That is the way it used to be prior to 1996 when they had the Pilot Records Improvement Act of 1996, and 
now we will go back to where we were before that. 
Many of these issues that were prob-
lems before and weren’t corrected with the Pilot Bill of Rights are corrected, and I feel very comfortable with it. 
The reason I have all of this in my 
mind now is that I just came back from Oshkosh. Although I was there only 2 days, I was able to give 10 presen-tations, and there were a little less than a half-million pilots there at the time, so I am sure I got to all half-mil-lion of those pilots collectively with all of those events that we had. 
It is kind of interesting because for 
someone who is a pilot, that is the most important thing. We are not talk-ing about Democrats, Republicans, or things that are controversial. It is just that when you go to Oshkosh and you see what people have accomplished through experimentation and the tech-nology that has developed—it used to be that all planes had to be made out of aluminum, and this all changed with new types of things that were discov-ered at Oshkosh. People are building planes behind their garages. 
Well, anyway, so much for that. We 
have a good solution for all of these problems, and I will say to the 56 mem-bers that they are certainly very pop-ular among the pilots and the group I spent the last 2 days with. 
I mentioned that only because in the 
event that they change the rules around here, and we are allowed to have amendments that are not ger-mane, that would be one of the amend-ments that I would offer, and I want to be sure that we are at least getting things into the R
ECORD so people are 
aware of it. While there are no Mem-bers here right now, the staff is moni-toring everything that is going on, so I want to make sure people know that is an issue we may or may not be dealing with. 
It would be a surprise to me if the 
House of Representatives said: Well, we are just going to go home, and we are not going to pass this bill after we go through all of the trouble of passing it. I think there are ample votes to pass this legislation. Long-term reauthor-ization is a very important thing back in the States. 
The coalitions which are coming to-
gether on this legislation include the Department of Transportation for every State, along with the labor unions. They are supporting this legis-lation because it will provide a lot of jobs. The Chambers of Commerce are all involved; the farmers are all in-volved. This has the most popular sup-port of anything that we will deal with all year long, so we really need to have this bill. I am having a hard time be-lieving that if we go through the trou-ble of having a reauthorization bill, the House is not going to take it up, but that statement was made 2 hours ago, and that may be the situation. 
I can remember in the earlier days 
when the highway trust fund had one big problem: They always had a sur-
plus. They had too much money, but that has changed with the increased ef-ficiency of cars. Electric vehicles are using highways, but they are not pay-ing the gas tax. Consequently, we have a real problem with funding this legis-lation. 
If we take the total amount of reve-
nues that come from the gas tax, let’s say over the next 6 years because this is a 6-year bill, each year falls short by $15 billion. So we are looking at being short $90 billion over a 6-year period. 
I can say this because I think I may 
be ranked as the most conservative Member for a longer period of time than anybody else in the Senate. I can talk about this because this is a con-servative position. The conservative position is to have a long-term bill be-cause if we do short-term fixes, it costs—and this is irrefutable and no one disagrees with this—an additional 30 percent off the top if we do short- term extensions, and that is what we have been doing. We have had 33 short- term extensions since the 2005 bill that we passed expired in 2009, and that has used a very large amount of the money that was there to take care of the prob-lems with the roads and the highways. 
We do have problems out there, and 
it is going to take a long-term bill to take care of it. I have a feeling, since the money runs out on the last day of this month, that the House, if they are not going to take up our bill, they may just pass a short-term extension and then go home. That is not the way I think it should be done, we have to get this long-term bill. 
This is something that doesn’t hap-
pen very often, but now and then it does. We went through the same thing with the other big bill, which was the Defense authorization bill over the last 3 or 4 years, and they didn’t bring it up as they should have early in the year. I remember 2 years ago we passed our Defense authorization bill in June, and the leadership didn’t bring it up until December. If we hadn’t brought it up, then the kids who are out there risking their lives would lose their reenlist-ment bonuses, their hazard pay, and a lot of things would have happened. Just before the end of December, we were able to get it done. It is not the way things are supposed to be done around here. I certainly don’t want that done with the highway reauthor-ization bill, but that is what very like-ly could happen if the House does what they say they are going to do. 
With that, I do want to come back 
and go over some of the larger prob-lems that cannot be addressed unless we pass a long-term highway reauthor-ization bill. 
I will say this: There is a very fine 
FBO operation in Western Iowa called Red Oak. It just so happens that my son just left Red Oak on his way back from Oshkosh. It also happens that Red Oak is owned by the husband of a very prominent Senator in this body who happens to be presiding now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.044 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5910 July 27, 2015 
With that, I will come back later, 
and we will be talking about these things because I understand the next thing we are going to do is a vote at 10 tonight, unless some time is yielded back. I hope they will yield back their time. They are not down here talking, so there is no reason not to yield back time. If time is not yielded back, I will talk about some of the projects that will not be done unless we have a long- term reauthorization bill. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. JOHNSON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
HONORING MARINE SERGEANT CARSON  
HOLMQUIST  
Mr. JOHNSON. Madam President, I 
come to the floor to pay tribute to one of America’s sons who has fallen in the line of duty. Sgt Carson Holmquist was a 25-year-old marine from Grantsburg, WI, who lost his life tragically as a re-sult of the heinous act committed by a terrorist on July 16 in Chattanooga. 
Sergeant Holmquist was one of the 
finest among us. He gave his life to pre-serve the liberties upon which America was founded. He was a son, a husband, a father, and a very proud marine. 
He also must have been a great friend 
to all the people he knew and a man who was respected by many people he didn’t know. 
I was honored to attend his funeral 
this past Saturday, and I was witness to a tremendous outpouring of support. I saw a line—probably about 2 blocks long, three or four people wide—of citi-zens from all across Wisconsin and from several other States. 
Some of these people were Sergeant 
Holmquist’s relatives, some were his friends, many were brothers-in-arms, both past and present. Still others were citizens who had no personal connec-tion to Sergeant Holmquist. They came simply to pay their respects to a man who swore to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. 
They came to honor a man who so 
loved America that he chose to serve in faraway lands. He revered freedom, so he sacrificed his own freedom that we may be free. He defended our right to live as individuals by yielding his own individuality in that noble cause. He valued life. Yet he bravely readied him-self to lay down his own life in humble service to his comrades-in-arms, to his family, and to his Nation. 
For 239 years, our service men and 
women have served as guardians of our freedom. The cost of that vigilance has been high. Since the Revolutionary War, more than 42 million men and women have served in our military, and more than 1 million of those self-less heroes have given their lives. Wis-consin has borne its share of that sac-rifice. Since statehood, more than 
27,000 of Wisconsin’s sons and daugh-ters have died in military service. Sta-tistics cannot possibly convey the weight of these losses. Statistics are merely numbers that could never fully communicate the qualities of prom-ising lives which were cut far too short. Statistics say nothing of unfulfilled hopes and dreams. 
So instead of numbers such as 1 mil-
lion or 27,000, I ask everyone to think for a moment about a much smaller but yet even more staggering number— simply the number one. Sergeant Holmquist was one man, loved and cherished by family and friends. He was one man whose loss is a tremendous blow to Wisconsin and to this great Na-tion. 
He was one man, but his sacrifice was 
not his alone. His parents Thomas and LaBrenda, his wife Jasmine, his son Wyatt, and every other relative and friend left behind are experiencing pro-found loss and grief. But tragedy mul-tiplies. It is not contained. For those left behind, the pain may slowly sub-side, but the wound will never heal. 
The Holmquist family loved Carson 
dearly, and our hearts go out to them. I pray they will find peace and comfort amid overwhelming tragic loss. 
The torch of freedom burns brightly 
because of men like Sergeant Holmquist. May God bless and comfort the sergeant’s loved ones. May He watch over those who have answered the Nation’s call. May God bless Amer-ica. 
I yield the floor. Madam President, I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS REPORT  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
rise because I am deeply and pro-foundly disappointed in this year’s ‘‘Trafficking in Persons Report’’ that was released today. By upgrading Ma-laysia and Cuba, which were at tier 3— the worst tier at which any country could be considered—the administra-tion has turned its back on the victims of trafficking and turned a blind eye to the facts and politicized the report, and they completely ignored the calls from Congress, from leading human rights advocates, from the realities on the ground in Cuba, and from Malaysian Government officials themselves to preserve the integrity of this exceed-ingly important report. They have suc-ceeded in elevating political consider-ations and political goals above the most fundamental principles of basic human rights. 
I heard Secretary Kerry, in his pres-
entation of the report, say something to the extent that we should not put a 
price on our fellow human beings’ free-dom. Well, it seems we have in this case. In arbitrarily upgrading Malaysia and Cuba, they are clearly politicizing the report, giving an undeserved stamp of approval to countries that have failed to take the basic actions that would merit this upgrade. This flies in the face of what Malaysians themselves want. In Malaysia, members of the Par-liament, the legal profession, and human rights activists have urged the United States to support their efforts to maintain the tier 3 ranking they tell us Malaysia deserves. Today we have failed them. 
In Cuba, adults and children are sub-
jected to sex trafficking, and the gov-ernment continues perpetrating abu-sive practices of forced labor. The ad-ministration’s decision to upgrade Cuba defies common sense. In the State Department’s own words, Cuba is a source country where adults and chil-dren—children—are subjected to sex trafficking and forced labor. 
In the case of forced labor, the Castro 
regime itself is the single greatest per-petrator of forced labor in Cuba. Every year the Cuban Government coerces tens of thousands of its own doctors and medical professionals to serve in foreign missions under conditions that violate international norm. The Castro regime restricts the movement of its doctors while they are overseas, takes their passports from them, and often prevents family visits. Additionally, the Cuban Government garnishes its doctors’ wages by more than 70 per-cent, using what should be a humani-tarian mission as a means to fill its own coffers. 
This gross violation of international 
standards is so bad that the United States has a specific parole program for Cuban doctors who have been sub-jected to forced labor conditions by the Castro regime. We have our own special parole program for Cuban doctors who have been subjected to forced labor conditions by the Castro regime. Thou-sands of Cuban doctors have come to the United States as a result. 
So at a time when these doctors are 
being received into the United States on humanitarian parole, we are going to turn a blind eye to the fact that the Castro regime is the sole responsible actor. This raises one question. Is this yet another emerging detail of some-thing that the administration and the Cuban Government have been dis-cussing in recent months, another de-mand of the Castro regime that the United States had to agree to in the name of normalizing the relations? They are willing to look the other way on human rights in order to normalize relations? As the State Department’s own report recognizes, there has been no progress—no progress—on forced labor in Cuba. Given that reality, any upgrade of the country’s ranking chal-lenges common sense. 
So I intend to use all the tools at my 
disposal—from hearings, to a call for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.045 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5911 July 27, 2015 
investigations, to legislation—to chal-
lenge these upgrades. The credibility and commitment of the United States to fighting the scourge of modern-day slavery is on the line. We spent an enormous amount of time in this Sen-ate on the legislation Senator C
ORNYN  
had, along with others, on modern-day slavery, spent a lot of time on it in the 
Foreign Relations Committee on which I am privileged to serve under Senator C
ORKER , who had his own legislation 
about how we deal with human traf-ficking in the world—modern-day slav-ery, as he calls it. So we need to make clear that the ‘‘Trafficking in Persons Report’’ must not be subjected to polit-ical manipulation. 
I am utterly dismayed at the admin-
istration’s decision to upgrade Malay-sia and Cuba under these cir-cumstances. It represents a bastardi-zation of the trafficking-in-persons ranking process and calls into question the credibility of the ‘‘Trafficking in Persons Report,’’ and it takes away the power to incentivize real progress. The administration’s upgrade of Malaysia as well as Cuba compromises American values in the interest of promoting a trade agenda with a country that has consistently failed to uphold human rights. One can only characterize this action as a cynical maneuver to get around the clear intent of Congress with no regard for the effect on a key measurement tool of a country’s human trafficking record. This not only represents the latest release of the ‘‘Trafficking in Persons Report’’ in the history of its publication—nearly a full 2 months’ overdue—but calls into question this administration’s commit-ment to uphold human rights. 
We all know that the Malaysian Gov-
ernment has not undertaken a con-sistent, serious effort that would war-rant an upgrade. 
As I have noted before on other occa-
sions, on April 17 of this year, the U.S. Ambassador to Malaysia—our Ambas-sador to Malaysia—said that the Ma-laysian Government needs to show greater political will in prosecuting human traffickers and protecting their victims if the country hopes to im-prove on its current lowest ranking in the ‘‘Trafficking In Persons Report.’’ This is the person on the ground in Ma-laysia representing the U.S. Govern-ment who has eyes on what is hap-pening, and he said on April 17 that, in fact, the Malaysian Government needs to show greater political will in pros-ecuting human traffickers and pro-tecting their victims if the country wanted to rise from tier 3 to a better tier 2 standard. 
On June 1, the Assistant Secretary of 
State for Population, Migration and Refugees, Anne Richard, reaffirmed that ‘‘this year’s report covers up to March 2015, which means Malaysia’s handling of the Rohingya refugee crisis will only be reflected in the 2016 re-port.’’ According to the Assistant Sec-retary, then, actions taken after March of this year, good or bad, should cer-tainly not be reflected in this year’s 
evaluation. 
Well, if you are not going to reflect 
the mass graves of Rohingya Muslims and what the Government of Malaysia did or did not do—the holding pens of humans—because it came after the re-porting period, then you can’t claim that the government’s action to pass a law that has no teeth, no enforcement, 
and that hasn’t even been put into ef-fect after the date—the same date that you say you cannot consider the plight of hundreds who lost their lives—then you can’t consider the passage of a hol-low bill. It doesn’t work both ways. 
Even the Malaysian Bar, the Malay-
sian association of legal professionals, stated in a letter last week: ‘‘If there is any lesson to be learnt from recent ex-perience, it must be that the govern-ment has an excellent record of draft-ing written plans, but a less than satis-factory record of implementing them. As such, the upgrade of Malaysia, if it were to occur, would be premature and undeserved.’’ 
The fact is, by the admission of the 
‘‘Trafficking in Persons Report,’’ the Malaysian Government had only three human rights convictions in 2014—a two-thirds decrease from the last re-port. So compared to the last ‘‘Traf-ficking in Persons Report,’’ they had a two-thirds decrease in their convic-tions of human rights abuses. Yet they get an upgrade. Wow. That is a surefire way to send a message across the world that we are serious about human traf-ficking. Frankly, that is beyond com-prehension and common sense. 
There can be no clearer statement 
nor a more compelling statement that we have lowered the bar on human trafficking and lessened the value of the one report the world relies on to evaluate the behavior of nations. The events of recent months have clearly shown that the Malaysian Government has not even begun to adequately ad-dress its human trafficking problem. Thousands of victims continue to be exploited through sex trafficking and forced labor. And it was unnecessary to do this, having passed an amendment that said tier 3 countries in the ‘‘Traf-ficking in Persons Report’’ of the State Department would not be allowed pref-erential access to the U.S. market un-less they cleaned up their record, which had strong bipartisan support of the members of the Senate Finance Committee and ultimately was incor-porated in the TPA, the trade pro-motion authority legislation that passed the Senate and was sent to the House. In good faith, because of con-cerns that maybe that would under-mine the Trans-Pacific Partnership, in good faith I negotiated an amend-ment—a provision to change it in the amendment that would have said you could still negotiate with Malaysia, but they had to clean up their act if you concluded that negotiation and they were part of TPP. They had to clean up their act on human traf-ficking before they got the preferential access to U.S. markets. I thought it 
was a significant give on my part, con-sidering the vote of the Senate, but it was a good-faith effort. So this wasn’t even necessary to do unless you just want to give Malaysia a pass. The goal was to take the full weight of the TPP deal off of the ‘‘Trafficking in Persons Report’’ process. 
Instead of choosing the route we 
worked out together, requiring the President to testify in writing that Ma-laysia has taken concrete steps to deal with its very serious human trafficking problem, the administration backed out. I therefore see no reason why the comprehensive ban on fast-track for tier 3 human traffickers should now be amended. I see no reason why my will-ingness to accommodate should be amended. 
This underscores the need for further 
oversight of the trafficking in persons process, both legislatively and through the noble work of human rights groups here in Washington and out in the field. 
I plan to work with my colleagues to 
advance my amendment to the State authorization bill passed by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last month which requires the State De-partment to notify Congress of all traf-ficking in persons upgrades and down-grades 30 days prior to the release of the report. 
I am looking forward to speaking to 
the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to see if he, with-in a very busy schedule because we have all of the Iran nuclear review— but it seems to me this merits a con-gressional hearing to determine what went on here. If I, for some reason, can-not achieve that, then I may very well turn to the inspector general of the De-partment to seek a report as to what went on. 
Despite the clear will of Congress, 
this administration has made a mis-take and will now have to answer ques-tions as to its ability to objectively evaluate global human trafficking. The hard-working, committed NGOs that labor in the field to fight human traf-ficking and the countless victims who continue to suffer deserve an honest re-flection of American values, not an ar-bitrary determination based upon expe-diency in achieving a limited political objective rather than a real solution. 
I look forward to working with all of 
the groups that have been instru-mental in shining a light on the con-tinued human rights abuses that take place in Malaysia, in Cuba, and else-where, to ensure that the integrity of the ‘‘Trafficking in Persons Report’’ is restored. 
Thousands and thousands of men, 
women, and children around the world who are the victims of human traf-ficking—it is on their behalf that I come to the floor. It is in their interest and in the interest of responsible trade policy that recognizes there can be no reward to nations that ignore those types of trafficking in persons and do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.047 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5912 July 27, 2015 
nothing to end the scourge of what 
amounts to modern-day slavery, one of the great moral challenges of our time. 
It is for the world’s 50 million refu-
gees and displaced people—the largest number since World War II, many of whom are targets of traffickers. Be-cause they are displaced, have nowhere to go, they are preyed upon. We have the largest number since World War II of refugees in the world. It is for the 36 million women and 5 million children around the world subjected to involun-tary labor or sexual exploitation. For the victims of these crimes, the term ‘‘modern slavery’’ more starkly de-scribes what is happening around the world. 
I will continue to fight against 
human trafficking in all its forms. I in-tend to fight for the integrity of a re-port that is a critical tool for us to be able to not only cast the light upon human trafficking in the world but to get countries to understand they must meet this great moral challenge and change the course of events in their country. That is why I come so incred-ibly upset to the Senate floor on some-thing I never thought would have hap-pened, but it has. We need to change it and change the course of events. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CYBER SECURITY  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, today I 
rise to speak about the Nation’s cyber security. Prior to being elected to the Senate, I spent nearly 12 years working at a cloud computing company. This is a company we started from virtually nothing. We took the company public, and we grew to over 1,000 employees. It became a leading cloud computing company in the customer experience sector. I have seen firsthand the oppor-tunities created by advances in tech-nology, but I have also seen the power Big Data holds because our informa-tion becomes currency for both compa-nies and for hackers. 
These risks are even greater when 
they impact our children, and as the daddy of four children, I know the im-portance of maintaining a close rela-tionship between the parents and their children’s school. Today, student elec-tronic records are used in schools across the country, and updates can be easily made and can follow a student from one school to another. This more accurately reflects the nature of stu-dents’ movements within the school system. 
But at a time when overseas hackers 
are fighting to gain access to any infor-mation they can, these technological gains also come with some risks. Se-curing students’ digital information is critical to ensuring that our kids’ pri-vacy is protected. That is why I am 
grateful and proud to announce that I joined Senator B
LUMENTHAL in intro-
ducing the SAFE KIDS Act. 
The Safeguarding American Families 
from Exposure by Keeping Information and Data Secure—the SAFE KIDS Act—protects student privacy by es-tablishing clear parameters for third- party operators when using data col-
lected from students. This bipartisan legislation empowers parents to con-trol access to their children’s informa-tion because keeping personally identi-fiable information secure will lead to a uniform way to secure our students’ data. By placing that power back in the hands of the students, in the hands of the parents, and in the hands of the schools, we can make progress toward protecting the privacy of our children because our schools and our kids aren’t the only ones at risk for a serious breach. 
This week we are debating ways to 
provide the certainty and resources needed to improve our Nation’s infra-structure—our roads, our bridges, our ports, our highways—but recent news reminds us that we must also consider the security of the cars that are driv-ing on our roadways. In fact, just in the past week, news broke that Fiat Chrysler announced a recall of 1.4 mil-lion vehicles due to a vulnerability that could allow hackers to disable the vehicles on the highways. In fact, through the radio of a Jeep Cherokee, hackers disabled the vehicle’s trans-mission as a driver drove onto a public highway in St. Louis. This episode is telling in that cyber hacks can affect every sector of our economy, from the financial sector to our automotive manufacturers. 
Our military installations across the 
globe are also vulnerable to an attack, according to a new report from the GAO. In fact, our utility systems that provide water, electricity, and other essential services to our military in-stallations worldwide have limited de-fenses against cyber attacks. Report details that the industrial control sys-tem—ICS—the computers that monitor or operate physical utility infrastruc-ture, ‘‘have very little in the way of se-curity controls and cybersecurity measures in place.’’ In fact, in a recent July 25 Military Times article, they cite: ‘‘An example of a successful cyber-physical attack through an ICS was the ‘Stuxnet.’’’ It was a computer virus that was used to attack Iranian centrifuges in 2010. By hacking the Ira-nian nuclear facility’s ICS, the cen-trifuges were made to operate incor-rectly, causing extensive damage. 
The fears of a massive cyber security 
breach don’t only rest in the Pentagon. Just yesterday, Attorney General Lo-retta Lynch said on ABC’s ‘‘This Week’’ that a cyber attack by the Is-lamic State is one of the terrorist group’s biggest emerging threats to our country. In fact, during the interview, Attorney General Lynch noted that the terrorist group now boasts over 20,000 English language Twitter followers. 
Our country’s most sensitive data can be in the hands of our enemies at the mere click of a button or press of a screen. 
As I speak today, we have yet to ob-
tain answers from the Obama adminis-tration on the scope and the perpetra-tors from the massive hack at the Of-fice of Personnel Management. This at-tack has paralyzed the Obama adminis-tration. They haven’t put in place any real, meaningful reforms at OPM. I have called for Chief Information Offi-cer Donna Seymour’s resignation since June 24. Yet she still remains in her post and we still don’t have any con-crete answers for the 21 million-plus Federal employees who were victims of this attack. 
We must do more. We must act more 
quickly and more nimbly than those seeking to wage a terror attack on our Nation’s cyber security infrastructure. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about the freight division of the DRIVE Act, the highway transpor-tation bill that is under consideration before us at the moment. 
The freight provisions represent the 
combined efforts of both the Commerce Committee, which I have the honor of chairing, and the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. To create this division, we incorporate a number of provisions from legislation offered by Senator C
ANTWELL , Senator M AR-
KEY, Senator B OOKER , Senator M URRAY , 
and the administration’s GROW AMERICA Act proposal. We worked very hard to incorporate and make this a bipartisan product. We took into con-sideration suggestions that were made by our colleagues, many of whom serve on the Commerce Committee and some who don’t, but we got to a point where we feel as if we had a good product that incorporates the best ideas—not every-thing, obviously, that everybody want-ed but that addressed many of the issues that pertained to our particular part of this legislation. 
The language included in the Com-
merce Committee’s freight program also drew from recommendations made by the Department of Transportation’s nonpartisan National Freight Advisory Committee—another entity we looked to and consulted with respect to these particular provisions of the bill. 
Because of our Nation’s vast trans-
portation network, freight can move by rail, it can move by aircraft, it can move by truck, and it can move by ship. It is multimodal. Under the bipar-tisan legislation before the Senate, freight-planning efforts will be con-centrated under the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.049 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5913 July 27, 2015 
Transportation. This is to reflect the 
multimodal nature of how goods are transported and to ensure the involve-ment of various agencies which regu-late different forms of transportation is properly coordinated. 
Because freight moves from truck to 
rail to port, freight planning must con-sider these connections, and it must in-clude the development of a strategy to expand capacity and to increase effi-ciency to meet growing demand. This is especially true when it comes to fo-cusing infrastructure investment deci-sions. Growing demand indicates and fuels a growing economy. We need a plan to handle the significant growth of freight traffic we expect in the com-ing years. 
The Department of Transportation 
notes that, by 2040, our transportation system is projected to haul an addi-tional 9 billion tons of freight. That represents a 45 percent increase over what we move today. As our economy recovers and continues to grow, we will continue to need additional freight in-frastructure. The freight network serves our import and export needs and is a critical element of our economic competitiveness. 
Bottlenecks and delays have signifi-
cant economic cost. Freight is, by na-ture, not just a highway problem. Air-ports, ports, and railroads connect farms, manufacturing centers, and the markets they serve. 
Freight needs are not just urban 
issues. They are also very important for rural America. Advancing agricul-tural freight projects is necessary for the economies of many States, so en-suring planning and funding for these projects is also critical. Keeping freight transportation costs low keeps American farmers competitive in the global marketplace. 
In the winter of 2014, South Dakota 
faced significant challenges moving grain from the State due to congestion in the rail network. When the freight couldn’t move, farmers weren’t getting paid. Commodities faced spoilage due to a lack of available storage space. 
Agriculture is the leading driver of 
South Dakota’s economy. Delays and the significant increased costs of mov-ing grain by rail negatively impacted the pocketbooks of many of the farm-ers in my State. This, in turn, reduced Main Street’s bottom line as well. 
More recently, the West Coast port 
slowdowns delayed shipments to and from stores in South Dakota and across the country. Agricultural prod-ucts for export were delayed, and im-ports of products from lumber, medical supplies, and automobiles to basic re-tail goods were delayed. This was an unforced error that harmed our econ-omy for way too many months. 
This labor strife underscored the 
interconnected nature of our transpor-tation system and how vital our freight infrastructure is to each and to every State in this country. In fact, the re-sulting strife was widely cited as a con-tributing cause of the U.S. economy ac-tually shrinking in the first quarter of 
2015. 
Protecting our competitiveness is at 
the core of this legislation’s freight program that was developed between the Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation Committee and my colleagues on the Environment and Public Works Committee. 
Planning for and fixing our freight 
network will create and maintain jobs over the long term. Reducing delays and lowering the price of freight trans-portation serves the entire supply chain and, ultimately, the American consumer. 
That is why the freight division in 
the DRIVE Act is so important. The bill improves the planning process, en-gaging States and stakeholders to help plan for future freight needs. States will provide a forward-looking plan to address these freight needs step by step. These plans will develop invest-ment strategies and prioritize projects for funding. 
The bill’s consolidated strategy that 
plans for both highway projects and multimodal projects is a significant improvement over what we have today—or the status quo. In addition, the Environment and Public Works Committee developed a highway trust fund formula program that will support critical projects in every State. In the first year alone, the bill provides $450 million of grant funding to assist with these critical investments. 
Projects to improve rail grade cross-
ings, port facilities, and connections between freight modes of transpor-tation will have access to these new re-sources. This will reduce the time and the cost of moving goods. 
The Coalition for America’s Gate-
ways and Trade Corridors noted that the planning and strategy outlined in the bill is ‘‘a significant step forward for multimodal freight planning and policy.’’ The American Association of Port Authorities says: ‘‘Elevating a policy for freight within your legisla-tion sends a strong message that freight must continue to be a priority and that planning, funding, and the es-tablishment of a multimodal freight network are critical for the economic growth of our nation.’’ 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
full statements of these two organiza-tions I just mentioned. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Coalition for America’s Gateways 
and Trade Corridors, July 16, 2015] 
GOODS MOVEMENT COALITION APPLAUDS COM-
MERCE FREIGHT POLICY , CALLS FOR FREIGHT  
FUNDING  
(By Executive Director Elaine Nessle) 
WASHINGTON , DC.—Yesterday the Senate 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation approved a six-year transpor-tation bill, the Comprehensive Transpor-tation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, S.1732. Included in the bill is a freight chap-ter, providing a focus on multimodal freight planning and policy. The Comprehensive Transportation and 
Consumer Protection Act of 2015 is a signifi-cant step forward for multimodal freight planning and policy. I commend Chairman Thune and the Committee members for de-veloping policy that incorporates the many modes of transportation that move freight. The proposal contains several policy objec-tives held by the Coalition for America’s Gateways and Trade Corridors, including creation of a multimodal national freight policy and the call for designation of a multimodal national freight network to in-form transportation planning and improve investment decision making. 
While this proposal is a step in the right 
direction, dedicated freight funding is nec-essary to make targeted system improve-
ments. The Coalition has long called for a minimum annual investment of $2 billion in addition to current programs of funding. A freight investment grant program, with multimodal project eligibility that distrib-utes funding on a competitive basis, is need-ed to make strategic investments. Busi-nesses and agricultural producers rely on our national multimodal freight system to move goods to market and support growth. To re-main competitive in the global market place, we must invest in the system that moves our nation’s commerce.’’ 
Demonstrating the large number of 
projects that stand to benefit from a com-petitive grant approach, CAGTC published in April a booklet titled ‘‘Freight Can’t Wait.’’ The booklet contains a sampling of signifi-cant freight infrastructure projects that could be realized with federal resources, like funding distributed through a competitive freight investment grant program. 
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION  
OFPORTAUTHORITIES , 
Alexandria, VA, July 23, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNTHUNE , 
Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science and 
Transportation, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
Hon. J
AMES M. I NHOFE , 
Chairman, Committee on Environment and Pub-
lic Works, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
Hon. B ILLNELSON , 
Ranking Member, Committee on Commerce, 
Science and Transportation, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
Hon. B
ARBARA BOXER , 
Ranking Minority Member, Committee on Envi-
ronment and Public Works, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN THUNE , CHAIRMAN INHOFE , 
RANKING MEMBER NELSON AND RANKING MI-
NORITY MEMBER BOXER : On behalf of the 
American Association of Port Authorities (AAPA) I want to thank you for your leader-ship on the freight policy and funding provi-sions included in Division D of the DRIVE Act (H.R. 22) that will be considered on the Senate floor over the next week. 
AAPA is the unified and collective voice of 
the seaport industry in the Americas. AAPA empowers port authorities, maritime indus-try partners and service providers to serve their global customers and create economic and social value for their communities. Our activities, resources and partnerships con-nect, inform and unify seaport leaders and maritime professionals in all segments of the industry around the western hemisphere. This letter is on behalf of our U.S. members. 
The approach of grouping the Environment 
and Public Works and Commerce Commit-tees’ jurisdictions into one division within the DRIVE Act is a positive step forward. This grouping reinforces a top AAPA pri-ority—that freight policy must be integrated as well as intermodal in order to be efficient, safe and secure. In the past, freight policy and funding measures have been fragmented. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.051 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5914 July 27, 2015 
Elevating a policy for freight within your 
legislation sends a strong message that freight must continue to be a priority and that planning funding and the establishment of a multimodal freight network are critical for the economic growth of our nation. 
We look forward to continuing to work 
with you on building the freight provisions in the DRIVE Act as the legislation moves forward. 
Sincerely, 
K
URTNAGLE , 
President and CEO. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the legis-
lation before the Senate is a critically important part of addressing our Na-tion’s current and future transpor-tation investments. As Senator C
ANT-
WELL often says: Freight can’t wait. 
The DRIVE Act includes these crit-
ical freight provisions that will help our economy and lead to job creation. Strengthening our freight program is yet one more reason to support this legislation. 
Mr. President, I hope before all is 
said and done in the Senate we will complete action on this legislation this week and get many of these provisions, which are so important to our econ-omy, so important to jobs, and so im-portant to America’s competitiveness, passed into law. 
Of course, first we have to get action 
by the House of Representatives in order to get it to the President’s desk, but the work that has gone into this is the product of a lot of various Members and committees, those from the stake-holder community offering their input and consultation to get us to the point we are today where I think we have a product we can be proud of and that we can say actually will help address the freight challenges and the needs we have across this country and make our economy even more competitive. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2327 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise 
today with regard to one of the parts of the highway bill we are talking about, and that is the Export-Import Bank, otherwise known as Ex-Im. 
I rise today as somebody who feels 
strongly we need to have a long-term highway bill. I am glad we are on the floor with that because it is about jobs and crumbling infrastructure. I am also pleased that within this bill there is some regulatory reform on the per-mitting process, and I thank the au-thors for including my permitting re-form bill. But I also am pleased by the fact we also voted to add as an amend-ment the reauthorization of this Bank called the Export-Import Bank. 
If I may, let me talk about why this 
is so important to Ohio jobs and to jobs around this country and to keeping our 
economy from falling behind. Some people say: Well, why do we need the government involved in this business of providing financing or credit to compa-nies that do business overseas? Well, frankly, it is because often these are relatively high-risk ventures, so com-panies cannot get the credits, the guar-antees or the loans from private-sector companies. 
I will give a few examples of this in 
a minute, but it is also because of the fact that other countries all over the world have these export credit sub-sidies. In fact, we are pikers. We have a lot less than our competitors. On av-erage, our competitors do a lot more in terms of supporting their exports than we do. 
So we need to have this in order to 
ensure that we don’t lose jobs in this country. By our unilaterally saying we are not going to help our companies to export, we are shooting ourselves in the foot. 
Now, if these other countries around 
the world were to say, you know what, we are going to back off on our export financing, that would be great. When I was U.S. Trade Representative back in the Bush administration, that is what I pushed for. I think we should be get-ting rid of these subsidies. 
By the way, also in terms of agri-
culture subsidies and others, if there were a level playing field, where our competitors were not doing this, it would be a different world. I will note one thing I like about the amendment that was adopted—or at least the clo-ture vote here and the amendment that is likely to be adopted to this bill on the Export-Import Bank—is that it re-quires, as one of the reforms—and, yes, I think it should be reformed—that the administration begin the process of an international negotiation to get rid of these export subsidies all over the world. 
In the meantime, if we as the United 
States of America say unilaterally that we are going to stop these export sub-sidies through this financing mecha-nism, we are going to lose jobs. It is not just we are not going to create jobs that would be otherwise created by these projects, it is the fact that some companies will actually move overseas to take advantage of the export sub-sidies in other countries. They have told me this, and I am sure they have told other Senators this, and Senators know this. 
I view this in pretty simple terms: 
No. 1, this program actually puts money back into the coffers every year rather than taking money out. I think it added about $650 million or so to our surplus last year. Over time it has added billions of dollars, so it is not costing taxpayer money. It brought $7 million in profits to the U.S. Treasury since 1992. Last year it generated $675 million in profits, and by the way, it created 164,000 jobs and $27 billion in exports. So No. 1, it is not one of these government programs that is costing the taxpayer. No. 2, other countries are doing it, 
and if we don’t do it, they will continue to do it and we will lose out on jobs, on contracts. I am told, for instance, that right now, while this program is in flux—where we are not sure whether it will go forward or not because it has already technically expired—there are 100 transactions sitting in the pipeline worth more than $9 billion, and those transactions won’t go forward unless we take action. So again, this is one where the United States of America would be shooting itself in the foot by saying we are not going to expand ex-ports to the detriment of our workers. 
Then No. 3, yes, we ought to get busy 
on reforms to the Export-Import Bank, to make it more transparent. I think that is good. One of the reforms in here, as I said earlier, is to ensure the President submits a strategy for end-ing government supported export sub-sidies internationally. The Obama ad-ministration should be more aggressive at that. I believe that is appropriate, and they should be doing it. 
By the way, it also creates a risk 
management committee to oversee the Bank’s risk exposure. It also sets up a new nonpolitical chief ethics officer to provide oversight with regard to the ethics practices of Bank employees. That is all important, and I support all those reforms. I could probably support some more, too, but let us not shoot ourselves in the foot and lose these good-paying jobs we have in this coun-try. 
I view it frankly a lot like the trade 
debate we just had. What we want to do in trade is have a balance, where we are sending more exports overseas, cre-ating more jobs in this country—in my State of Ohio, in the Presiding Officer’s State of Indiana, and other States around this country—at the same time leveling the playing field by increasing our enforcement and stopping the un-fair imports from other countries—the dumping and the subsidies. 
In the trade bill—we talked a lot 
about this over the last month—we ac-tually got in place a new amendment to help companies be able to deal with unfairly traded imports, to get a rem-edy right away, and it is already work-ing. S
HERROD BROWN , my colleague 
from Ohio, and I put together an amendment. It is part of the trade bill that was passed. Already, tire workers in Ohio, United Steelworkers union employees in Ohio have been able to take advantage of that because they got a positive determination from the International Trade Commission, in part because we gave them better tools. We improved the law to be able to more easily show they have been in-jured by these unfairly traded imports that are sold below cost or dumped or subsidized and so that they can get the relief needed to avoid losing so many jobs that they go out of business. 
That is one thing we ought to be 
doing to expand exports—more trade. Another thing we ought to be doing is ensuring we aren’t pulling back on this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.010 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5915 July 27, 2015 
export financing—again, it doesn’t cost 
the taxpayers anything—at a time when we are under-exporting compared to what we should be doing as a coun-try. 
When we look at our exports per cap-
ita in the United States of America, I think we are somewhere between Tonga and Ethiopia in terms of our ex-ports per capita. Other countries de-pend a lot more on trade than we do. 
We need to export more. Why? It cre-
ates good jobs—jobs that pay 13 per-cent to 15 percent more on average and offer better benefits. The last thing we want to do is to pull the rug out from under these exporters by saying we are going to change the law to make it even harder to export and put Amer-ican workers at a disadvantage vis-a- vis the rest of the world. 
It is the same thing with regard to 
trade policy, generally. Let’s expand exports by opening up markets for our products through good trade agree-ments, and let’s enforce the laws and increase the enforcement, as we did with regard to the amendment I talked about earlier. That makes it easier for those tire workers at Cooper Tire in Ohio and around the country to be able to say: This isn’t fair. The Chinese tires—in this case—are coming in under cost and are being subsidized. We want our government to stand up for us so we can compete and so we can ex-port more of our product. 
So if we were not to allow this Ex-
port-Import Bank to continue, it would be running counter to everything we just did in the trade bill. We want more exports. 
The final thing I have to say, again, 
is if we don’t allow American compa-nies to compete globally as American workers making products here in America, some of these companies are going to go overseas. A lot of them al-ready have production overseas. Let’s be honest. A lot of these U.S. multi-national companies make things all over the world on two, three, four con-tinents. They can shift production overseas, and then they take advantage of the export guarantees in that coun-try. That is what some of them have told me they are likely to do if we don’t have an export guarantee in this country and we don’t do anything about the international situation, where these other countries do more than we do. 
That reminds me of another topic we 
ought to be taking up here on the floor of the Senate, and that is tax reform, because our Tax Code does the same thing. Our Tax Code says to an Amer-ican company: You can’t compete fair-ly. You have to compete with one hand tied behind your back. It is the Amer-ican workers who are hurt by this be-cause our tax rate is so high. Because of the way we tax internationally, we make it an advantage to be a foreign company. That is why so many U.S. companies are becoming foreign com-panies. Last year there were twice as many transactions in dollar terms— twice as many as the year before—of 
foreign companies taking over U.S. companies, driven largely by our ineffi-cient and out-of-date Tax Code. 
So if we combine all of these—if we 
combine what is going on with trade, if we combine what is going on with our tax system—we certainly don’t want to put our workers at a further disadvan-tage by pulling the rug out from under them with regard to this export financ-ing. Yes, let’s try to get the rest of the world to do the right thing. But in the meantime, let’s not shoot ourselves in the foot. 
On many of these projects overseas, 
there is a de facto requirement that you have to have financing from a gov-ernment. All these other countries pro-vide it. So whether in Africa, Asia or in some of these other emerging econo-mies, they say: Where is your financ-ing? This is why, as I said, there are about 100 projects in limbo right now. 
Let me talk about some of the com-
panies in Ohio that benefit from this Export-Import Bank—again, this bank that actually puts money back into the coffers every year. I have talked to these companies, and I have talked to the workers on the line whose jobs are at stake because of what we are going to decide here in this body. 
One is U.S. Bridge. They are in Cam-
bridge, OH. They have been manufac-turing and building bridges in America and around the world for 81 years. They are quite a success story. Their global business depends on the financial guar-antees of the Export-Import Bank. They can’t compete in bidding for these projects around the world with-out it. Recently, they got a $100 mil-lion contract to build bridges in West Africa, but it was immediately put in jeopardy after they got it because Con-gress refused to move on the Ex-Im Bank one way or the other. We just al-lowed it to expire without even voting on it. That is one of those projects cur-rently in limbo. They have 150 employ-ees in a very small county with high unemployment in Eastern Ohio. 
If they get this job we talked about 
to build bridges in West Africa, they say they can add up to 50 new manufac-turing workers with this one contract. That is a big deal for a family-owned company that has been a cornerstone of the eastern part of Ohio in the small town of Cambridge, which has 10,000 people. That is 50 jobs right there, in a small town in an area of Ohio that has high unemployment, that are at stake if we don’t move on Export-Import Bank. 
Let me talk about McGregor Metal-
working in Springfield, OH. I know a lot about the McGregor family because they are distant cousins of mine. My family was the McCullough family. They came to Springfield from Scot-land. 
The McGregors run a company that 
is a staple of the community. They are pillars in the community. They have skilled trade jobs. The workers there get good pay and good benefits. How-ever, they are very concerned about 
what is going on with the Ex-Im Bank. More than 60 workers at McGregor work directly on products that depend on Ex-Im financing. That is about 16 percent of McGregor’s sales. They are not a big company, but they are a real-ly important company to that commu-nity, to those workers, and to their families. 
So to the people who have stood up 
on this floor over the last couple of days and said this is not about jobs, this is about jobs, folks. This is not just about big businesses. Yes, it is about them, and that is important too. We want those jobs here as well. It is also about a lot of small businesses. 
I recently spoke to some of the work-
ers at McGregor. They told me there are a lot of manufacturing issues they just can’t control—their health care costs, which are going up. ObamaCare has not helped. It has made it worse. In Ohio, they are told their costs are going to go up between 10 percent and 33 percent next year. That is what the insurance companies have told them. The price of steel goes up and down. Sometimes it is tough to get the skills to be able to compete and to get these jobs in places such as McGregor. Those are things that are out of their control. But Ex-Im is something they know we can control, and they are wondering why we are making it even more dif-ficult and less predictable for them by not acting. 
Let me talk about another small 
business in Hamilton, OH, called Kaivac. They employ 50 people. They manufacture commercial cleaning ma-chines used to clean floors in schools, museums, stadiums, and airports. They are a kind of modern-day mop and pail. 
With the help of Ex-Im, Kaivac grew 
its international sales by 60 percent last year, exporting their commercial cleaning machines all over the world. But as we have heard repeatedly, this is another company that said they can’t do that in the future if they don’t get this financing from Ex-Im. 
So what will happen to these compa-
nies? For a lot of these smaller compa-nies, they will just lose business, and they will lose jobs. They will lose the jobs they already have, and they won’t be able to gain the jobs we have talked about today. 
For some of the bigger companies, 
they will be OK. They will move over-seas. Frankly, I am not worried about the companies. I am worried about the workers in Ohio—American workers who work hard, play by the rules, and do all the right things. We are going to pull the rug out from under them. That doesn’t make any sense to me. We need to stand up for these American work-ers. Whether it is with regard to trade or whether it is with regard to taxes, as we talked about earlier, Washington is letting them down. We are not doing the basic things we ought to be doing to create the environment for success to allow them to be able to compete and to win. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.054 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5916 July 27, 2015 
Today we have the opportunity to 
stand with American workers. We have the opportunity to move forward—yes, with regard to trade, knocking down barriers to our exports, making sure there is a more level playing field, in-cluding the amendment we talked about earlier that allows us now to bring trade cases and get results and help American workers. We have to be sure that we do reform this Tax Code, because if we don’t, more American companies and investments are going to go overseas. That is our job. We are letting the American worker down right now. 
I see Senator S
CHUMER here on the 
floor. Senator S CHUMER has been work-
ing on this international tax reform issue, and his point is a very simple one: We want the jobs and investments here. We are tired of seeing companies get taken over by foreign companies and move their jobs to those other countries. We saw this recently. A pharmaceutical company got bought by a foreign entity. By the way, the foreign company had just left America. They inverted to another country. They then came back and started buy-ing American companies. One third of the workforce of that company bought by the foreign company is now gone— Raleigh, NC, to Canada. 
So these are things we can do. It is 
within our control here in this body for us to pass these kinds of bills and, with regard to Ex-Im, to ensure that we are not shooting ourselves in the foot and shooting American workers in the foot by taking away their opportunity to, yes, win these bids, to win these com-petitions, to build that bridge in West Africa, to send those cleaning supplies all over the world, to be able to ensure, with regard to McGregor Industries, that the parts they put into those loco-motive engines that get sent to devel-oped countries and developing coun-tries can continue to grow. 
Our job here is not to make life hard-
er for these workers and these small companies. It is to make it easier for them to compete and to win so that we can begin to bring back not just more jobs but better jobs. 
Over the last 6 years, we have seen 
wages flatten out and on average go down. Economists tell me it is about a 6-percent reduction in real wages. Think about that. This at a time when health care costs are up, in part thanks to ObamaCare, which makes it harder, not easier, to get health care at a rea-sonable cost. Education costs are up. Electricity costs are going up, in part because of the regulations that the Obama administration is putting on the economy in my home State of Ohio and around the country. That is called the middle-class squeeze. Wages are flat and declining, and expenses going up. That is what the people I represent are experiencing. 
Let’s not make it more difficult for 
them. Let’s stand up for American workers. Yes, let’s tell the Obama ad-ministration, as this legislation does: You are required to put more pressure 
on the international community and other countries to reduce their export subsidies, their guarantees, their credit agencies. But in the meantime, let’s be sure we are standing up for the people we represent and doing the right thing for the American worker. 
I yield the floor. Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I sup-
port the reauthorization of the Export- Import Bank and support American manufacturing, because a country that doesn’t make something can’t make something of itself. 
I have seen everything manufactured 
in Maryland, from crab cakes on Kent Island and ice cream in Laurel to com-mercial truck engines in Hagerstown and unmanned aircraft in Hunt Valley. I have met with innovative manufac-turers who credit the Export-Import Bank with helping them grow their businesses by exporting to new mar-kets overseas. 
Through critical assistance, at no 
cost to taxpayers, these small and me-dium-sized businesses are able to sell American products around the world. 
I visit businesses all over Maryland. I 
have visited bakeries, microbreweries, factories of small machine tool compa-nies. I visited Main Street, small streets, rural communities. And I have talked with business owners and their employees. 
These are ‘‘good guy’’ businesses. 
They work hard and play by the rules. They have jobs right here in the U.S. They want to expand. They want to hire. They need a government on their 
side and at their side. 
Some business owners I met with 
said that the secure financing at the Export-Import bank helped them strengthen their business and grow. 
Selling your products overseas isn’t 
as simple as selling them locally. But getting secure credit insurance helped Maryland manufacturers that relied on cash-in-advance payments for exports expand their businesses by exporting to new markets. 
Other business owners I met with 
said that the Export-Import Bank was a lifeline during a difficult economy. They told me that they relied on pri-vate financing before 2008, but during the credit crisis even safe investments couldn’t get help from the private sec-tor. The Export-Import Bank helped them weather the storm. 
The Export-Import Bank provides 
critical direct loans and loan guaran-tees to foreign buyers of U.S.-made goods. The Export-Import Bank also provides working capital loans to small businesses that are exporting. And it provides insurance for exporters in case a foreign buyer fails to pay. 
In all these cases the bank is filling 
gaps in the private market. It is an im-portant tool for U.S. companies that are seeking to compete with foreign firms, and those foreign firms often get aggressive trade financing support from their own national governments. 
On July 1, 2015, the authorization for 
the Export-Import Bank lapsed. Right now, the bank is unable to process ap-
plications or engage in new business. The bank cannot authorize any new transaction to do any new lending or help any businesses with any new ex-ports. That puts American jobs at risk. American businesses and workers are missing new opportunities because they can’t get the new financing they need to close the deal and make the sale abroad. 
A vote to support the Export-Import 
Bank is a vote to support American manufacturing jobs. Reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank means Maryland will be able to export more, manufac-ture more, and create more jobs. 
The Export-Import Bank helped over 
$27 billion in export sales in fiscal year 2014 and supported 164,000 jobs nation-wide. 
Nearly 90 percent of the transactions 
done by the Export-Import Bank di-rectly supported small businesses. 
From 2007 to 2015, the Export-Import 
Bank financed $2 billion in exports from Maryland. 
The Export-Import Bank is about 
helping Main Street. It is about help-ing the entrepreneurs with a dream in their heart, with a small business un-derway, with the grit and determina-tion to be able to create a job for them-selves and for others. 
I call upon my colleagues to think 
about where America is going in the 21st century. Where are we going to be? Are we going to create more oppor-tunity? Are we going to create more jobs that pay good wages with good benefits? 
I am proud to stand firm in my com-
mitment to manufacturing jobs from Hagerstown to Stevensville and from Baltimore to Easton. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for up to 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, the 
facts are undeniable. Climate change is real, it is caused by humans, it is hap-pening now, and, it is solvable. 
Today I would like to talk about a 
noncontroversial way to reduce 10 per-cent of the world’s carbon pollution: fighting deforestation. 
Of course, no single action will solve 
climate change, but stopping deforest-ation is underrated as a solution, with a high impact and a low cost. While we have been on this floor for years in an intense, often partisan, debate over pipelines and the EPA’s rules on coal- fired powerplants, forest conservation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.055 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5917 July 27, 2015 
is an area where we have always had 
strong bipartisan support. 
As forests are cut down, two things 
happen. First, carbon stored in trees is released. Second, the trees stop absorb-ing carbon from the atmosphere. 
Each year, the world loses forests the 
size of Ohio, and that rate is increas-ing. Unless we act, an area twice the size of Texas will be lost by the year 2030. 
Of course, most deforestation is hap-
pening in tropical forests, in the Ama-zon, the Congo River Basin, and in Southeast Asia. But global demand, in-cluding demand from the United States, for palm oil, soy, beef, and tim-ber products greatly contributes to for-est loss in these regions. 
This is why the United States has to 
lead in stopping deforestation. There are three things that we can do: First, we have to fully implement and fund the Lacey Act. This law prohibits the import of illegally harvested wood products but has only been in place since 2008. Congress hasn’t given the USDA and other agencies the tools to fully implement it. We are good at catching raw products like lumber from illegally harvested forests, but we still need more tools to catch illegal wood, which is in processed products such as furniture. 
Full enforcement of the Lacey Act 
could keep 27 million metric tons of carbon pollution out of the atmosphere each year. This is equivalent to the emissions from more than 5 million cars every year. The Lacey Act is also good for the U.S. timber industry be-cause illegally harvested wood prod-ucts undercut this industry by $1 bil-lion in 2013 by reducing the competi-tive advantage of legal timber. 
Second, we have to support private 
sector commitments to stopping defor-estation. We have had some recent very good news in this space. Driven by con-sumer demand, 34 corporations re-cently committed to cutting deforest-ation from their products in half by 2020 and ending it by 2030. These are big companies—Walmart, McDonald’s, and Unilever, among many others. These businesses were joined by 35 govern-ments, 16 indigenous groups, and 45 NGOs. This was the first time that leaders from developed and developing countries have partnered around a timeline for ending deforestation. 
One challenge in meeting these com-
mitments is that we don’t have a ro-bust standard to verify that they are being met. Without this, we are merely taking everyone’s word for it, but the United States can lead in monitoring and verifying these commitments. Pub-licly available satellite imagery from NASA and USGS has already allowed forest scientists to measure the mag-nitude of global deforestation, but we still need more accurate, real-time monitoring of the carbon content in forests, and the technologies do exist. 
Finally, we have to provide forested 
countries with technical and financial support to protect and grow their for-ests. Absorbing carbon with trees is 
more cost-effective and more energy ef-ficient than doing so from coal or gas powerplants. This is because trees cap-ture carbon using energy from the Sun and powerplants capture carbon using additional energy from a powerplant. 
Despite the ability of forests to cap-
ture and store carbon, we can’t just tell landowners to stop cutting down their trees. They are often in a very dire financial situation on a personal level. We have to share with them our expertise in sustainable forest manage-ment—how to prosper from a forest without cutting it down and moving on to the next stand. The State Depart-ment, USAID, and USDA bring sought- after knowledge in this area from how to fight forest fires to how to combat illegal logging. 
We also have to provide financial in-
centives for landowners to protect their forests. The economic benefit of forests is real. They store carbon, filter water, keep soil healthy, and protect against erosion. 
The value of a forest’s ecological 
services, not just its raw materials, must be recognized in the global econ-omy. REDD-plus programs—shorthand for reducing emissions from deforest-ation and forest degradation—provide a mechanism for financially rewarding countries that reduce emissions from deforestation. If we want to lead in solving climate change, we have to contribute our fair share to these pro-grams. 
Thankfully, forests in the United 
States absorb more carbon than they release. However, the U.S. Forest Serv-ice estimates that the loss of forests through urban growth and wildfires could make our forests a source of car-bon pollution as soon as 2030. We have to ensure that our forests continue to absorb more carbon than they release and work with our allies to protect our forests abroad. 
We have solutions on climate change. 
Stopping deforestation is one of them, and it is one of the solutions I am most excited about because it is an oppor-tunity for bipartisan work. We know what we need to do, and we know how to do it. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, we 
have been discussing the value of hav-ing a multiyear transportation bill, a highway bill moving through the Sen-ate. It is something that I, too, would like to see, but as with everything that we do around here, it is important how we do it. When you have a multiyear highway bill, it is important to ask the question, how are we paying for that? One of the considerations that is in 
front of this body is to pay for $9 bil-lion of this multiyear highway bill through a selloff of crude oil from our Strategic Petroleum Reserve—SPR. 
I have come before this floor several 
times already during this debate to try to convince colleagues that this is ex-actly the wrong way to address our transportation priorities by selling off a national energy security priority; ba-sically, an insurance policy that we have for this country, an insurance pol-icy to ensure that at the time that we might be most vulnerable with our en-ergy supplies, we have reserves, we have a safety net we can turn to in the event of an emergency brought about by a hurricane or natural disaster or whether it is a manmade disaster, war or something else that has caused glob-al disruption. 
In short, it boggles my mind that we 
would be willing, so willing and almost eager, to tap into this strategic asset for such short-term and limited gain. In the absence of supply disruption that justifies releasing oil from the SPR, selling our strategic reserves only worsens an existing competitive disadvantage for our American oil pro-ducers. 
As you know, we have in place an 
outdated 40-year-old-plus ban on our ability to sell our domestic crude oil overseas. We are limited in our ability to export that. I think that is a wrong and outdated policy, and I am working with many, including the occupant of the chair, to lift this outdated policy. I have introduced legislation to do just that. We will actually have a bill be-fore the banking committee tomorrow to, again, shed some light on the fact that it is so incredibly inconsistent from a policy perspective that we would be talking about lifting the sanctions on Iran, allowing Iran to ac-cess the broader global market so they can sell their oil reserves, so they can take advantage of the resources that will come to them to do who knows what mischief, while at the same time prohibiting, further prohibiting in this country our oil producers that oppor-tunity to access the global market. By lifting the sanctions on Iran and keep-ing the oil export ban in place in this country, we are effectively sanctioning our own U.S. oil producers. That is wrong. Again, we are working to ad-dress that. 
We are in a situation currently in 
which American companies cannot sell oil to the same countries that we let Iran sell its own oil to. Now, with this proposal in front of us to sell off some 101 million barrels of oil from the SPR, we are potentially going to saturate a market that is already oversupplied. Think about what that means to those in Oklahoma where the rig count in this country right now is down by half of what it was just last year. We are at a 5-year low with that. Our market is oversaturated. 
This morning I introduced yet an-
other white paper out of the energy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.057 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5918 July 27, 2015 
committee. It is entitled ‘‘A Turbulent 
World: In Defense of the Strategic Pe-troleum Reserve.’’ This white paper outlines some of the history behind the SPR, why I feel so strongly and why I will continue to come to this floor to oppose the sale of 101 million barrels of oil from the SPR to pay for a portion of this highway bill. 
Let’s take a look at the history of 
when we have had emergency drawdowns. We have had exactly three emergency drawdowns ever. The Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve has been in place since the mid-1970s. We had a drawdown in 1991 with Desert Storm. We had a drawdown in 2005 when Hurri-cane Katrina hit and then in Libya in 2011 during their civil war. 
This red right here is the 101 million 
barrels that this legislation seeks to sell off—101 million barrels. The total amount of sales from emergency drawdowns ever combined is 58.9 mil-lion barrels. 
What we are talking about doing is, 
in one act, taking 101 million barrels and putting it out there on the market. In the 40 years that we have had access to reserves in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, we have had three emergency drawdowns—one, a hurricane and, two, in the event of disruption for war, and together, all three of those totaled just shy of 60 million barrels. Yet this pro-posal is 101 million barrels. 
We have exchanged oil out of the 
SPR a total of 12 times. This was in Hurricanes Isaac, Katrina, Lili, Ivan, Gustav, and Ike. We have created a home heating oil reserve. We have closed some ship channels for acci-dents. We have imported oil from Mex-ico. All of those exchanges, not drawdowns, but all of those totaled only 68.9 million barrels. Again, we are talking about a 101-million-barrel sale. We have also done test sales. We have done three test sales. In 1985, in 1990, and then in 2014. We have also closed down a reserve site—Weeks Island. We have sold off some barrels for that. The total for all of that activity was 15 mil-lion barrels for all four sales. 
I have had people tell me: Oh, don’t 
overreact here; don’t overreact. This is no different than what we did with the two sales in 1996 for Federal deficit re-duction. 
Let’s look at that chart. In 1996, we 
had a deficit reduction in May, which is shown in blue, and then in October we did further reductions, and that is shown in green. Both of those sales to-taled 23 million barrels. Again, back in 1996, there was a total of 23 million, and what we are looking at with this legislation is, again, a selloff of 101 million barrels. That is not even a fair comparison. Selling 101 million barrels would be the equivalent of 60 percent of all of the oil that has ever left the SPR. 
We have effectively taken out a total 
of 161 million barrels and moved that out of this SPR since it was created in 1975, about 40 years ago. We have had three emergency drawdowns, we have had the exchanges I talked about, we 
had test sales, and then we had the sales in 1996 with the Federal deficit re-duction. If we take all of that to-gether—everything in the history of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve that we ever sold off or exchanged—it brings us to 161 million barrels, and now we are talking about selling 101 million barrels, which is 60 percent. 
I think it is important to put into 
context because this is a big fat deal. Yet we are acting like this is just an-other withdrawal from your ATM. Just go down, check the balance, there is enough money in there so it must be OK. 
Let’s talk about the strategic envi-
ronment we are operating in right now. There is a nominal drawdown capacity of 4.4 million barrels per day. I men-tioned this the last time I was on the floor. The drawdown capacity is sub-ject to some discussion in terms of what we are actually able to pump out, and that is why we do test sales. It is to make sure it works as it was de-signed. 
Secretary of Energy Moniz has sug-
gested that our distribution rate—our ability to move this once we take it out—is significantly less than this nominal drawdown capacity of 4.4 mil-lion barrels due to congestion and changes in midstream infrastructure. This is one of the reasons I have been banging the lectern, and Senator C
ANT-
WELL , the ranking member on the en-
ergy committee, has also been joining me in saying that doing this is not ap-propriate. We have significant mainte-nance issues within the SPR that we need to address. There is somewhere between $1.5 billion and $2 billion that it is going to take to address some of the shortcomings we have in the SPR, some of the maintenance and oper-ations aspect of it. As we speak, there is a study underway to determine the right size of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. What do we need to do in terms of maintenance? 
If we go ahead and sell off 60 percent 
of what we have done historically throughout the whole lifetime of the SPR to fund a highway bill for 6 years—again, it just causes one to won-der why we are doing this because of the strategic environment and the drawdown capacity we have. 
We have a pretty volatile world out 
there, and I think we all know that. We have unplanned disruptions, unplanned production outages, if you will, in Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Iraq, Nigeria, Libya, and Iran. These are around 2.5 to 3 million barrels per day. These are pretty tense regions of the world, and I don’t think anyone would dispute that. 
On the next chart what we see is our 
drawdown rate of 4.4 or thereabouts is greater than the daily production of Iran, Iraq, Venezuela, Nigeria, Algeria or Libya. I don’t think anybody would suggest that any of these countries in blue exudes stability or security. 
Look at the transit chokepoints. A 
drawdown rate of 4.4 million barrels per day is bigger, in fairness, than the 
capacity of some of the other areas that would be clearly noted as these chokepoints. We have the Panama Canal at the end, the Turkish or Dan-ish Straits, and Bab el-Mandab off the coast of Yemen. If something went wrong in more than one of these crit-ical parts of the supply chain at once, we could be overtaken by upheaval in the global oil market without much re-course and our ability to respond would be dramatically lessened. And 4.4 mil-lion barrels per day is less than the oil that transships the Suez Canal and its accompanying pipeline. It is a fraction of the oil that goes through the Strait of Malacca or Strait of Hormuz which moves 15 to 17 million barrels per day. 
This my central point. Our Strategic 
Petroleum Reserve is a tremendous na-tional security asset, and we need it because the world is just simply more turbulent. I have been told: Look at what is happening domestically. We are importing less and producing more; therefore, we don’t really need all of this. We don’t need this safety net. We cannot immunize ourselves from global events and just suggest that somehow or other we need it less. It is like you go to the doctor and get a clean bill of health and you go home and you say: OK. Now I don’t need life insurance or health insurance because the doctor just said I am fine. You know what. The world is not fine, and we know that. At a time when spare capacity is low and the global threat environment is heightened, selling 101 million bar-rels of America’s strategic reserve to pay for legislation that makes almost no contribution to improving our en-ergy security, I think, is just a foolish error of historic proportions. 
I will restate what we would be doing 
if we moved forward with the pay-for as has been outlined. We would be con-ducting the largest sale in the history of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve since it was created in 1975. It would be greater than all of the previous emer-gency drawdowns combined. We are going into hurricane season. We don’t know what may be coming at us in the Middle East. Yet we are proposing to pay for a short-term fix to the highway trust fund with a buyout of unprece-dented proportions. 
Last time I was on the floor, I said 
this is like cashing out your home-owner’s insurance to pave your drive-way. It is not the right pay-for. 
Again, I, too, want to make sure we 
do right by our transportation infra-structure. It is important. It is about jobs and the strength of our economy, but we are also obligated to make sure the decisions we make in this Senate— in this Congress—are there to provide for our security as a nation. 
I want to know that if we need these 
ready resources, we haven’t moved pre-cipitously to sell them off. The last time I checked this morning, the price of oil was at about $50 a barrel. Is this really a good time to sell at $50 a bar-rel? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.059 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5919 July 27, 2015 
I thank the Presiding Officer for his 
attention. I think those of us who have been following this issue with great in-terest are concerned and are conflicted because we want to make sure we do right by our highway systems, but I also want to make sure we do right by our national energy security, and sell-ing off 101 million barrels of Strategic Petroleum Reserve is foolhardy. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the en bloc consideration of Executive Cal-endar Nos. 219 through 223, 225 through 231, and 233 through 247, and all nomi-nations on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, Marine Corps, and Navy; that the nominations be con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s actions, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. John N. T. Shanahan 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Michael X. Garrett 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 156: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Darse E. Crandall 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Rear Adm. Joseph E. Tofalo IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment as the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and appointment in the United States Air Force to the grade indi-cated while assigned to a position of impor-tance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 154: 
To be general 
Gen. Paul J. Selva 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be general 
Gen. Darren W. McDew 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. David J. Buck 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. Tod D. Wolters 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. Russell J. Handy 
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Frank H. Stokes 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. John W. Raymond 
IN THE ARMY  
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. James E. Porter, Jr. 
The following named Army National Guard 
of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indi-cated while assigned to a position of impor-tance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Daniel R. Hokanson 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Rear Adm. Kevin D. Scott 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, 
U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Rear Adm. Kevin M. Donegan 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Michael H. Shields 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Victor J. Braden 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Rear Adm. Richard P. Breckenridge 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following Air National Guard of the 
United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
Colonel David W. Ashley 
Colonel Jeremy O. Baenen Colonel Stephen F. Baggerly Colonel Samuel W. Black Colonel Christine M. Burckle Colonel David B. Burgy Colonel Janus D. Butcher Colonel John D. Caine Colonel Craig A. Campbell Colonel Joseph S. Chisolm Colonel Floyd W. Dunstan Colonel Douglas A. Farnham Colonel Laurie M. Farris Colonel Jerry L. Fenwick Colonel Dawn M. Ferrell Colonel Douglas E. Fick Colonel Arthur J. Flora Colonel Donald A. Furland Colonel Timothy H. Gaasch Colonel Kerry M. Gentry Colonel Jerome M. Gouhin Colonel Randy E. Greenwood Colonel Robert J. Grey, Jr. Colonel Edith M. Grunwald Colonel Gregory M. Henderson Colonel Elizabeth A. Hill Colonel John S. Joseph Colonel Jill A. Lannan Colonel James M. LeFavor Colonel Jeffrey A. Lewis Colonel Timothy T. Lunderman Colonel Eric W. Mann Colonel Betty J. Marshall Colonel Sherrie L. McCandless Colonel Kevin T. McManaman Colonel David J. Meyer Colonel Steven S. Nordhaus Colonel Scott W. Normandeau Colonel Richard C. Oxner, Jr. Colonel Kirk S. Pierce Colonel Theresa B. Prince Colonel David L. Romuald Colonel Edward A. Sauley, III Colonel Keith A. Schell Colonel Brian M. Simpler Colonel Charles G. Stevenson Colonel Bradley A. Swanson Colonel Dean A. Tremps Colonel William M Valentine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.060 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5920 July 27, 2015 
Colonel Richard W. Wedan 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Steven A. Schaick 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Jeffrey A. Doll 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be general 
Lt. Gen. Carlton D. Everhart, II 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment as the Chief of Chaplains, United States Air Force, and appointment in the United States Air Force to the grade indi-cated under title 10, U.S.C., section 8039: 
To be major general 
Col. Dondi E. Costin 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Stephen R. Lyons 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Rear Adm. John C. Aquilino 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Vice Adm. Robert L. Thomas, Jr. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Lawrence D. Nicholson 
N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
PN594 AIR FORCE nomination of Robert B. 
A. MacGregor, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 22, 2015. 
PN602 AIR FORCE nominations (18) begin-
ning JANE E. BOOMER, and ending MAT-THEW D. VAN DALEN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN604 AIR FORCE nominations (48) begin-
ning AFSANA AHMED, and ending REGGIE D. YAGER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN605 AIR FORCE nominations (13) begin-
ning JOHN C. ROCKWELL, and ending STE-PHEN J. TORRES, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the 
Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN606 AIR FORCE nominations (2) begin-
ning ANA M. APOLTAN, and ending ALDO TTINOCO, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN607 AIR FORCE nominations (57) begin-
ning BRIAN H. ADAMS, and ending MARY JEAN WOOD, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN666 AIR FORCE nominations (91) begin-
ning ALLEN KIPP ALBRIGHT, and ending BRADLEY DUNCAN WHITE, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 15, 2015. 
IN THE ARMY  
PN609 ARMY nomination of David G. 
Jones, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN610 ARMY nomination of Raymond L. 
Phua, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN611 ARMY nomination of John M. Brad-
ford, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN612 ARMY nominations (5) beginning 
STEVE J. CHUN, and ending BENJAMIN R. SIEBERT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN613 ARMY nomination of Steven L. 
Isenhour, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN614 ARMY nomination of Joseph D. 
Gramling, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN615 ARMY nomination of Mark S. Sny-
der, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN616 ARMY nomination of Keith J. 
McVeigh, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN617 ARMY nomination of Lisa M. 
Stremel, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN618 ARMY nominations (2) beginning 
MICHAEL N. CLEVELAND, and ending MI-CHAEL W. SUMMERS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN619 ARMY nominations (2) beginning 
MATTHEW H. BROOKS, and ending JAY D. HANSON, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN620 ARMY nominations (5) beginning 
GIL A. DIAZCRUZ, and ending SOLIMAN G. VALDEZ, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN635 ARMY nominations (7) beginning 
NICHOLAS R. CABANO, and ending JAMES W. PRATT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 8, 2015. 
PN636 ARMY nominations (17) beginning 
KIMBERLY D. BRENDA, and ending CARRIE A. STORER, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 8, 2015. 
PN637 ARMY nominations (90) beginning 
ERIC J. ANSORGE, and ending D011713, which nominations were received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 8, 2015. 
PN638 ARMY nominations (65) beginning 
JOHN L. AMENT, and ending WENDY G. WOODALL, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 8, 2015. 
PN639 ARMY nomination of Laura M. Hud-
son, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 8, 2015. 
PN667 ARMY nomination of Mark R. Read, 
which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 15, 2015. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
PN625 MARINE CORPS nomination of 
John R. Barclay, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
IN THE NAVY  
PN621 NAVY nomination of Thomas F. 
Murphy, III, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN622 NAVY nominations (2) beginning 
ARSLAN S. CHAUDHRY, and ending AN-DREW D. SILVESTRI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN623 NAVY nomination of Benjamin M. 
Boche, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN624 NAVY nomination of Michael J. El-
liott, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN640 NAVY nominations (42) beginning 
CHRISTOPHER N. ANDREWS, and ending NICHOLAS J. VANDYKE, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 8, 2015. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
NOTICE ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 876 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 876) to amend Title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individ-uals classified by such hospitals under obser-vation status rather than admitted as inpa-tients of such hospitals. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ap-
plaud the Senate passage of H.R. 876, the Notice of Observation Treatment and Implication for Care Eligibility, NOTICE, Act. Representative L
LOYD  
DOGGETT of Texas introduced H.R. 876. 
Senator E NZIand I introduced an iden-
tical companion bill in the Senate, S. 1349, which the Finance Committee re-ported unanimously by voice vote on June 24, 2015. This important legisla-tion requires hospitals to give notice to Medicare beneficiaries who are classi-fied as ‘‘outpatient observation’’ status 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.013 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5921 July 27, 2015 
for more than 24 hours rather than 
being admitted to the hospital as inpa-tients. Being classified as ‘‘outpatient observation’’ status may result in higher out-of-pocket costs for Medicare beneficiaries and makes those bene-ficiaries ineligible for Medicare cov-erage of post-acute care in a skilled nursing facility after they are dis-charged from the hospital. 
The use of ‘‘outpatient observation’’ 
status has become more prevalent in recent years, and the duration of these ‘‘outpatient observation’’ stays has grown longer—meaning that an in-creasing number of Medicare bene-ficiaries are spending more and more time in the hospital without being ad-mitted as inpatients. According to the Department of Health & Human Services’s, HHS, inspector general, in 2012, Medicare beneficiaries had more than 600,000 ‘‘outpatient observation’’ stays that lasted 3 nights or more. 
These ‘‘outpatient observation’’ 
stays can have serious financial con-sequences for seniors. Medicare bene-ficiaries classified as ‘‘outpatient ob-servation’’ status are responsible for outpatient co-payments and prescrip-tion drug costs that they would not have had as an inpatient—and there is no out-of-pocket cap on these costs. Perhaps most importantly, Medicare will only cover post-acute care in a skilled nursing facility, SNF, if the beneficiary had 3 consecutive days of hospitalization as an inpatient—even though ‘‘outpatient observation’’ pa-tients may spend multiple nights in the hospital and receive the same type and level of care as inpatients. This means Medicare beneficiaries classified as ‘‘outpatient observation’’ status who require skilled nursing care after dis-charge from the hospital must pay the entire cost themselves—an average out-of-pocket cost of more than $10,000 per beneficiary. 
Understandably, Medicare bene-
ficiaries spending several nights in the hospital often simply assume that they have been admitted as inpatients. Many seniors are unaware that they have actually been classified as ‘‘out-patient observation’’ status and what that means in terms of the financial consequences for them and their fami-lies. In some cases, these seniors only become aware of their ‘‘outpatient ob-servation’’ status after they receive a bill from the nursing home for tens of thousands of dollars. 
Under the NOTICE Act, within 36 
hours or, if sooner, upon discharge, hospitals are required to provide writ-ten notice to the Medicare beneficiary explaining, No. 1, that he or she has been classified as an outpatient under observation status, instead of being ad-mitted as an inpatient; No. 2, the rea-son for that classification; and, No. 3, the implications on cost-sharing and eligibility for Medicare coverage of post-acute care in a skilled nursing fa-cility. 
The NOTICE Act is a no-cost, com-
monsense approach that will help en-sure our seniors are fully informed 
about their hospital status and the fi-nancial implications. I thank my col-leagues for joining with me and Sen-ator E
NZIto support this important 
legislation. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
further ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 876) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
RECESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate stand in recess until 9:15 p.m.; fur-ther, that all time during the recess count postcloture. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:57 p.m., 
recessed until 9:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. B
OOZMAN ). 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015— 
Continued 
QUORUM CALL  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll and the following Senators entered the Chamber and answered to their names: 
[Quorum No. 6 Leg.] 
Alexander 
Barrasso Boozman Boxer Cardin Cornyn Durbin 
Fischer Franken Heinrich Lee McConnell Murphy 
Perdue Rounds Tillis Udall Whitehouse 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
TILLIS ). A quorum is not present. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to instruct the Sergeant at Arms to request the presence of absent Sen-ators, and I ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The question is on agreeing to the 
motion of the Senator from Kentucky. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator 
from Tennessee (Mr. C ORKER ), the Sen-
ator from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ), and the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ), 
the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), and the Senator from Michi-
gan (Mr. P ETERS ) are necesarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 79, 
nays 14, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 255 Leg.] 
YEAS—79 
Alexander 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Cornyn Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken 
Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—14 
Ayotte 
Boozman Collins Cotton Heller Lankford 
McCain Moran Paul Perdue Sullivan 
Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—7 
Blunt 
Coons Corker Flake 
Markey Peters Rubio 
The motion was agreed to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A 
quorum is present. 
The majority leader. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2329 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to table amendment No. 2329. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion. 
The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2328 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I raise a 
germaneness point of order against amendment No. 2328. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
point of order is sustained, and the amendment falls. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2327 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question now occurs on agreeing to amendment No. 2327, offered by the Senator from Kentucky, Mr. M
CCON-
NELL , for Mr. K IRK. 
The yeas and nays were previously 
ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator 
from Tennessee (Mr. C ORKER ), the Sen-
ator from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ), and the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ), 
the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), and the Senator from Michi-
gan (Mr. P ETERS ) are necessarily ab-
sent. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:30 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.062 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5922 July 27, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 64, 
nays 29, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 256 Leg.] 
YEAS—64 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coats Cochran Collins Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Franken Gillibrand 
Graham Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin McCain McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Nelson Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NAYS—29 
Barrasso 
Boozman Capito Cassidy Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Fischer Gardner 
Grassley Hatch Inhofe Lankford Lee McConnell Paul Perdue Risch Sanders 
Sasse Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter 
NOT VOTING—7 
Blunt 
Coons Corker Flake 
Markey Peters Rubio 
The amendment (No. 2327) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the cloture vote on the McConnell amend-ment No. 2266, as modified, be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the McConnell amendment No. 2266, as modified. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Orrin G. 
Hatch, John Barrasso, Pat Roberts, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis, David Vit-ter, Lindsey Graham, Kelly Ayotte, Lamar Alexander, Daniel Coats, John Hoeven, James M. Inhofe, Roger F. Wicker, Susan M. Collins, John Thune. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on amendment No. 2266, as modified, offered by the Sen-ator from Kentucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , 
to H.R. 22, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ), the Sen-
ator from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ), and the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ), 
the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), and the Senator from Michi-
gan (Mr. P ETERS ) are necessarily ab-
sent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 62, 
nays 32, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 257 Leg.] 
YEAS—62 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Boxer Burr Cantwell Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Cornyn Daines Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell 
Moran Murray Nelson Portman Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Scott Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan 
Tester Thune Tillis Vitter Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—32 
Blumenthal 
Booker Brown Cardin Carper Casey Cotton Crapo Cruz Donnelly Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono Lee Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Paul Perdue Reed Reid 
Risch Sasse Schumer Shelby Toomey Udall Warner Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—6 
Coons 
Corker Flake 
Markey Peters 
Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 62, the nays are 32. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
The majority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2421 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2266 
(Purpose: Of a perfecting nature) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
call up amendment No. 2421. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2421 
to amendment No. 2266. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in the 
R
ECORD of July 26, 2015, under ‘‘Text of 
Amendments.’’) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2533 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2421 
(Purpose: To improve the amendment) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
have a second-degree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. I NHOFE , proposes an amend-
ment numbered 2533 to amendment No. 2421. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 2417 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
have an amendment to the text of the underlying bill. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2417 
to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2266. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end add the following: 
‘‘This act shall be effective 1 day after en-
actment.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2418 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2417 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
have a second-degree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 2418 
to amendment No. 2417. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
On line 2, strike ‘‘1 day’’ and insert ‘‘2 
days.’’ 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.041 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5923 July 27, 2015 
with Senators permitted to speak 
therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MUNCIE, INDIANA 150TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I 
wish to honor the city of Muncie on its 150th anniversary and to recognize the many contributions of Muncie’s citi-zens to the great State of Indiana and to our country. 
Muncie’s history dates to the 1790s 
when the Lenape Native Americans settled the area and named it Wapicamikunk. As early European set-tlers moved into the area, it was named Munsee Town after the dialect of the Lenape Native Americans, who spoke Munsee. When it was incor-porated in 1865, Munsee Town became the city of Muncie. 
The gas boom helped establish the 
city of Muncie as an important manu-facturing center for the Nation. In 1880, the Ball brothers founded Ball Corpora-tion where they specialized in manu-facturing glass bottles. The company was moved from Buffalo, NY to Muncie in 1887 to take advantage of the ample amounts of available natural gas. The Ball Corporation provided jobs, local business funding, and philanthropy that propelled Muncie into a thriving city. 
As business boomed for the Ball Cor-
poration, new businesses opened and Muncie grew. In the early 1900s, manu-facturing and industrial companies in-cluding Delco Battery, New Venture Gear, BorgWarner, and General Motors opened factories and businesses in Muncie. Muncie is also home to one of the famous early 20th century ‘‘Middle-town’’ studies, which helped to meas-ure social trends in the U.S.; Muncie is considered one of most studied commu-nities in the country. Over the years, the city continued to grow and inno-vate with the addition of railroads, higher education institutions, and health care facilities. 
Today, Muncie is one of the 10 largest 
cities in Indiana with a population of more than 70,000 citizens. Top attrac-tions in the Muncie area include the north Walnut Street Fieldhouse, Emens Auditorium, historic downtown Muncie, the National Model Aviation Museum, the Cardinal Greenway trail system, Minnetrista Cultural Center, and Ball State University. 
Ball State opened in 1899 as a small, 
private teacher training school. The university was founded in 1918. Ball State attracts students from around the Nation and 43 different countries, and is currently one of the top employ-ers in the city of Muncie. Ball State is home to about 21,000 current students in undergraduate and graduate pro-grams, and it recently experienced the largest 5-year increase in on-time grad-uation rates of any Indiana public in-stitution of higher education. A report released by the Indiana Commission for Higher Education found that between 
2009–2014, Ball State’s 4-year gradua-tion rates increased by 12.1 percentage points. Distinguished Ball State grad-uates include David Letterman, former host of CBS’s Late Show and Jim Davis, creator of the iconic comic strip Garfield—recognized as the world’s most widely-syndicated comic strip. With the addition of Ivy Technology Community College and Harrison Col-lege, Muncie has shown a continued commitment to higher education. 
The city of Muncie reflects our Hoo-
sier values, and its citizens serve as an example of how hard work and dedica-tion lead to success, opportunity, and prosperity. It is a great honor to rep-resent the city of Muncie in the Sen-ate. On behalf of the State of Indiana, I congratulate each and every citizen of Muncie on the city’s 150th anniver-sary and wish you continued success and prosperity in the future. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
ORFORD, NEW HAMPSHIRE 250TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I 
pay tribute to Orford, NH—a town in Grafton County celebrating the 250th anniversary of its founding. I am proud to join citizens across the Granite State in recognizing this historic occa-sion. 
Orford village is the town’s main pop-
ulation center and is situated along the Connecticut River. The town lies in the shadow of Sunday Mountain, Cottonstone Mountain, and Mount Cube—Orford’s highest peak. The Appa-lachian Trail runs through the summit of Mount Cube, greatly contributing to the town’s natural and scenic treas-ures. 
The town of Orford is named for Rob-
ert Walpole, first earl of Orford, and England’s first Prime Minister. It was originally chartered by Colonial Gov-ernor Benning Wentworth in 1761 and later settled in 1765. 
The rich agricultural history of 
Orford is exemplified by the success of the Mt. Cube Sugar Farm. For over 60 years, the Thomson family has been producing its award-winning maple syrup from the groves located on the farm’s namesake mountain. 
Orford also boasts an impressive in-
dustrial past, including soapstone quarries, sawmills, a tannery, grist mill, and factories that manufactured starch, chairs, doors, boots and shoes. The town is known for its historic ‘‘ridge’’ homes and is credited with having one of the finest collections of federal-style houses in the Nation. 
As innovators, statesmen and sol-
diers, Orford residents have been known throughout history for their commitment and sacrifice in the serv-ice of our great Nation. Early steam-ship pioneer Samuel Morey, U.S. Con-gressman Jeduthun Wilcox, Senators Gilman Marston and Leonard Wilcox, and most notably, New Hampshire’s 
73rd Governor Meldrim Thomson, Jr., all share ties to Orford. 
On behalf of all Granite Staters, I am 
pleased to offer my congratulations to the citizens of Orford on reaching this special milestone, and I thank them for their many contributions to the life and spirit of New Hampshire. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD LAPOINT 
∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize the exceptional pub-lic service of my good friend, Pittsburg Police Chief Richard ‘‘Dick’’ Lapoint. Chief Lapoint has worked as a Pitts-burg, NH law enforcement officer for more than 40 years. He is retiring on August 16, 2015, the day after Pitts-burg’s 175th Old Home Day celebration. 
Chief Lapoint is a 1968 graduate of 
Pittsburg High School, and first began his law enforcement career as a part- time officer in August 1975. After work-ing part-time for 11 years, he became a sergeant, and was later promoted to the department’s full-time chief on January 16, 1987. Having held the posi-tion for more than 28 years, Chief Lapoint is one of the longest serving police chiefs in the Granite State. 
Throughout his career, Chief Lapoint 
has established a reputation not only as a knowledgeable, respected, and compassionate public safety profes-sional, but also as an engaged commu-nity member. Chief Lapoint knows that in a small town, public safety means wearing many hats. He was a member of the fire department for 36 years and an emergency medical tech-nician for over 20 years. Known for his advocacy of cooperative North Country policing, he was a leader in uniting local, county, State, and Federal agen-cies to share information, train, and work together. He also served as the president of the Coos County Chiefs As-sociation, and has built strong partner-ships with colleagues throughout the public safety community. 
During my time as New Hampshire’s 
attorney general, it was my privilege to work directly with Chief Lapoint on many important law enforcement ini-tiatives. He earned the respect and ad-miration of his peers across the State, and has been a thoughtful and effective leader in efforts to improve the crimi-nal justice system throughout New Hampshire. Additionally, Chief Lapoint served on the executive board of the New Hampshire Association of Chiefs of Police, and has represented Coos County with professionalism and integ-rity throughout his entire membership. Making frequent trips to Concord and southern New Hampshire, he ensured that our Great Northern Woods had an important voice on public safety issues. 
As Chief Lapoint celebrates his re-
tirement, I want to commend him on a job well done, and ask my colleagues to join me in thanking him for his out-standing service and in wishing him the best in all his future endeavors. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.078 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5924 July 27, 2015 
RECOGNIZING ACADIA DEATLEY 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Acadia DeAtley for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Acadia is a native of Cody, WY, and 
a graduate of Cody High School. She currently attends the University of Wyoming. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. 
I thank Acadia for the dedication she 
has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as a part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ABBEY ENGEN 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Abbey Engen for her hard work as an intern in my Cas-per office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Abbey is a native of Casper, WY, and 
a graduate of Natrona County High School. She currently attends the Uni-versity of Wyoming. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. 
I thank Abbey for the dedication she 
has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as a part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING KAITLIN KRELL 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Kaitlin Krell for her hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Republican Policy Committee. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Kaitlin is a native of Kemmerer, WY, 
and a graduate of Kemmerer High School. She currently attends the Uni-versity of Wyoming. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. 
I thank Kaitlin for the dedication she 
has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as a part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ RECOGNIZING OTTO MARTINEK 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Otto Martinek for his hard work as an intern in the Sen-ate Republican Policy Committee. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Otto is a native of Teton Village, 
WY, and a graduate of St. Mark’s School of Texas. He currently attends the University of Texas at Austin. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I want to thank Otto for the dedica-
tion he has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as a part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING SHELBY McREE 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Shelby McRee for her hard work as an intern in my Cas-per office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Shelby is a native of Casper, WY, and 
a graduate of Kelly Walsh High School. She currently attends Casper College. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invalu-able asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great ef-forts over the last several months. 
I thank Shelby for the dedication she 
has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as a part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ERIC MORALES 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Eric Morales for his hard work as an intern in my Wash-ington, DC, office. I recognize his ef-forts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Eric is a native of Casper, WY, and a 
graduate of Kelly Walsh High School. He currently attends Northwestern University. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I thank Eric for the dedication he has 
shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as a part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ RECOGNIZING M
ACKENZIE 
MUIRHEAD 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Mackenzie Muirhead for her hard work as an in-tern in my Cheyenne office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my of-fice as well as to the State of Wyo-ming. 
Mackenzie is a native of Cheyenne, 
WY, and a graduate of Cheyenne East High School. She currently attends the University of Wyoming. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. 
I thank Mackenzie for the dedication 
she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as a part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ANDREW NEWBOLD 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Andrew Newbold for his hard work as an intern in my Rock Springs office. I recognize his ef-forts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Andrew lives in Rock Springs, WY, 
and he currently attends Western Wyo-ming Community College. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I thank Andrew for the dedication he 
has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as a part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING TESSA ROBINSON 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Tessa Robinson for her hard work as an intern in my Sheridan office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Tessa lives in Gillette and currently 
attends Northern Wyoming Commu-nity College. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. 
I thank Tessa for the dedication she 
has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as a part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.012 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5925 July 27, 2015 
RECOGNIZING KYLIE TAYLOR 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Kylie Taylor for her hard work as an intern in my Washington, DC, office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Kylie is a native of Cheyenne, WY, 
and a graduate of Cheyenne East High School. She recently graduated from the University of Wyoming. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. 
I thank Kylie for the dedication she 
has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as a part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MORGAN TEMTE 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Morgan Temte for her hard work as an intern in my Chey-enne office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Morgan is a native of Cheyenne, WY, 
and a graduate of Cheyenne Central High School. She currently attends the University of Wyoming. She has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great efforts over the last several months. 
I thank Morgan for the dedication 
she has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as a part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING CASEY TERRELL 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Casey Terrell for his hard work as an intern in my Chey-enne office. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Casey is a native of Pinedale, WY, 
and a graduate of Pinedale High School. He currently attends the Uni-versity of Wyoming. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I thank Casey for the dedication he 
has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as a part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ RECOGNIZING PETER VICENZI 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Peter Vicenzi for his hard work as an intern in the U.S. Senate Committee on Indian Affairs. I recognize his efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Peter currently attends St. Mary’s 
College in Maryland, where is he study-ing public policy and economics. He has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I thank Peter for the dedication he 
has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as a part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING ALYSSA VOLLMER 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Alyssa Vollmer for her hard work as an intern in my Cas-per office. I recognize her efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wyoming. 
Alyssa is a graduate of Hanna Elk 
Mountain Junior/Senior High School. She currently attends Casper College. She has demonstrated a strong work ethic, which has made her an invalu-able asset to our office. The quality of her work is reflected in her great ef-forts over the last several months. 
I thank Alyssa for the dedication she 
has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have her as a part of our team. I know she will have continued success with all of her future endeavors. I wish her all my best on her next journey. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING BRANDON WEDL 
∑Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I 
wish to take the opportunity to express my appreciation to Brandon Wedl for his hard work as an intern in Senate Committee on Indian Affairs. I recog-nize his efforts and contributions to my office as well as to the State of Wy-oming. 
Brandon is a native of Cheyenne, WY, 
and a graduate of Cheyenne East High School. He currently attends the Uni-versity of Wyoming. He has dem-onstrated a strong work ethic, which has made him an invaluable asset to our office. The quality of his work is reflected in his great efforts over the last several months. 
I thank Brandon for the dedication 
he has shown while working for me and my staff. It was a pleasure to have him as a part of our team. I know he will have continued success with all of his future endeavors. I wish him all my best on his next journey. ∑ REMEMBERING JOHN JAMES 
WILDING 
∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor Patrolman John James Wilding, who passed away after being injured in the line of duty on July 12, 2015. The loss of Patrolman Wilding is a tragedy for the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania, but the legacy of his bravery and selfless service to the people of Scranton will live on. 
Born in Scranton, Patrolman Wilding 
dedicated his career to protecting and serving others. Prior to joining the 
Scranton Police Department in 2014, he worked at St. Joseph’s Center, Dunbar Armored and Lackawanna College, where he built personal connections throughout the community that great-ly influenced his service on the police force. He was well-known for his com-passionate demeanor, respectful leader-ship, and love of his community. He loved his family fiercely, taking every opportunity to spend time with his wife Kristen, and children Loa Mae and Sidney. 
Though Patrolman Wilding’s life and 
career in public safety were cut short, we are all grateful for his dedicated service to Pennsylvania. He set a won-derful example of community activism for his children and he will be remem-bered for his bravery and humility. My thoughts and prayers are with his fam-ily and friends during this difficult time. ∑ 
f 
STENNIS CENTER PROGRAM FOR 
CONGRESSIONAL INTERNS 
∑Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, this 
summer marks the 13th year during which Congressional office interns have benefitted from a program oper-ated by the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Leadership. This 6-week program is designed to enhance the in-ternship experience for exceptional col-lege students by giving them an inside look at how Congress works and a deeper appreciation and understanding for the role that Congress plays in our democracy. Each week, the interns meet with senior congressional staff and other experts to discuss issues in-cluding the legislative process, the constitutional power of the purse, our government’s separation of powers, the media, and other topics. 
Interns are selected based on their 
college records, community service ex-perience, and interest in a career in public service. This year, 30 out-standing interns participated in the program. Most of them are juniors and seniors in college who are working in Republican and Democratic offices in both the House and Senate, including one intern in my office, John Bartley Boykin of Meridian, MS. 
I congratulate the interns for their 
completion of this special program. I also thank the Stennis Center and the Senior Stennis Fellows for providing a meaningful experience for these young leaders and for encouraging them to consider a future in public service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.008 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5926 July 27, 2015 
I ask unanimous consent that a list 
of the 2015 Stennis Congressional In-terns and the offices in which they work be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
David Banta, attending Brigham Young 
University, interning in the office of U.S. Representative Mia Love; Darius I. Baxter, attending Georgetown University, interning in the office of U.S. Delegate Eleanor Holmes Norton; Melissa Borom, attending Valparaiso Law School, interning on the House Committee on Appropriations; John Bartley Boykin, attending the University of Mississippi, interning in the office of U.S. Senator Thad Cochran; Erika Byun, attend-ing Brown University, interning on the House Committee on Education and the Workforce Minority Staff. 
Dushani De Silva, attending the University 
of California Santa Cruz, interning in the of-fice of U.S. Representative Sam Farr; Bethel Domfeh, attending George Mason University, interning in the office of U.S. Representative 
C.A. ‘‘Dutch’’ Ruppersberger; Luke Drachenberg, attending the University of Wisconsin-Madison, interning on the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry; Autumn Duguay, attending the University of Southern Maine, interning in the office of U.S. Senator Angus King; Alison Galetti, attending the University of Miami, interning in the office of U.S. Representative Derek Kilmer; Greta Gormley, attending Loyola University of Maryland, interning in the office of U.S. Representative Thomas Rooney. 
Adam Gould, attending the University of 
Oregon, interning in the office of U.S. Rep-resentative Ted Lieu; Connor Hillard, at-tending Baylor University, interning in the office of U.S. Representative Rodney Davis; Sarah Hochman, attending the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, interning on the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion and Forestry; Elise Johnson, attending the University of Rochester, interning in the office of U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch; Garrett Kays, attending Kansas State University, in-terning on the Senate Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition and Forestry; Iyesha Key, attending George Mason University, intern-ing on the House Committee on Education and the Workforce Minority Staff; Carmel Mitchell, attending the University of Cali-fornia, Irvine, interning in the office of U.S. Representative Janice Hahn. 
Andrew Morley, attending St. John’s Uni-
versity, interning in the office of U.S. Rep-resentative Erik Paulsen; Kevin O’Regan, at-tending the University College Dublin, in-terning in the office of U.S. Representative Brendan Boyle; Anna Pham, attending the University of California, Hastings College of the Law, interning in the office of U.S. Rep-resentative Alan Lowenthal; Perez Pickney, attending Southern University A & M Col-lege, interning in the office of U.S. Rep-resentative Ralph Abraham; Gabrielle Rosenfeld, attending Middlebury College, in-terning in the office of U.S. Representative Ted Lieu; Grant Schauer, attending Texas A & M University, interning in the office of U.S. Senator Ted Cruz. 
Patrick Sheehy, attending the University 
of Mary Washington, interning in the office of U.S. Representative John Shimkus; Colin Snider, attending Brigham Young Univer-sity, interning in the office of U.S. Rep-resentative Adrian Smith; Edwin Torres, at-tending Saint John’s University, interning in the office of U.S. Representative Janice Hahn; Alexandra Vangrow, attending Colgate University, interning in the office of U.S. Representative Alan Lowenthal; Katelyn Walker, attending George Wash-
ington University Law School, interning in the office of U.S. Representative Marcia Fudge; and Mai Tong Yang, attending the College of St. Benedict, interning in the of-fice of U.S. Senator Al Franken. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CALEY CLARK 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize Caley Clark, an educator from White Sulphur Springs, MT. Ms. Clark has recently been chosen from among more than 300 other applicants to participate this week in the Library of Congress’ Teaching with Primary Sources Summer Teacher Institute. 
Every year, the Library of Congress 
hosts five teacher institutes in Wash-ington, DC for a select number of K–12 educators from across the Nation. Dur-ing the Library’s Teaching with Pri-mary Sources Summer Teacher Insti-tute, Ms. Clark will work with edu-cation specialists and subject-matter experts about how to best utilize pri-mary sources in the classroom. In doing so, she will explore the world’s largest online collection of historical artifacts, and will be able to access millions of unique primary source doc-uments for her work as an educator. 
Teaching with primary source docu-
ments is an effective way of educating students not just about the history that these firsthand sources give us, but also helps students to develop im-portant skills like critical thinking. Ms. Clark will have the opportunity to bring what she has learned at the Li-brary of Congress back to her students and colleagues at White Sulphur Springs School. I am proud to call Ms. Clark a fellow Montanan, and to recog-nize her achievement and her contribu-tion to the students of our great State. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATIE DECKER 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to recognize Principal Katie Decker for her unwavering dedication to the Clark County School District and to the Las Vegas community. Her contributions to the local school dis-trict have had tremendous positive im-pacts, which will be felt by future gen-erations of Clark County students for years to come. 
Throughout her 25 years in the dis-
trict, Principal Decker has worked tirelessly to give students the best op-portunity for success. She currently serves as principal of two different ele-mentary schools, Walter Bracken STEAM Academy, Bracken, and Long Elementary School, splitting her days to spend time at each individual insti-tution. Her work at Bracken has been recognized nationally, as Bracken has been named a 2015 Merit School of Ex-cellence. Along with this outstanding achievement, Principal Decker was awarded the Magnet Schools of Amer-ica Principal of the Year in 2013, the Terrel Bell Award for Outstanding Leadership, and locally by United Way Women’s Leadership for commitment 
to financial stability in 2015. April 15 has also been named ‘‘Katie Decker Day’’ by the city of Las Vegas. No amount of recognition could ade-quately thank Principal Decker for all that she has done. 
When Principal Decker initially 
began at Bracken, the elementary school was one of the lowest per-forming schools in the district. She worked to improve the climate and academics of the school, spearheading the development of unique magnet pro-grams. Bracken is now a five-star Blue Ribbon magnet school and is one of the top schools offered in the Nation. Re-cently, a local initiative began to in-corporate techniques from highly per-forming schools, also referred to as franchise schools, into poorly per-forming schools. Principals from fran-chise schools were selected to lead poorly performing schools, ultimately introducing successful programs into the curriculum. Principal Decker was one of two principals chosen to partici-pate in the initiative and has been as-signed to Long Elementary School, where she is working to bring consist-ency to the schools she leads and great-er opportunity to all of her students. It is because of her consistent academic success with her students that the franchise initiative began. Her Piggy Bank Program was utilized at Bracken and will be expanded to her Franchise School Walter Long STEAM Academy in the fall. Principal Decker has also worked to bring improvement to schools across the district by providing mentoring and administrative help. She teaches student climate classes to administrators, counselors, and teach-ers and has shared her leadership expe-rience at the State of Nevada Mega Conference. She has also presented her ideas on innovative programs to schools across the country for over 10 years. Her great list of accomplish-ments is legendary in the Clark County community and remains invaluable to local students. 
As a father of four children who at-
tended Nevada’s public schools and as the husband of a life long teacher, I un-derstand the important role that edu-cational institutions play in enriching the lives of Nevada’s students. Ensur-ing that America’s youth are prepared to compete in the 21st century is crit-ical for the future of our country. The State of Nevada is fortunate to be home to an educator like Principal Decker, whose mission is to prepare our children for their futures. 
I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans 
to join me in thanking Principal Deck-er for her dedication to enriching the lives of Nevada’s students and con-gratulating her on her many achieve-ments. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING KEN FURLONG 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Carson City sher-iff Ken Furlong on being named the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.069 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5927 July 27, 2015 
D.A.R.E Law Enforcement Executive of 
the Year. It gives me great pleasure to see him receive this prestigious award after years of hard work within the local community. 
Sheriff Furlong was born and raised 
in Carson City. In 1975, he graduated from Carson High School and enlisted into the U.S. Air Force in 1978. Throughout his service, Sheriff Fur-
long earned associate degrees in polit-ical science and criminal justice, as well as a bachelor’s degree in criminal justice administration. He retired from the U.S. Air Force, Office of Special In-vestigation in 1998 and began work with the Nevada Department of Public Safety, Investigations Division and Pa-role Probation. In 2003, he was elected to the Office of Sheriff and has contin-ued to serve the local community in this role ever since. 
The D.A.R.E Law Enforcement Exec-
utive of the Year is awarded each year by D.A.R.E America and the Drug En-forcement Agency to recognize law en-forcement officers who go above and beyond in drug prevention and enforce-ment. Sheriff Furlong reinstated the D.A.R.E Program during his first term in office and has consistently worked to improve the initiative throughout his tenure, heavily involving local schools and the community. He has ex-panded the program to cover several topics pertaining to positive decisions in addition to substance abuse. His dedication and commitment to shaping positive futures for Carson City stu-dents is undeniable. The efforts made by Sheriff Furlong and the Carson City Sheriff’s Office are truly admirable, standing as an example to neighboring communities. Along with the award, Sheriff Furlong will receive $1,000 that he has decided to put back towards the D.A.R.E America Program. 
I also commend each contributing or-
ganization that has made this impor-tant program possible, including Gro-cery Outlet, the Emblem Club, North-ern Nevada Coin, the Elks, the Eagles, and the Downtown Business Associa-tion, as well as the local schools that have facilitated the D.A.R.E Program. Through the help of local funding, stu-dents learn about peer pressure, resist-ance strategies, internet use, safety, bullying, violence prevention, and the value in making wise choices. The Car-son City Sheriff’s Office provides nu-merous activities and educational op-portunities throughout the year to compliment the curriculum and further inform students. This initiative is truly a reflection of Carson City’s strong and dedicated community. 
Throughout his tenure, Sheriff Fur-
long has demonstrated professionalism, commitment to excellence, and dedica-tion to the highest standards of the Carson City Sheriff’s Department. This program could not have achieved its success without Sheriff Furlong’s hard work. I am honored by his service and am proud to call him a fellow Nevadan. Today, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in congratulating Sheriff Fur-long on receiving this award, and I give 
my deepest appreciation for all that he has done to educate our local students on these important topics. I offer him my best wishes on the D.A.R.E Pro-gram and in his role to keep Carson City safe for years to come. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING CARRIE HAIR 
AND JAN HRINDO 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to congratulate Carrie Hair and Jan Hrindo on receiving the Presi-dential Awards for Excellence in Math-ematics and Science Teaching. These awards are truly prestigious, attained by only the most influential educators across the country. The Silver State is fortunate to have both of these suc-cessful teachers working at local schools. 
The Presidential Awards for Excel-
lence in Mathematics and Science Teaching are considered the Nation’s highest honor for kindergarten through high school mathematics and science educators. These teachers stand as role models to their colleagues and are dedicated to the success of Nevada’s fu-ture generations, particularly in en-couraging students to pursue science, technology, engineering, and math. The first teachers to receive these awards were selected in 1983, with 108 recognized annually. These educators go above and beyond in their local schools to implement unique, high- quality curriculum to help students excel in their learning. I am thankful to both Ms. Hair and Mrs. Hrindo for their invaluable educational contribu-tions. 
Mrs. Hrindo has been very influential 
in the lives of students, teaching for a total of 20 years. She has spent the last 15 years at Incline Elementary and In-cline Middle School, teaching a variety of different science classes. She also taught at Sierra Nevada College for several years, serving as a mentor to preservice teachers. Mrs. Hrindo cur-rently teaches sixth grade earth science, seventh grade life science, and eighth grade Spanish. Her vast range of knowledge is truly inspirational. She is most recognized for her hands-on labs and activities that provide students with a unique learning experience and for incorporating science into her stu-dents’ lives outside the walls of the classroom. She has also administrated community science events and science fair workshops. Mrs. Hrindo’s work is truly commendable. 
Ms. Hair has been a mathematics 
teacher for 15 years. Her past 4 years have been spent teaching seventh and eighth grade students in Reno at Dar-rell C. Swope Middle School, a highly successful magnet school. Ms. Hair was a key contributor in developing the curriculum incorporated at several middle magnet schools in Washoe County School District, which aims to enrich student knowledge at an accel-erated pace. Ms. Hair is also an active member in the Nevada Math Council and the Northern Nevada Math Council 
and presents workshops at regional conferences. Her work is greatly appre-
ciated. 
As a father of four children who at-
tended Nevada’s public schools, and as the husband of a life-long teacher, I un-derstand the important role that teachers play in enriching the lives of Nevada’s students. Ensuring that America’s youth are prepared to com-pete in the 21st century is critical for the future of our country. The State of Nevada is fortunate to be home to edu-cators like Ms. Hair and Mrs. Hrindo. 
I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans 
to join me in thanking Ms. Hair and Mrs. Hrindo for their dedication to en-riching the lives of Nevada’s students and in congratulating them on receiv-ing this incredible award. I wish them well in all of their future endeavors and in creating success for all students who enter their classrooms. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NATIONAL 
WOMEN’S LAW CENTER 
∑Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the National Women’s Law Center for its longtime leadership and tireless commitment to expanding opportunities for women, girls, and families. The law center’s advocacy has made a difference in countless lives for more than 40 years, and I have been proud to work with its members on many issues during my time in the Senate. 
On July 30, the Coalition on Human 
Needs will honor the law center as its 2015 Human Needs Hero, recognizing years of research, analysis, advocacy, and litigation on a wide range of issues at the State and Federal levels. Since its inception in 1972, the law center has been a tireless advocate for women, children, families, and those Ameri-cans most in need. It has been at the forefront of many important policy ini-tiatives and a source of insightful in-formation that is essential to pro-moting and enacting good public pol-icy. 
Over the years, I have been proud to 
work with the law center on important programs and policies—from affordable childcare to expanding tax credits for low- and moderate-income families, in-creasing the minimum wage, and nar-rowing the wage gap. The law center’s outreach and hard work have educated grassroots advocates and helped convey their views to policymakers for over 40 years—it is truly an invaluable re-source. 
As a determined and committed de-
fender of the needs of women and fami-lies, the law center has earned the ad-miration of fellow advocacy organiza-tions, the respect of its ideological op-ponents, and the trust of members of this body, including myself. I congratu-late the National Women’s Law Center for receiving this important award rec-ognizing its hard work and commit-ment to social justice. I look forward to continuing to work together for years to come. ∑ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G27JY6.003 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5928 July 27, 2015 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 5:42 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 1626. An act to reduce duplication of 
information technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 5:56 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1138. An act to establish certain wil-
derness areas in central Idaho and to author-ize various land conveyances involving Na-tional Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes. 
At 6:06 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2499) to amend the Small Business Act to increase access to cap-ital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 7:11 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 2499. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to increase access to capital for vet-eran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
S. 310. A bill to prohibit the use of Federal 
funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Gov-
ernment (Rept. No. 114–93). 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: 
S. 1172. A bill to improve the process of 
presidential transition (Rept. No. 114–94). 
S. 1576. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to prevent fraud by representa-tive payees (Rept. No. 114–95). 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. KIRK: 
S. 1863. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to Timothy Nugent, in recogni-tion of his pioneering work on behalf of peo-ple with disabilities, including disabled vet-erans; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, and Mr. C ORNYN ): 
S. 1864. A bill to improve national security 
by developing metrics to measure the effec-tiveness of security between ports of entry, at points of entry, and along the maritime border; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Ms. 
A
YOTTE , Mrs. C APITO , and Ms. B ALD-
WIN): 
S. 1865. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act with respect to eating disorders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN ): 
S. 1866. A bill to establish the veterans’ 
business outreach center program, to im-prove the programs for veterans of the Small Business Administration, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
By Mr. SHELBY (for himself, Ms. M
I-
KULSKI , and Mr. K IRK): 
S. 1867. A bill to protect children from ex-
ploitation by providing advance notice of in-tended travel by registered sex offenders out-side the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting for-eign governments to notify the United States when a known sex offender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
By Mr. CARPER: 
S. 1868. A bill to extend by 15 years the au-
thority of the Secretary of Commerce to con-duct the quarterly financial report program; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. CARPER (for himself and Mr. 
J
OHNSON ): 
S. 1869. A bill to improve federal network 
security and authorize and enhance an exist-ing intrusion detection and prevention sys-tem for civilian federal networks; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. 
T
ESTER ): 
S. 1870. A bill to amend the Small Business 
Act to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to carry out a pilot program on issuing grants to eligible veterans to start or acquire qualifying busi-nesses, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. 
R
UBIO): S. 1871. A bill to establish a smart card 
pilot program under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Ms. 
H
IRONO , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. S TABENOW , 
Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. K AINE, Ms. M IKUL-
SKI, Mr. T ESTER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mr. S CHATZ , and Mr. 
MERKLEY ): 
S. 1872. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to require the Secretary to provide for the use of data from the second preceding tax year to carry out the sim-plification of applications for the estimation and determination of financial aid eligi-bility, to increase the income threshold to qualify for zero expected family contribu-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. KING (for himself, Ms. C OLLINS , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
REED, Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. M URPHY ): 
S. Res. 230. A resolution designating Sep-
tember 25, 2015, as ‘‘National Lobster Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mr. C
AS-
SIDY, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. 
ALEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCH-
RAN, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
CORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , 
Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D AINES , 
Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, 
Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. 
FISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
GRAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H ATCH , 
Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. 
HELLER , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , 
Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. K IRK, Ms. 
KLOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , 
Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , 
Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, 
Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , 
Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, 
Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
SHELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
WARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , and Mr. W YDEN ): 
S. Res. 231. A resolution honoring the 
memory and legacy of the two Louisiana citizens who lost their lives, recognizing the heroism of first responders and those on the scene, and condemning the attack of July 23, 2015, in Lafayette, Louisiana; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. 
R
OBERTS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
PERDUE , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. W ARNER , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ARPER , 
and Mr. C OTTON ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.022 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5929 July 27, 2015 
S. Res. 232. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that August 30, 2015, be observed as ‘‘1890 Land-Grant Institutions Quasquicentennial Recognition Day’’; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 31 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
31, a bill to amend part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate covered part D drug prices on behalf of Medicare bene-ficiaries. 
S. 32 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ), the Senator from New York 
(Mr. S CHUMER ) and the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 32, a bill to provide the Department of Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activ-ity, and for other purposes. 
S. 51 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
51, a bill to amend title X of the Public Health Service Act to prohibit family planning grants from being awarded to any entity that performs abortions, and for other purposes. 
S. 235 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 235, a bill to provide for wildfire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 280 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
280, a bill to improve the efficiency, management, and interagency coordi-nation of the Federal permitting proc-ess through reforms overseen by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and for other purposes. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from 
California (Mrs. B OXER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 330, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for con-tributions of qualified conservation contributions, and for other purposes. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. SCHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
491, a bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from 
Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 512, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to safe-guard data stored abroad from im-proper government access, and for other purposes. 
S. 564 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 564, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to include licensed hearing aid specialists as eligible for appointment in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 578 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 598 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 598, a bill to improve the un-derstanding of, and promote access to treatment for, chronic kidney disease, and for other purposes. 
S. 609 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 609, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and increase the exclusion for benefits provided to volunteer firefighters and emergency medical responders. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive co-insurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 628 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. GARDNER ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 628, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the designation of maternity care health professional shortage areas. 
S. 683 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 683, a bill to extend the prin-ciple of federalism to State drug pol-icy, provide access to medical mari-juana, and enable research into the me-dicinal properties of marijuana. 
S. 689 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 689, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 706 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 706, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require institutions of higher education to have an independent advocate for cam-pus sexual assault prevention and re-sponse. 
S. 776 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator 
from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 776, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to improve access to medica-tion therapy management under part D of the Medicare program. 
S. 862 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 862, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to vic-tims of discrimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other purposes. 
S. 898 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 898, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the participation of optometrists in the National Health Service Corps scholar-ship and loan repayment programs, and for other purposes. 
S. 993 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) and the Senator from New 
Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 993, a bill to increase public safety by facilitating collabora-tion among the criminal justice, juve-nile justice, veterans treatment serv-ices, mental health treatment, and sub-stance abuse systems. 
S. 1020 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.028 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5930 July 27, 2015 
(Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1020, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure the continued access of Medicare beneficiaries to diagnostic imaging services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1081 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1081, a bill to end the use of body-gripping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate ad-ditional unlawful acts under the Act, strengthen penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agri-culture enforcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1461 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1461, a bill to provide for the extension of the enforcement in-struction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hos-pitals through 2015. 
S. 1498 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from 
New Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1498, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require that military working dogs be retired in the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1512, a bill to eliminate dis-crimination and promote women’s health and economic security by ensur-ing reasonable workplace accommoda-tions for workers whose ability to per-form the functions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condition. 
S. 1703 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1703, a bill to direct the Ad-ministrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to carry out a collaborative research effort to prevent drunk driving injuries and fa-talities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1792 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ) and the Senator from New 
Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1792, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to equal-ize the exclusion from gross income of parking and transportation fringe ben-efits and to provide for a common cost- of-living adjustment, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1836 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1836, a bill to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parent-hood Federation of America, Inc. 
S. 1842 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1842, a bill to ensure State and local compliance with all Federal im-migration detainers on aliens in cus-tody and for other purposes. 
S. 1857 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1857, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for ex-panded participation in the microloan program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1861 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the 
names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1861, a bill to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Federation of America. 
S. RES. 222 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Res. 222, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the Fed-eration Internationale de Football As-sociation should immediately elimi-nate gender pay inequity and treat all athletes with the same respect and dig-nity. 
S. RES. 226 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name 
of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. Res. 226, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the street be-tween the intersections of 16th Street, Northwest and Fuller Street, North-west and 16th Street, Northwest and Euclid Street, Northwest in Wash-ington, District of Columbia, should be designated as ‘‘Oswaldo Paya Way’’ . 
AMENDMENT NO . 2268 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the 
names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 2268 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-
tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2272 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the 
name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2272 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2289 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Illi-
nois (Mr. D URBIN ) were added as co-
sponsors of amendment No. 2289 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2292 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the 
names of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) and the Senator from Oklahoma 
(Mr. L ANKFORD ) were added as cospon-
sors of amendment No. 2292 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2336 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 2336 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2337 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 2337 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.024 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5931 July 27, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 2353 
At the request of Mr. M ERKLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2353 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2362 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2362 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2363 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2363 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2371 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
names of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from 
Washington (Mrs. M URRAY ) and the 
Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 2371 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2397 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2397 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2406 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C ARPER ), the Senator from Massa-
chusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) and the Senator 
from New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 2406 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2414 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2414 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2416 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) and the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 2416 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2420 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 2420 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2456 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2456 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2492 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 2492 intended to 
be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2495 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2495 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2496 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 2496 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2504 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2504 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2516 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2516 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2518 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D UR-
BIN) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2518 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.025 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5932 July 27, 2015 
to which the employer mandate applies 
under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2519 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D UR-
BIN) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2519 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. KIRK: 
S. 1863. A bill to award a Congres-
sional Gold Medal to Timothy Nugent, in recognition of his pioneering work on behalf of people with disabilities, in-cluding disabled veterans; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, today I 
wish to commemorate the 25th anni-versary of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act, ADA, as well as Timothy Nugent, who has spent the past 70 years as a relentless innovator and tireless advocate for disabled people across the country. Together with Con-gressman R
ODNEY DAVIS, I have intro-
duced a bill that would award Mr. Nugent with the Congressional Gold Medal. Mr. Nugent and the ADA have helped millions of Americans live bet-ter, more productive lives, improving the United States overall, and making us an example for the world to follow. 
Timothy Nugent saw a need for serv-
ices and accommodations for disabled servicemen when they came home from the battlefields of World War II. Mr. Nugent founded the first higher edu-cational program for wounded and dis-abled soldiers in the world, and he con-fronted the bias of the general public by bringing students with disabilities into the mainstream of college cam-puses and societies. Because of Mr. Nugent’s leadership and commitment, the University of Illinois built accom-modations for the disabled veteran and created a hospitable environment for our Nation’s greatest heroes, providing them the same educational opportuni-ties as others. He also disproved many in the medical community who be-lieved that either rehabilitation and sporting activities were harmful to in-dividuals with severe disabilities or that education was not necessary be-cause of the beliefs at the time was that the lifespan of persons with spinal cord injuries would be too short for them to benefit from college degrees. 
Many of the architectural accessi-
bility standards and laws of the United States, including the welcoming Amer-icans with Disabilities Act, trace back directly to innovations created by Nugent. I know firsthand how impor-tant this law and Mr. Nugent’s actions 
are to the University of Illinois and the community of 50 million Americans living with a disabilities. Laws like the Americans with Disabilities Act allow all Americans to live life on their own terms, and Mr. Nugent’s work on be-half of these individuals is well-deserv-ing of the Congressional Gold Medal. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 230—DESIG-
NATING SEPTEMBER 25, 2015, AS ‘‘NATIONAL LOBSTER DAY’’ 
Mr. KING (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. 
REED, Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. M URPHY ) 
submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 230 
Whereas lobster from the United States is 
recognized around the world as a prized cul-inary delicacy; 
Whereas lobster fishing has served as an 
economic engine and a family tradition in the United States for centuries; 
Whereas thousands of families in the 
United States make their livelihoods from lobster fishing and processing; 
Whereas more than 120,000,000 pounds of 
lobster are caught each year in waters of the United States, representing one of the Na-tion’s most valuable catches; 
Whereas the lobster industry is booming 
abroad, with profits climbing from $335,800,000 in 2009 to $738,600,000 in 2014; 
Whereas historical lore notes that lobster 
likely joined turkey on the table at the very first Thanksgiving Day feast in 1621; 
Whereas responsible lobstering practices, 
beginning in the 1600s, have created one of the world’s most sustainable fisheries; 
Whereas Lobster Newburg was featured on 
the menu at the inaugural dinner celebration for President John F. Kennedy; 
Whereas lobsters are one of the most 
healthy and nutritious sources of protein; 
Whereas the peak of the lobstering season 
in the United States occurs in the late sum-mer; 
Whereas lobster has become a culinary 
icon, with the lobster roll being featured at the 2015 World Food Expo in Milan, Italy; and 
Whereas lobster is featured on more and 
more restaurant menus, growing by 35 per-cent from 2009 to 2013: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates September 25, 2015, as ‘‘Na-
tional Lobster Day’’; and 
(2) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe the day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 231—HON-
ORING THE MEMORY AND LEG-ACY OF THE TWO LOUISIANA CITIZENS WHO LOST THEIR LIVES, RECOGNIZING THE HER-OISM OF FIRST RESPONDERS AND THOSE ON THE SCENE, AND CONDEMNING THE ATTACK OF JULY 23, 2015, IN LAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA 
Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mr. C
AS-
SIDY, Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. R EID, Mr. 
ALEXANDER , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , 
Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , 
Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , 
Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , 
Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , 
Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. H ELLER , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Mr. 
KIRK, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , 
Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , 
Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N EL-
SON, Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. 
TESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. 
WARREN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , 
and Mr. W YDEN ) submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 231 
Whereas on July 23, 2015, a gunman per-
petrated a horrific attack at the Grand The-atre 16 movie theatre in Lafayette, Lou-isiana, killing two Louisiana citizens; 
Whereas Jillian Johnson, of Lafayette, 
Louisiana, a Lafayette businesswoman, mu-sician, and wife, who served her community with kindness and grace, was killed; 
Whereas Mayci Breaux, of Franklin, Lou-
isiana, a student preparing for a career as an ultrasound and radiology technician, who served her community with compassion and enthusiasm, was also killed; 
Whereas nine Louisiana citizens were in-
jured in the course of this senseless attack; 
Whereas the swift and courageous response 
by those in the theater and law enforcement officers and first responders prevented addi-tional loss of life; and 
Whereas the people of the United States 
stand united with the community of Lafay-ette and the families of the victims to sup-port all those affected and pray for healing and peace: Now therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) condemns the attack of July 23, 2015, in 
Lafayette, Louisiana; 
(2) honors the memory of the two Lou-
isiana citizens who lost their lives; 
(3) recognizes the skill and heroism of the 
law enforcement officers, members of the Armed Forces, and first responders who came to the aid of others; 
(4) commends the efforts of those who are 
working to care for the injured and inves-tigate this horrific incident; 
(5) extends its heartfelt condolences and 
prayers to the families of the victims, and to all those affected in the community of La-fayette and in the United States; and 
(6) pledges to continue to work together to 
prevent future attacks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.025 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5933 July 27, 2015 
SENATE RESOLUTION 232—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT AUGUST 30, 2015, BE OBSERVED AS ‘‘1890 LAND- GRANT INSTITUTIONS QUASQUICENTENNIAL RECOGNI-TION DAY’’ 
Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. 
PERDUE , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. C OONS , 
Mr. C ARPER , and Mr. C OTTON ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry: 
S. R ES. 232 
Whereas the Act of August 30, 1890 (7 U.S.C. 
321 et seq.), popularly known as the ‘‘Second Morrill Act’’, led to the creation of 19 his-torically black Federal land-grant edu-cational institutions; 
Whereas the 19 historically black 1890 land- 
grant universities are identified as Lincoln University, Alcorn State University, the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff, Ala-bama A&M University, Prairie View A&T University, Southern University, Virginia State University, Kentucky State Univer-sity, the University of Maryland-Eastern Shore, Florida A&M University, Delaware State University, North Carolina A&T Uni-versity, Fort Valley State University, South Carolina State University, Langston Univer-sity, Tennessee State University, Tuskegee 
University, Central State University, and West Virginia State University; 
Whereas the Act of May 8, 1914 (7 U.S.C. 
341), popularly known as the ‘‘Smith-Lever Act’’, provided for the establishment of the Cooperative Extension Service within the Department of Agriculture for the dissemi-nation, through Federal land-grant institu-tions, of information pertaining to agri-culture and home economics; and 
Whereas appropriate recognition should be 
given to the contributions made by the 19 historically black Federal land-grant insti-tutions to the heritage, educational develop-ment, and agricultural strength of the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) August 30, 2015, should be designated as 
‘‘1890 Land-Grant Institutions Quasquicentennial Recognition Day’’; 
(2) such day should be observed with appro-
priate ceremonies and activities to recognize the collective contributions that these insti-tutions have made to the United States; 
(3) the Second Morrill Act and the Smith- 
Lever Act have helped the United States de-velop agricultural leaders; and 
(4) the Department of Agriculture and the 
National Institute of Food and Agriculture should remain committed to supporting the goals of the Second Morrill Act and the Smith-Lever Act. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2528. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself and Mr. 
MARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 22, 
to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for pur-poses of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2529. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. 
SA 2530. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2531. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2532. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2527 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE and in-
tended to be proposed to the amendment SA 2266 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2533. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2421 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the 
amendment SA 2266 proposed by Mr. M CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 22, supra. 
SA 2534. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. B LUNT , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. H EITKAMP , 
Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. W ARNER , 
Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. 
CASEY ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2421 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 
2266 proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2535. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2272 submitted by Mr. T
ESTER and intended to be proposed to the 
bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2536. Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2537. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2528. Mr. CASSIDY (for himself 
and Mr. M ARKEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 22, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 52204 and insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. 52204. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE 
DRAWDOWN AND SALE. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary of En-ergy shall drawdown and sell from the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve— 
(A) the quantity of barrels of crude oil that 
the Secretary of Energy determines to be ap-propriate to maximize the financial return to United States taxpayers for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017; 
(B) 4,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2018; (C) 5,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2019; 
(D) 8,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2020; 
(E) 8,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2021; 
(F) 10,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2022; 
(G) 16,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2023; 
(H) 25,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2024; and 
(I) 25,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2025. 
(2) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE .—Amounts received from a sale under 
paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the gen-eral fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. 
(b) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—In any 1 fis-
cal year described in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary of Energy shall not drawdown and sell crude oil under this section in quantities that would result in a Strategic Petroleum Reserve that contains an inventory of petro-leum products representing fewer than 90 days of emergency reserves, based on the av-erage daily level of net imports of crude oil and petroleum products in the calendar year preceding that fiscal year. 
(c) I
NCREASE ; LIMITATION .— 
(1) I NCREASE .—The Secretary of Energy 
may increase the drawdown and sales under subparagraphs (A) through (I) of subsection (a)(1) as the Secretary of Energy determines to be appropriate to maximize the financial return to United States taxpayers. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall not drawdown or conduct sales of crude oil under this section after the date on which a total of $9,050,000,000 has been deposited in the general fund of the Treasury from sales authorized under this section. 
SA 2529. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2266 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 22, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . CLEARING TRAINS FROM GRADE 
CROSSINGS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Moving Obstructed Trains In- between Openings Now (MOTION) Act’’. 
(b) G
RADE CROSSING EXCEPTION .— 
(1) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 211 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 21110. Grade crossing exception. 
‘‘Employees may be allowed to remain or 
go on duty for a period in excess of the limi-tations established under this chapter to the extent necessary to clear a blockage of ve-hicular traffic at a grade crossing.’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 211 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘21110. Grade crossing exception.’’. 
SA 2530. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.032 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5934 July 27, 2015 
under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-
ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . EXEMPTION FOR LOGGING VEHICLES 
IN WISCONSIN. 
Section 127 of title 23, United States Code 
(as amended by section 11203), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(n) L
OGGING VEHICLES IN WISCONSIN .—No 
limit or other prohibition under this section, except the limit described in this subsection, shall apply to a vehicle with a gross weight of 98,000 pounds or less if the vehicle is— 
‘‘(1) transporting raw or unfinished forest 
product; and 
‘‘(2) operating on Interstate Route 39 in 
Wisconsin from mile marker 175.8 to mile marker 189.’’. 
SA 2531. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . MOTORCYCLIST ADVISORY COUNCIL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting 
through the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, in consultation with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, shall ap-point a Motorcyclist Advisory Council to co-ordinate with and advise the Administrator on infrastructure issues of concern to motor-cyclists, including— 
(1) barrier design; (2) road design, construction, and mainte-
nance practices; and 
(3) the architecture and implementation of 
intelligent transportation system tech-nologies. 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .—The Council shall con-
sist of not more than 10 members of the motorcycling community with professional expertise in national motorcyclist safety ad-vocacy, including— 
(1) at least— (A) 1 member recommended by a national 
motorcyclist association; 
(B) 1 member recommended by a national 
motorcycle riders foundation; 
(C) 1 representative of the National Asso-
ciation of State Motorcycle Safety Adminis-trators; 
(D) 2 members of State motorcyclists’ or-
ganizations; 
(E) 1 member recommended by a national 
organization that represents the builders of highway infrastructure; 
(F) 1 member recommended by a national 
association that represents the traffic safety systems industry; and 
(G) 1 member of a national safety organiza-
tion; and 
(2) at least 1, and not more than 2, motor-
cyclists who are traffic system design engi-neers or State transportation department of-
ficials. 
SA 2532. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2527 submitted by Mr. I
NHOFE and intended to be proposed to 
the amendment SA 2266 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 22, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
One line 2, strike ‘‘$439,999,999’’ and insert 
‘‘$439,999,998’’. 
SA 2533. Mr. INHOFE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2421 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 2266 
proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of de-termining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be in-
serted, insert the following: 
DIVISION A—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
AND HIGHWAY SAFETY CONSTRUCTION PROGRAMS 
TITLE I—FEDERAL-AID HIGHWAYS 
Subtitle A—Authorizations and Programs 
SEC. 11001. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following sums are 
authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
(1) F
EDERAL -AID HIGHWAY PROGRAM .—For 
the national highway performance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, the surface transportation program under section 133 of that title, the highway safety improvement program under section 148 of that title, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149 of that title, the national freight program under section 167 of that title, the transportation alternatives program under section 213 of that title, and to carry out sec-tion 134 of that title— 
(A) $39,579,500,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $40,771,300,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $42,127,100,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $43,476,400,000 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $44,570,700,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $45,691,900,000 for fiscal year 2021. (2) T
RANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE FI -
NANCE AND INNOVATION PROGRAM .—For credit 
assistance under the transportation infra-structure finance and innovation program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code, $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(3) F
EDERAL LANDS AND TRIBAL TRANSPOR -
TATION PROGRAMS .— 
(A) T RIBAL TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM .—For 
the tribal transportation program under sec-tion 202 of title 23, United States Code— 
(i) $465,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (ii) $475,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (iii) $485,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (iv) $495,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; 
(v) $505,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (vi) $515,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (B) F
EDERAL LANDS TRANSPORTATION PRO -
GRAM .— 
(i) A UTHORIZATION .—For the Federal lands 
transportation program under section 203 of title 23, United States Code— 
(I) $305,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (II) $310,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (III) $315,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (IV) $320,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (V) $325,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (VI) $330,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (ii) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
(I) $240,000,000 of the amount made avail-
able for each fiscal year shall be the amount for the National Park Service; and 
(II) $30,000,000 of the amount made avail-
able for each fiscal year shall be the amount for the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice. 
(C) F
EDERAL LANDS ACCESS PROGRAM .—For 
the Federal lands access program under sec-tion 204 of title 23, United States Code— 
(i) $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (ii) $255,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (iii) $260,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (iv) $265,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (v) $270,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (vi) $275,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. (4) T
ERRITORIAL AND PUERTO RICO HIGHWAY  
PROGRAM .—For the territorial and Puerto 
Rico highway program under section 165 of title 23, United States Code, $190,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(5) A
SSISTANCE FOR MAJOR PROJECTS PRO -
GRAM .—For the assistance for major projects 
program under section 171 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $350,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $400,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $400,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $400,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
(b) R
ESEARCH , TECHNOLOGY , ANDEDUCATION  
AUTHORIZATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The following sums are 
authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
(A) H
IGHWAY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
PROGRAM .—To carry out the highway re-
search and development program under sec-tion 503(b) of title 23, United States Code, $130,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(B) T
ECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION DEPLOY -
MENT PROGRAM .—To carry out the tech-
nology and innovation deployment program under section 503(c) of title 23, United States Code, $62,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021. 
(C) T
RAINING AND EDUCATION .—To carry out 
training and education under section 504 of title 23, United States Code, $24,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(D) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS  
PROGRAM .—To carry out the intelligent 
transportation systems program under sec-tions 512 through 518 of title 23, United States Code, $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(E) U
NIVERSITY TRANSPORTATION CENTERS  
PROGRAM .—To carry out the university 
transportation centers program under sec-tion 5505 of title 49, United States Code, $72,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
(2) B
UREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATIS -
TICS.—There are authorized to be appro-
priated out of the general fund of the Treas-ury to carry out chapter 63 of title 49, United States Code, $26,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.033 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5935 July 27, 2015 
(3) A DMINISTRATION .—The Federal Highway 
Administration shall administer the pro-grams described in subparagraphs (D) and (E) of paragraph (1). 
(4) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23 , UNITED  
STATES CODE .—Funds authorized to be appro-
priated by paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) be available for obligation in the same 
manner as if those funds were apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) remain available until expended; and (C) not be transferable. 
(c) D
ISADVANTAGED BUSINESS ENTER -
PRISES .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(A) while significant progress has occurred 
due to the establishment of the disadvan-taged business enterprise program, discrimi-nation and related barriers continue to pose significant obstacles for minority- and women-owned businesses seeking to do busi-ness in federally assisted surface transpor-tation markets across the United States; 
(B) the continuing barriers described in 
subparagraph (A) merit the continuation of the disadvantaged business enterprise pro-gram; 
(C) Congress has received and reviewed tes-
timony and documentation of race and gen-der discrimination from numerous sources, including congressional hearings and roundtables, scientific reports, reports issued by public and private agencies, news stories, reports of discrimination by organizations and individuals, and discrimination lawsuits, which show that race- and gender-neutral ef-forts alone are insufficient to address the problem; 
(D) the testimony and documentation de-
scribed in subparagraph (C) demonstrate that discrimination across the United States poses a barrier to full and fair participation in surface transportation-related businesses of women business owners and minority busi-ness owners and has impacted firm develop-ment and many aspects of surface transpor-tation-related business in the public and pri-vate markets; and 
(E) the testimony and documentation de-
scribed in subparagraph (C) provide a strong basis that there is a compelling need for the continuation of the disadvantaged business 
enterprise program to address race and gen-der discrimination in surface transportation- related business. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the 
following definitions apply: 
(A) S MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘small business 
concern’’ means a small business concern (as the term is used in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)). 
(ii) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘small business 
concern’’ does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same so-cially and economically disadvantaged indi-vidual or individuals that have average an-nual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $23,980,000, as ad-justed annually by the Secretary for infla-tion. 
(B) S
OCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY DISADVAN -
TAGED INDIVIDUALS .—The term ‘‘socially and 
economically disadvantaged individuals’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)) and relevant subcontracting regulations issued pursuant to that Act, except that women shall be presumed to be socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged individuals for pur-poses of this subsection. 
(3) A
MOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS CON -
CERNS .—Except to the extent that the Sec-
retary determines otherwise, not less than 10 percent of the amounts made available for any program under divisions A and B of this Act and section 403 of title 23, United States Code, shall be expended through small busi-
ness concerns owned and controlled by so-cially and economically disadvantaged indi-viduals. 
(4) A
NNUAL LISTING OF DISADVANTAGED BUSI -
NESS ENTERPRISES .—Each State shall annu-
ally— 
(A) survey and compile a list of the small 
business concerns referred to in paragraph (2) in the State, including the location of the small business concerns in the State; and 
(B) notify the Secretary, in writing, of the 
percentage of the small business concerns that are controlled by— 
(i) women; (ii) socially and economically disadvan-
taged individuals (other than women); and 
(iii) individuals who are women and are 
otherwise socially and economically dis-advantaged individuals. 
(5) U
NIFORM CERTIFICATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish minimum uniform criteria for use by State governments in certifying whether a concern qualifies as a small business concern for the purpose of this subsection. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The minimum uniform 
criteria established under subparagraph (A) shall include, with respect to a potential small business concern— 
(i) on-site visits; (ii) personal interviews with personnel; (iii) issuance or inspection of licenses; (iv) analyses of stock ownership; (v) listings of equipment; (vi) analyses of bonding capacity; (vii) listings of work completed; (viii) examination of the resumes of prin-
cipal owners; 
(ix) analyses of financial capacity; and (x) analyses of the type of work preferred. (6) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish minimum requirements for use by State governments in reporting to the Secretary— 
(A) information concerning disadvantaged 
business enterprise awards, commitments, and achievements; and 
(B) such other information as the Sec-
retary determines to be appropriate for the proper monitoring of the disadvantaged busi-ness enterprise program. 
(7) C
OMPLIANCE WITH COURT ORDERS .—Noth-
ing in this subsection limits the eligibility of an individual or entity to receive funds made available under divisions A and B of this Act and section 403 of title 23, United States Code, if the individual or entity is prevented, in whole or in part, from complying with paragraph (2) because a Federal court issues a final order in which the court finds that a requirement or the implementation of para-graph (2) is unconstitutional. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1101(b) of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 414) is repealed. 
SEC. 11002. OBLIGATION CEILING. 
(a) G ENERAL LIMITATION .—Subject to sub-
section (e), and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the obligations for Federal- aid highway and highway safety construc-tion programs shall not exceed— 
(1) $41,625,500,000 for fiscal year 2016; (2) $42,896,300,000 for fiscal year 2017; (3) $44,331,100,000 for fiscal year 2018; (4) $45,759,400,000 for fiscal year 2019; (5) $46,882,700,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (6) $48,032,900,000 for fiscal year 2021. (b) E
XCEPTIONS .—The limitations under 
subsection (a) shall not apply to obligations under or for— 
(1) section 125 of title 23, United States 
Code; 
(2) section 147 of the Surface Transpor-
tation Assistance Act of 1978 (23 U.S.C. 144 note; 92 Stat. 2714); 
(3) section 9 of the Federal-Aid Highway 
Act of 1981 (95 Stat. 1701); (4) subsections (b) and (j) of section 131 of 
the Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); 
(5) subsections (b) and (c) of section 149 of 
the Surface Transportation and Uniform Re-location Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); 
(6) sections 1103 through 1108 of the Inter-
modal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2027); 
(7) section 157 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect on June 8, 1998); 
(8) section 105 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(9) section 105 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(10) Federal-aid highway programs for 
which obligation authority was made avail-able under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (112 Stat. 107) or subse-quent Acts for multiple years or to remain available until expended, but only to the ex-tent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used; 
(11) section 1603 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 
118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that sec-tion were not subject to a limitation on obli-gations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; 
(12) section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2013 through 2015, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); and 
(13) section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code (but, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years). 
(c) D
ISTRIBUTION OF OBLIGATION AUTHOR -
ITY.—For each of fiscal years 2016 through 
2021, the Secretary shall— 
(1) not distribute obligation authority pro-
vided by subsection (a) for the fiscal year for— 
(A) amounts authorized for administrative 
expenses and programs by section 104(a) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(B) amounts authorized for the Bureau of 
Transportation Statistics; 
(2) not distribute an amount of obligation 
authority provided by subsection (a) that is equal to the unobligated balance of amounts— 
(A) made available from the Highway 
Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count) for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Sec-retary under section 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and 
(B) for which obligation authority was pro-
vided in a previous fiscal year; 
(3) determine the proportion that— (A) an amount equal to the difference be-
tween— 
(i) the obligation authority provided by 
subsection (a) for the fiscal year; and 
(ii) the aggregate amount not distributed 
under paragraphs (1) and (2); bears to 
(B) an amount equal to the difference be-
tween— 
(i) the total of the sums authorized to be 
appropriated for the Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs (other than sums authorized to be appro-priated for provisions of law described in paragraphs (1) through (12) of subsection (b) and sums authorized to be appropriated for section 119 of title 23, United States Code, equal to the amount referred to in sub-section (b)(13) for the fiscal year); and 
(ii) the aggregate amount not distributed 
under paragraphs (1) and (2); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5936 July 27, 2015 
(4) distribute the obligation authority pro-
vided by subsection (a), less the aggregate amount not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2), for each of the programs (other than programs to which paragraph (1) applies) that are allocated by the Secretary under this Act and title 23, United States Code, or apportioned by the Secretary under section 202 or 204 of that title, by multiplying— 
(A) the proportion determined under para-
graph (3); by 
(B) the amounts authorized to be appro-
priated for each such program for the fiscal year; and 
(5) distribute the obligation authority pro-
vided by subsection (a), less the aggregate amount not distributed under paragraphs (1) and (2) and the amounts distributed under paragraph (4), for Federal-aid highway and highway safety construction programs that are apportioned by the Secretary under title 23, United States Code, (other than the amounts apportioned for the national high-way performance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are ex-
empt from the limitation under subsection (b)(13) and the amounts apportioned under sections 202 and 204 of that title) in the pro-portion that— 
(A) amounts authorized to be appropriated 
for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to each State for the fiscal year; bears to 
(B) the total of the amounts authorized to 
be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to all States for the fiscal year. 
(d) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNUSED OBLIGATION  
AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding subsection (c), 
the Secretary shall, after August 1 of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021— 
(1) revise a distribution of the obligation 
authority made available under subsection (c) if an amount distributed cannot be obli-gated during that fiscal year; and 
(2) redistribute sufficient amounts to those 
States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 405)) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. 
(e) A
PPLICABILITY OF OBLIGATION LIMITA -
TIONS TO TRANSPORTATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), obligation limitations im-posed by subsection (a) shall apply to con-tract authority for transportation research programs carried out under chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—Obligation authority made 
available under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) remain available for a period of 4 fiscal 
years; and 
(B) be in addition to the amount of any 
limitation imposed on obligations for Fed-eral-aid highway and highway safety con-struction programs for future fiscal years. 
(f) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF CERTAIN AUTHORIZED  
FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of distribution of obligation authority under subsection (c) for each of fis-cal years 2016 through 2021, the Secretary shall distribute to the States any funds (ex-cluding funds authorized for the program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code) that— 
(A) are authorized to be appropriated for 
the fiscal year for Federal-aid highway pro-grams; and 
(B) the Secretary determines will not be 
allocated to the States (or will not be appor-tioned to the States under section 204 of title 23, United States Code), and will not be available for obligation, for the fiscal year 
because of the imposition of any obligation limitation for the fiscal year. 
(2) R
ATIO.—Funds shall be distributed 
under paragraph (1) in the same proportion as the distribution of obligation authority under subsection (c)(5). 
(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds distributed to 
each State under paragraph (1) shall be available for any purpose described in sec-tion 133(b) of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 11003. APPORTIONMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 104 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1) by striking subpara-
graphs (A) and (B) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) $456,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $465,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(C) $474,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(D) $483,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $492,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(F) $501,000,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘and the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program’’ and inserting ‘‘the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program, the national freight program’’; 
(B) in each of paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) by 
striking ‘‘paragraphs (4) and (5)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), and section 213(a)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘63.7 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’; 
(D) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘29.3 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘29 percent’’; 
(E) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘7 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘6 percent’’; 
(F) in paragraph (4), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘deter-mined for the State under subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘remaining under subsection (c) after making the set-asides in accordance with paragraph (5) and section 213(a)’’; 
(G) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (6); 
(H) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) N
ATIONAL FREIGHT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For the national freight 
program under section 167, the Secretary shall set aside from the amount determined for a State under subsection (c) an amount determined for the State under subpara-graphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) T
OTAL AMOUNT .—The total amount set 
aside for the national freight program for all States shall be— 
‘‘(i) $1,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(ii) $1,450,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(iii) $2,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(iv) $2,300,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(v) $2,400,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(vi) $2,500,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(C) S
TATE SHARE .—The Secretary shall 
distribute among the States the total set- aside amount for the national freight pro-gram under subparagraph (B) so that each State receives an amount equal to the pro-portion that— 
‘‘(i) the total apportionment determined 
under subsection (c) for a State; bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total apportionments for all 
States. 
‘‘(D) M
ETROPOLITAN PLANNING .—Of the 
amount set aside under this paragraph for a State, the Secretary shall use to carry out section 134 an amount determined by multi-plying the set-aside amount by the propor-tion that— 
‘‘(i) the amount apportioned to the State 
to carry out section 134 for fiscal year 2009; bears to 
‘‘(ii) the total amount of funds apportioned 
to the State for that fiscal year for the pro-grams referred to in section 105(a)(2), except 
for the high priority projects program re-ferred to in section 105(a)(2)(H) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 405).’’; and 
(I) in paragraph (6) (as redesignated by sub-
paragraph (G)), in the matter preceding sub-paragraph (A), by striking ‘‘determined for the State under subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘remaining under subsection (c) after mak-ing the set-asides in accordance with para-graph (5) and section 213(a)’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c) by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(3) F
OR FISCAL YEARS 2016 THROUGH 2021 .— 
‘‘(A) S TATE SHARE .—For each of fiscal 
years 2016 through 2021, the amount for each State of combined apportionments for the national highway performance program under section 119, the surface transportation program under section 133, the highway safe-ty improvement program under section 148, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149, the national freight program under section 167, the transportation alternatives program under section 213, and to carry out section 134, shall be determined as follows: 
‘‘(i) I
NITIAL AMOUNT .—The initial amount 
for each State shall be determined by multi-plying the total amount available for appor-tionment by the share for each State, which shall be equal to the proportion that— 
‘‘(I) the amount of apportionments that 
the State received for fiscal year 2014; bears to 
‘‘(II) the amount of those apportionments 
received by all States for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENTS TO AMOUNTS .—The ini-
tial amounts resulting from the calculation under clause (i) shall be adjusted to ensure that, for each State, the amount of combined apportionments for the programs shall not be less than 95 percent of the estimated tax payments attributable to highway users in the State paid into the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) in the most recent fiscal year for which data are available. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE APPORTIONMENT .—For each of 
fiscal years 2016 through 2021, on October 1, the Secretary shall apportion the sum au-thorized to be appropriated for expenditure on the national highway performance pro-gram under section 119, the surface transpor-tation program under section 133, the high-way safety improvement program under sec-tion 148, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149, the national freight program under sec-tion 167, the transportation alternatives pro-gram under section 213, and to carry out sec-tion 134 in accordance with subparagraph (A).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 104(d)(1)(A) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sub-section (b)(5)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of sub-section (b)’’. 
(2) Section 120(c)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘or (5)’’ and in-serting ‘‘(5)(D), or (6)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C)(i), by striking ‘‘and 
(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)(D), and (6)’’. 
(3) Section 135(i) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 104(b)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of section 104(b)’’. 
(4) Section 136(b) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (5) of sec-tion 104(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (6) of section 104(b)’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5937 July 27, 2015 
(5) Section 141(b)(2) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1) through (5) of section 104(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) through (6) of sec-tion 104(b)’’. 
(6) Section 505(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘through (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (5)’’. 
SEC. 11004. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION PRO-
GRAM. 
Section 133 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (10), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding emergency evacuation plans’’ after ‘‘programs’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (13), by adding a period at 
the end; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking the semi-
colon at the end and inserting ‘‘or for projects described in paragraphs (2), (4), (6), (7), (11), (20), (25), and (26) of subsection (b); and’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘55 per-cent’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘greater than 
5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘of 5,000 or more’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘50 
percent’’ and inserting ‘‘45 percent’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(ii)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(iii)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘greater than 5,000 and less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘of 5,000 to 200,000’’; 
(4) in subsection (f)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting 
‘‘104(b)(2)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘the period of fiscal years 
2011 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year’’; 
(5) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-
section (i); 
(6) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking the subsection designation 
and heading and all that follows through paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(g) B
RIDGES OFF THE NATIONAL HIGHWAY  
SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF OFF -NHS BRIDGE .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘off-NHS bridge’ means a highway bridge located on a public road, other than a bridge on the National Highway System.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) S
ET-ASIDE .—Each State shall obligate 
for replacement (including replacement with fill material), rehabilitation, preservation, and protection (including scour counter-measures, seismic retrofits, impact protec-tion measures, security countermeasures, and protection against extreme events) for off-NHS bridges an amount equal to the greater of— 
‘‘(i) 15 percent of the amount apportioned 
to the State under section 104(b)(2); and 
‘‘(ii) an amount equal to at least 110 per-
cent of the amount of funds set aside for bridges not on Federal-aid highways in the State for fiscal year 2014.’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘off- 
system’’ and inserting ‘‘off-NHS’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) S
ET-ASIDE FOR CERTAIN OFF -NHS 
BRIDGES .—Each State shall obligate an 
amount equal to not less than 50 percent of the amount set aside under subparagraph (A) for off-NHS bridges located on public roads 
that are not Federal-aid highways.’’; and 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as sub-
section (h); 
(7) in subsection (h) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking the heading and inserting 
‘‘C
REDIT FOR BRIDGES NOT ON THE NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY SYSTEM .—’’; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and 
(C) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) 
(as so redesignated)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘the replacement of a bridge 
or rehabilitation of’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, and is determined by the 
Secretary upon completion to be no longer a deficient bridge’’; 
(8) in subsection (i)(1) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (5)), by striking ‘‘under subsection (d)(1)(A)(iii) for each of fiscal years 2013 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘under sub-section (d)(1)(A)(ii) for each fiscal year’’; and 
(9) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(j) B
ORDER STATES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—After consultation with 
relevant transportation planning organiza-tions, the Governor of a State that shares a land border with Canada or Mexico may des-ignate for each fiscal year not more than 5 percent of funds made available to the State under subsection (d)(1)(B) for border infra-structure projects eligible under section 1303 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 101 note; Public Law 109–59). 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Funds designated 
under this subsection shall be available under the requirements of section 1303 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 101 note; Public Law 109–59). 
‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATION .—Before making a des-
ignation under paragraph (1), the Governor shall certify that the designation is con-sistent with transportation planning require-ments under this title. 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after making a designation under paragraph (1), the Governor shall submit to the rel-evant transportation planning organizations within the border region a written notifica-tion of any suballocated or distributed amount of funds available for obligation by jurisdiction. 
‘‘(5) L
IMITATION .—This subsection applies 
only to funds apportioned to a State after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(6) D
EADLINE FOR DESIGNATION .—A des-
ignation under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) be submitted to the Secretary not 
later than 30 days before the beginning of the fiscal year for which the designation is being made; and 
‘‘(B) remain in effect for the funds des-
ignated under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year until the Governor of the State notifies the Secretary of the termination of the designa-tion. 
‘‘(7) U
NOBLIGATED FUNDS AFTER TERMI -
NATION .—On the date of a termination under 
paragraph (6)(B), all remaining unobligated funds that were designated under paragraph (1) for the fiscal year for which the designa-tion is being terminated shall be made avail-able to the State for the purposes described in subsection (d)(1)(B).’’. 
SEC. 11005. METROPOLITAN TRANSPORTATION 
PLANNING. 
Section 134 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘resil-
ient’’ before ‘‘surface transportation sys-tems’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘and bi-
cycle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, inter-modal facilities that support intercity trans-portation, including intercity buses and intercity bus facilities, and commuter van-
pool providers’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) 
through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), re-spectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Designation or selection 
of officials or representatives under para-graph (2) shall be determined by the metro-politan planning organization according to the bylaws or enabling statute of the organi-zation. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION REPRESENTA -
TIVE.—Subject to the bylaws or enabling 
statute of the metropolitan planning organi-zation, a representative of a provider of pub-lic transportation may also serve as a rep-resentative of a local municipality. 
‘‘(C) P
OWERS OF CERTAIN OFFICIALS .—An of-
ficial described in paragraph (2)(B) shall have responsibilities, actions, duties, voting rights, and any other authority commensu-rate with other officials described in para-graph (2)(B).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5) (as redesignated by 
subparagraph (A)), by striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (6)’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)(4)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(6)’’; 
(5) in subsection (g)(3)(A), by inserting 
‘‘natural disaster risk reduction,’’ after ‘‘en-vironmental protection,’’; 
(6) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability 
of the transportation system.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘and in 
section 5301(c) of title 49’’ and inserting ‘‘and the general purposes described in section 5301 of title 49’’; 
(7) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking 
‘‘transit’’ and inserting ‘‘public transpor-tation facilities, intercity bus facilities’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (G)— (I) by striking ‘‘and provide’’ and inserting 
‘‘, provide’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, and reduce vulner-
ability due to natural disasters of the exist-ing transportation infrastructure’’ before the period at the end; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (H), by inserting ‘‘, in-
cluding consideration of the role that inter-city buses may play in reducing congestion, pollution, and energy consumption in a cost- effective manner and strategies and invest-ments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are pri-vately owned and operated’’ before the pe-riod at the end; 
(B) in paragraph (6)(A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers,’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus 
operators and commuter vanpool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘(2)(C)’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(2)(E)’’; 
(8) in subsection (j)(5)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (k)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)(3)’’; 
(9) in subsection (k)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(10) in subsection ( l)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5938 July 27, 2015 
(A) in paragraph (1), by adding a period at 
the end; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D), by striking ‘‘of less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a popu-lation of 200,000 or less’’; 
(11) by striking subsection (n); (12) by redesignating subsections (o) 
through (q) as subsections (n) through (p), respectively; 
(13) in subsection (o) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘set aside under section 104(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘apportioned under paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of section 104(b)’’ ; and 
(14) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(q) T
REATMENT OF LAKETAHOE REGION .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF LAKE TAHOE REGION .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘Lake Tahoe Re-gion’ has the meaning given the term ‘re-gion’ in subsection (a) of Article II of the Lake Tahoe Regional Planning Compact (Public Law 96–551; 94 Stat. 3234). 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—For the purpose of this 
title, the Lake Tahoe Region shall be treated as— 
‘‘(A) a metropolitan planning organization; ‘‘(B) a transportation management area 
under subsection (k); and 
‘‘(C) an urbanized area, which is comprised 
of a population of 145,000 in the State of Cali-fornia and a population of 65,000 in the State of Nevada. 
‘‘(3) S
UBALLOCATED FUNDING .— 
‘‘(A) S ECTION 133 .—When determining the 
amount under subparagraph (A) of section 133(d)(1) that shall be obligated for a fiscal year in the States of California and Nevada under clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of that sub-paragraph, the Secretary shall, for each of those States— 
‘‘(i) calculate the population under each of 
those clauses; 
‘‘(ii) decrease the amount under section 
133(d)(1)(A)(iii) by the population specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection for the Lake Tahoe Region in that State; and 
‘‘(iii) increase the amount under section 
133(d)(1)(A)(i) by the population specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection for the Lake Tahoe Region in that State. 
‘‘(B) S
ECTION 213 .—When determining the 
amount under paragraph (1) of section 213(c) that shall be obligated for a fiscal year in the States of California and Nevada under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of that para-graph, the Secretary shall, for each of those States— 
‘‘(i) calculate the population under each of 
those subparagraphs; 
‘‘(ii) decrease the amount under section 
213(c)(1)(C) by the population specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection for the Lake Tahoe Region in that State; and 
‘‘(iii) increase the amount under section 
213(c)(1)(A) by the population specified in paragraph (2) of this subsection for the Lake Tahoe Region in that State.’’. 
SEC. 11006. STATEWIDE AND NONMETROPOLITAN 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 135 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘and bi-
cycle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, inter-modal facilities that support intercity trans-portation, including intercity buses and intercity bus facilities, and commuter van-pool providers’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability 
of the transportation system.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘and in 
section 5301(c) of title 49’’ and inserting ‘‘and the general purposes described in section 5301 
of title 49’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; 
(4) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘(including 
intercity bus operators and commuter van-pool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; 
(C) in paragraph (7), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘should’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pol-lution, and energy consumption in a cost-ef-fective manner and strategies and invest-ments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are pri-vately owned and operated’’ before the pe-riod at the end; 
(5) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus 
operators),’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (m)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (j); and (7) by redesignating subsections (k) 
through (m) as subsections (j) through (l), re-spectively. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
134(b)(5) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 135(m)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 135(l)’’. 
SEC. 11007. HIGHWAY USE TAX EVASION 
PROJECTS. 
Section 143(b) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2)(A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—From administrative 
funds made available under section 104(a), the Secretary shall deduct such sums as are necessary, not to exceed $4,000,000 for each fiscal year, to carry out this section.’’. 
SEC. 11008. BUNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS. 
Section 144 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘the 
natural condition of the bridge’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the natural condition of the water’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (j) as sub-
section (k); 
(3) by inserting after subsection (i) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(j) B
UNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this sub-
section is to save costs and time by encour-aging States to bundle multiple bridge projects as 1 project. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity eligible to carry out a bridge project under section 119 or 133. 
‘‘(3) B
UNDLING OF BRIDGE PROJECTS .—An eli-
gible entity may bundle 2 or more similar bridge projects that are— 
‘‘(A) eligible projects under section 119 or 
133; 
‘‘(B) included as a bundled project in a 
transportation improvement program under section 134(j) or a statewide transportation improvement program under section 135, as applicable; and 
‘‘(C) awarded to a single contractor or con-
sultant pursuant to a contract for engineer-ing and design or construction between the contractor and an eligible entity. ‘‘(4) I
TEMIZATION .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law (including regula-tions), an eligible bridge project included in a bundle under this subsection may be listed as— 
‘‘(A) 1 project for purposes of sections 134 
and 135; and 
‘‘(B) a single project within the applicable 
bundle. 
‘‘(5) F
INANCIAL CHARACTERISTICS .—Projects 
bundled under this subsection shall have the same financial characteristics, including— 
‘‘(A) the same funding category or sub-
category; and 
‘‘(B) the same Federal share.’’; and (4) in subsection (k)(2) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (2)), by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘104(b)(2)’’. 
SEC. 11009. FLEXIBILITY FOR CERTAIN RURAL 
ROAD AND BRIDGE PROJECTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—With respect to rural road 
and rural bridge projects eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code, subject to the provisions of this section and on request by a State, the Secretary may— 
(1) exercise all existing flexibilities under 
and exceptions to— 
(A) the requirements of title 23, United 
States Code; and 
(B) other requirements administered by 
the Secretary, in whole or part; and 
(2) otherwise provide additional flexibility 
or expedited processing with respect to the requirements described in paragraph (1). 
(b) T
YPES OF PROJECTS .—A rural road or 
rural bridge project under this section shall— 
(1) be located in a county that, based on 
the most recent decennial census— 
(A) has a population density of 80 or fewer 
persons per square mile of land area; or 
(B) is the county that has the lowest popu-
lation density of all counties in the State; 
(2) be located within the operational right- 
of-way (as defined in section 1316(b) of MAP– 21 (23 U.S.C. 109 note; 126 Stat. 549)) of an ex-isting road or bridge; and 
(3)(A) receive less than $5,000,000 of Federal 
funds; or 
(B) have a total estimated cost of not more 
than $30,000,000 and Federal funds comprising less than 15 percent of the total estimated project cost. 
(c) P
ROCESS TO ASSIST RURAL PROJECTS .— 
(1) A SSISTANCE WITH FEDERAL REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—For projects under this 
section, the Secretary shall seek to provide, to the maximum extent practicable, regu-latory relief and flexibility consistent with this section. 
(B) E
XCEPTIONS , EXEMPTIONS , AND ADDI -
TIONAL FLEXIBILITY .—Exceptions, exemp-
tions, and additional flexibility from regu-latory requirements may be granted if, in the opinion of the Secretary— 
(i) the project is not expected to have a sig-
nificant adverse impact on the environment; 
(ii) the project is not expected to have an 
adverse impact on safety; and 
(iii) the assistance would be in the public 
interest for 1 or more reasons, including— 
(I) reduced project costs; (II) expedited construction, particularly in 
an area where the construction season is rel-atively short and not granting the waiver or additional flexibility could delay the project to a later construction season; or 
(III) improved safety. (2) M
AINTAINING PROTECTIONS .—Nothing in 
this subsection— 
(A) waives the requirements of section 113 
or 138 of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) supersedes, amends, or modifies— (i) the National Environmental Policy Act 
of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or any other Federal environmental law; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5939 July 27, 2015 
(ii) any requirement of title 23, United 
States Code; or 
(C) affects the responsibility of any Fed-
eral officer to comply with or enforce any law or requirement described in this para-graph. 
SEC. 11010. CONSTRUCTION OF FERRY BOATS 
AND FERRY TERMINAL FACILITIES. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION OF FERRY BOATS AND  
FERRY TERMINAL FACILITIES .—Section 147 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘I NGEN-
ERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ROGRAM ’’; 
(2) by striking subsections (d) through (g) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(d) F ORMULA .—Of the amounts allocated 
under subsection (c)— 
‘‘(1) 35 percent shall be allocated among el-
igible entities in the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the number of ferry passengers, in-
cluding passengers in vehicles, carried by each ferry system in the most recent cal-endar year for which data is available; bears to 
‘‘(B) the number of ferry passengers, in-
cluding passengers in vehicles, carried by all ferry systems in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; 
‘‘(2) 35 percent shall be allocated among el-
igible entities in the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the number of vehicles carried by 
each ferry system in the most recent cal-endar year for which data is available; bears to 
‘‘(B) the number of vehicles carried by all 
ferry systems in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; and 
‘‘(3) 30 percent shall be allocated among el-
igible entities in the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the total route nautical miles serv-
iced by each ferry system in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; bears to 
‘‘(B) the total route nautical miles serviced 
by all ferry systems in the most recent cal-endar year for which data is available. 
‘‘(e) R
EDISTRIBUTION OF UNOBLIGATED  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) withdraw amounts allocated to an eli-
gible entity under subsection (c) that remain unobligated by the end of the third fiscal year following the fiscal year for which the amounts were allocated; and 
‘‘(2) in the subsequent fiscal year, redis-
tribute the funds referred to in paragraph (1) in accordance with the formula under sub-section (d) among eligible entities for which no amounts were withdrawn under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(f) M
INIMUM AMOUNT .—Notwithstanding 
subsection (c), a State with an eligible entity that meets the requirements of this section shall receive not less than $100,000 under this section for a fiscal year. 
‘‘(g) I
MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) D ATA COLLECTION .— 
‘‘(A) N ATIONAL FERRY DATABASE .—Amounts 
made available for a fiscal year under this section shall be allocated using the most re-cent data available, as collected and imputed in accordance with the national ferry data-base established under section 1801(e) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note; 119 Stat. 1456). 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBILITY FOR FUNDING .—To be eligi-
ble to receive funds under subsection (c), data shall have been submitted in the most recent collection of data for the national ferry database under section 1801(e) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note; 119 Stat. 1456) for at least 1 ferry service within the State. 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENTS .—On review of the data 
submitted under paragraph (1)(B), the Sec-retary may make adjustments to the data as the Secretary determines necessary to cor-rect misreported or inconsistent data. ‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) to carry out this sec-tion $80,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(i) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Notwith-
standing section 118(b), funds made available to carry out this section shall remain avail-able until expended. 
‘‘(j) A
PPLICABILITY .—All provisions of this 
chapter that are applicable to the National Highway System, other than provisions re-lating to apportionment formula and Federal share, shall apply to funds made available to carry out this section, except as determined by the Secretary to be inconsistent with this section.’’. 
(b) N
ATIONAL FERRY DATABASE .—Section 
1801(e)(4) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 129 note; 119 Stat. 1456) is amended by striking subparagraph (D) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(D) make available, from the amounts 
made available for each fiscal year to carry out chapter 63 of title 49, not more than $500,000 to maintain the database.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
129(c) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), in the first sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘, or on a public transit ferry el-igible under chapter 53 of title 49’’ after ‘‘Interstate System’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘(3) Such ferry’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(3)(A) The ferry’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) Any Federal participation shall not 
involve the construction or purchase, for pri-vate ownership, of a ferry boat, ferry ter-minal facility, or other eligible project under this section.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and re-
pair,’’ and inserting ‘‘repair,’’; and 
(4) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(6) The ferry service shall be maintained 
in accordance with section 116. 
‘‘(7)(A) No ferry boat or ferry terminal 
with Federal participation under this title may be sold, leased, or otherwise disposed of, except in accordance with part 18 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on December 18, 2014). 
‘‘(B) The Federal share of any proceeds 
from a disposition referred to in subpara-graph (A) shall be used for eligible purposes under this title.’’. 
SEC. 11011. HIGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT 
PROGRAM. 
Section 148 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘includes, but is not limited to,’’ and inserting ‘‘only includes’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxv) Installation of vehicle-to-infrastruc-
ture communication equipment. 
‘‘(xxvi) Pedestrian hybrid beacons. ‘‘(xxvii) Roadway improvements that pro-
vide separation between pedestrians and motor vehicles, including medians and pedes-trian crossing islands. 
‘‘(xxviii) An infrastructure safety project 
not described in clauses (i) through (xxvii).’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (10) and redesig-
nating paragraphs (11) through (13) as para-graphs (10) through (12), respectively; 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(12)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(11)’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)(2)(B)(i), by striking 
‘‘subsection (a)(12)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a)(11)’’; and (4) in subsection (g)(1)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘increases’’ and inserting 
‘‘does not decrease’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘and exceeds the national 
fatality rate on rural roads,’’ after ‘‘avail-able,’’. 
SEC. 11012. DATA COLLECTION ON UNPAVED PUB-
LIC ROADS. 
Section 148 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(k) D
ATACOLLECTION ON UNPAVED PUBLIC  
ROADS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State may elect not to 
collect fundamental data elements for the model inventory of roadway elements on public roads that are gravel roads or other-wise unpaved if— 
‘‘(A)(i) more than 45 percent of the public 
roads in the State are gravel roads or other-wise unpaved; and 
‘‘(ii) less than 10 percent of fatalities in the 
State occur on those unpaved public roads; or 
‘‘(B)(i) more than 70 percent of the public 
roads in the State are gravel roads or other-wise unpaved; and 
‘‘(ii) less than 25 percent of fatalities in the 
State occur on those unpaved public roads. 
‘‘(2) C
ALCULATION .—The percentages de-
scribed in paragraph (1) shall be based on the average for the 5 most recent years for which relevant data is available. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—If a State elects not to 
collect data on a road described in paragraph (1), the State shall not use funds provided to carry out this section for a project on that road until the State completes a collection of the required model inventory of roadway 
elements for the road.’’. 
SEC. 11013. CONGESTION MITIGATION AND AIR 
QUALITY IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 149 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)(i)(I), by inserting 
‘‘in the designated nonattainment area’’ after ‘‘air quality standard’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or main-
tenance’’ after ‘‘likely to contribute to the attainment’’; 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘attain-
ment of’’ and inserting ‘‘attainment or main-tenance of the area of’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (8)(A)(ii)— (i) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by 
inserting ‘‘or port-related freight oper-ations’’ after ‘‘construction projects’’; and 
(ii) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘or chap-
ter 53 of title 49’’ after ‘‘this title’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting ‘‘(giv-
ing priority to corridors designated under section 151)’’ after ‘‘at any location in the State’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘would otherwise be eligible under subsection (b) if the project were carried out in a nonattainment or maintenance area or’’ after ‘‘may use for any project that’’; and 
(II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘(excluding 
the amount of funds reserved under para-graph (1))’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking 
‘‘MAP–21t’’ and inserting ‘‘MAP–21’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, in a 
manner consistent with the approach that was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary shall modify’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘not 
later that’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘States and metropolitan’’ 
and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5940 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—States and metropoli-
tan’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘are proven to reduce’’ and 
inserting ‘‘reduce directly emitted’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) U
SE OF PRIORITY FUNDING .—To the 
maximum extent practicable, PM2.5 priority funding shall be used on the most cost-effec-tive projects and programs that are proven to reduce directly emitted fine particulate matter.’’; 
(5) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘that has a nonattainment 
or maintenance area’’ and inserting ‘‘that has 1 or more nonattainment or maintenance areas’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘a nonattainment or main-
tenance area that are’’ and inserting ‘‘the nonattainment or maintenance areas that are’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘such area’’ both places it 
appears and inserting ‘‘such areas’’; and 
(iv) by striking ‘‘such fine particulate’’ and 
inserting ‘‘directly-emitted fine particu-late’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘highway 
construction’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation construction’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) P
M2.5 NONATTAINMENT AND MAINTE -
NANCE IN LOW POPULATION DENSITY STATES .— 
‘‘(A) E XCEPTION .—In any State with a pop-
ulation density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile of land area, based on the most recent decennial census, the requirements under subsection (g)(3) and paragraphs (1) and (2) of this subsection shall not apply to a nonattainment or maintenance area in the State if— 
‘‘(i) the nonattainment or maintenance 
area does not have projects that are part of the emissions analysis of a metropolitan transportation plan or transportation im-provement program; and 
‘‘(ii) regional motor vehicle emissions are 
an insignificant contributor to the air qual-ity problem for PM2.5 in the nonattainment or maintenance area. 
‘‘(B) C
ALCULATION .—If subparagraph (A) ap-
plies to a nonattainment or maintenance area in a State, the percentage of the PM2.5 set-aside under paragraph (1) shall be re-duced for that State proportionately based on the weighted population of the area in fine particulate matter nonattainment. 
‘‘(4) P
ORT-RELATED EQUIPMENT AND VEHI -
CLES.—To meet the requirements under para-
graph (1), a State or metropolitan planning organization may elect to obligate funds to the most cost-effective projects to reduce emissions from port-related landside nonroad or on-road equipment that is oper-ated within the boundaries of a PM2.5 non-attainment or maintenance area.’’; 
(6) in subsection ( l)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘air 
quality and traffic congestion’’ before ‘‘per-formance targets’’; and 
(7) in subsection (m), by striking ‘‘section 
104(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 104(b)(4)’’. 
SEC. 11014. TRANSPORTATION ALTERNATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 213 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—On October 1 of each fis-
cal year, the Secretary shall set aside from the amount determined for a State under section 104(c) an amount determined for the State under paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) T
OTAL AMOUNT .—The total amount set 
aside for the program under this section shall be $850,000,000 for each fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE SHARE .—The Secretary shall 
distribute among the States the total set- aside amount under paragraph (2) so that each State receives an amount equal to the 
proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the amount apportioned to the State 
for the transportation enhancements pro-gram for fiscal year 2009 under section 133(d)(2), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 405); bears to 
‘‘(B) the total amount of funds apportioned 
to all States for that fiscal year for the transportation enhancements program for fiscal year 2009.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘Of the funds’’ and all that follows through ‘‘shall be obligated under this section’’ in subparagraph (A) and insert-ing ‘‘Funds reserved in a State under this section shall be obligated’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (B); (iii) by redesignating clauses (i) through 
(iii) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), re-spectively; 
(iv) in subparagraph (B) (as so redesig-
nated), by striking ‘‘greater than 5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘of 5,000 or more’’; and 
(v) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesig-
nated), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in para-
graph (1)(B), the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(i)’’ both 
places it appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’; 
(D) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause 
(viii); and 
(iii) by inserting after clause (vi) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(vii) a nonprofit entity responsible for the 
administration of local transportation safety programs; and’’; and 
(E) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘For funds reserved’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For funds reserved’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)(i)’’ and 
inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) N
O RESTRICTION ON SUBALLOCATION .— 
Nothing in this section prevents a metropoli-tan planning organization from further sub-allocating funds within the boundaries of the metropolitan planning area if a competitive process is implemented for the award of the suballocated funds.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State or metropoli-
tan planning organization responsible for carrying out the requirements of this section shall submit to the Secretary an annual re-port that describes— 
‘‘(A) the number of project applications re-
ceived for each fiscal year, including— 
‘‘(i) the aggregate cost of the projects for 
which applications are received; and 
‘‘(ii) the types of project to be carried out 
(as described in subsection (b)), expressed as percentages of the total apportionment of the State under subsection (a); and 
‘‘(B) the number of projects selected for 
funding for each fiscal year, including the aggregate cost and location of projects se-lected. 
‘‘(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary 
shall make available to the public, in a user- friendly format on the website of the Depart-ment, a copy of each annual report sub-mitted under paragraph (1). ‘‘(i) E
XPEDITING INFRASTRUCTURE  
PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall develop regula-tions or guidance relating to the implemen-tation of this section that encourages the use of the programmatic approaches to envi-ronmental reviews, expedited procurement techniques, and other best practices to fa-cilitate productive and timely expenditure for projects that are small, low-impact, and constructed within an existing built environ-ment. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE PROCESSES .—The Secretary 
shall work with State departments of trans-portation to ensure that any regulation or guidance developed under paragraph (1) is consistently implemented by States and the Federal Highway Administration to avoid unnecessary delays in implementing projects and to ensure the effective use of Federal dollars.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
126(b) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘
SET-ASIDES .—’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘Funds that’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘
SET-ASIDES .—Funds that’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘sections 104(d) and 133(d)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘sections 104(d), 133(d), and 213(c)’’; and 
(3) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 11015. CONSOLIDATION OF PROGRAMS. 
Section 1519(a) of MAP–21 (Public Law 112– 
141; 126 Stat. 574) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2013 and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2013 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 11016. STATE FLEXIBILITY FOR NATIONAL 
HIGHWAY SYSTEM MODIFICATIONS. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM FLEXI-
BILITY .—Not later than 90 days after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue guidance relating to working with State departments of transportation that re-quest assistance from the division offices of the Federal Highway Administration— 
(1) to review roads classified as principal 
arterials in the State that were added to the National Highway System as of October 1, 2012, so as to comply with section 103 of title 23, United States Code; and 
(2) to identify any necessary functional 
classification changes to rural and urban principal arterials. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall direct the division offices of the Federal Highway Administration to work 
with the applicable State department of transportation that requests assistance under this section— 
(1) to assist in the review of roads in ac-
cordance with guidance issued under sub-section (a); 
(2) to expeditiously review and facilitate 
requests from States to reclassify roads clas-sified as principal arterials; and 
(3) in the case of a State that requests the 
withdrawal of reclassified roads from the Na-tional Highway System under section 103(b)(3) of title 23, United States Code, to carry out that withdrawal if the inclusion of the reclassified road in the National High-way System is not consistent with the needs and priorities of the community or region in which the reclassified road is located. 
(c) N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM MODIFICA -
TION REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) review the National Highway System 
modification process described in appendix D of part 470 of title 23, Code of Federal Regu-lations (or successor regulations); and 
(2) take any action necessary to ensure 
that a State may submit to the Secretary a request to modify the National Highway Sys-tem by withdrawing a road from the Na-tional Highway System. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5941 July 27, 2015 
(d) R EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a report that includes a description of— 
(1) each request for reclassification of Na-
tional Highway System roads; 
(2) the status of each request; and (3) if applicable, the justification for the 
denial by the Secretary of a request. 
(e) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE NATIONAL HIGH-
WAY SYSTEM .—Section 103(b)(3)(A) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘, including any modifica-
tion consisting of a connector to a major intermodal terminal,’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, including any modifica-
tion consisting of a connector to a major intermodal terminal or the withdrawal of a road from that system,’’ after ‘‘the National Highway System’’; and 
(2) in clause (ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘(ii) enhances’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘(ii)(I) enhances’’; 
(B) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) in the case of the withdrawal of a 
road, is reasonable and appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 11017. TOLL ROADS, BRIDGES, TUNNELS, 
AND FERRIES. 
Section 129(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘(other than a highway on 
the Interstate System)’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘non-HOV’’ after ‘‘toll- 
free’’ each place it appears; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C); and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) 
through (I) as subparagraphs (C) through (H), respectively; 
(2) by striking paragraph (4) and paragraph 
(6); 
(3) by redesignating paragraphs (5), (7), (8), 
(9), and (10) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), and (9), respectively; 
(4) in paragraph (4)(B) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘the Federal-aid system’’ and in-serting ‘‘Federal-aid highways’’; and 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (7) (as so 
redesignated) the following: 
‘‘(8) E
QUAL ACCESS FOR MOTORCOACHES .—A 
private motorcoach that serves the public shall be provided access to a toll facility under the same rates, terms, and conditions as public transportation buses in the State.’’. 
SEC. 11018. HOV FACILITIES. 
Section 166 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(4) H
IGH OCCUPANCY TOLL VEHICLES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The State agency may 
allow vehicles not otherwise exempt under this subsection to use the HOV facility if the operators of the vehicles pay a toll charged by the agency for use of the facility and the agency— 
‘‘(i) establishes a program that addresses 
how motorists can enroll and participate in the toll program; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a high occupancy vehi-
cle facility that affects a metropolitan area, submits to the Secretary a written state-ment that the metropolitan planning organi-zation designated under section 134 for the area has been consulted concerning the placement and amount of tolls on the con-verted facility; ‘‘(iii) develops, manages, and maintains a 
system that will automatically collect the toll; and 
‘‘(iv) establishes policies and procedures— ‘‘(I) to manage the demand to use the facil-
ity by varying the toll amount that is charged; 
‘‘(II) to enforce violations of the use of the 
facility; and 
‘‘(III) to ensure that private motorcoaches 
that serve the public are provided access to the facility under the same rates, terms, and conditions, as public transportation buses in the State. 
‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION FROM TOLLS .—In levying a 
toll on a facility under subparagraph (A), a State agency may— 
‘‘(i) designate classes of vehicles that are 
exempt from the toll; and 
‘‘(ii) charge different toll rates for dif-
ferent classes of vehicles.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (5), by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
NHERENTLY LOW EMISSION VEHICLE .—If 
a State agency establishes procedures for en-forcing the restrictions on the use of a HOV facility by vehicles described in clauses (i) and (ii), the State agency may allow the use of the HOV facility by— 
‘‘(i) alternative fuel vehicles; and ‘‘(ii) any motor vehicle described in section 
30D(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Tolls’’ and inserting ‘‘Not-
withstanding section 301, tolls’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘notwithstanding section 
301 and, except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; 
(B) by striking paragraph (2); and (C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(3) in subsection (d)(1), by striking sub-
paragraphs (D) and (E) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(D) M
AINTENANCE OF OPERATING PERFORM -
ANCE .— 
‘‘(i) S UBMISSION OF PLAN .—Not later than 
180 days after the date on which a facility is degraded under paragraph (2), the State agency with jurisdiction over the facility shall submit to the Secretary for approval a plan that details the actions the State agen-cy will take to bring the facility into com-pliance with the minimum average operating speed performance standard through changes to operation of the facility, including— 
‘‘(I) increasing the occupancy requirement 
for HOV lanes; 
‘‘(II) varying the toll charged to vehicles 
allowed under subsection (b) to reduce de-mand; 
‘‘(III) discontinuing allowing non-HOV ve-
hicles to use HOV lanes under subsection (b); or 
‘‘(IV) increasing the available capacity of 
the HOV facility. 
‘‘(ii) N
OTICE OF APPROVAL OR DIS -
APPROVAL .—Not later than 60 days after the 
date of receipt of a plan under clause (i), the Secretary shall provide to the State agency a written notice indicating whether the Sec-retary has approved or disapproved the plan based on a determination of whether the im-plementation of the plan will bring the HOV facility into compliance. 
‘‘(iii) B
IANNUAL PROGRESS UPDATES .—Until 
the date on which the Secretary determines that the State agency has brought the HOV facility into compliance with this sub-section, the State agency shall submit bian-nual updates that describe— 
‘‘(I) the actions taken to bring the HOV fa-
cility into compliance; and 
‘‘(II) the progress made by those actions. ‘‘(E) C
OMPLIANCE .—The Secretary shall 
subject the State to appropriate program sanctions under section 1.36 of title 23, Code 
of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions), until the performance is no longer de-graded, if— 
‘‘(i) the State agency fails to submit an ap-
proved action plan under subparagraph (D) to bring a degraded facility into compliance; or 
‘‘(ii) after the State submits and the Sec-
retary approves an action plan under sub-paragraph (D), the Secretary determines that, on a date that is not earlier than 1 year after the approval of the action plan, the State agency is not making significant progress toward bringing the HOV facility into compliance with the minimum average operating speed performance standard.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (f)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘sole-ly’’ before ‘‘operating’’. 
SEC. 11019. INTERSTATE SYSTEM RECONSTRUC-
TION AND REHABILITATION PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 1216(b) of the Transportation Eq-
uity Act for the 21st Century (Public Law 105–178; 112 Stat. 212) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the 
age, condition, and intensity of use of the fa-cility’’ and inserting ‘‘an analysis dem-onstrating that the facility has a significant age, condition, or intensity of use to require expedited reconstruction or rehabilitation’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (D)(iii), by inserting ‘‘, 
and that demonstrates the capability of that agency to perform or oversee the building, operation, and maintenance of a toll express-way system meeting criteria for the Inter-state System’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) An analysis showing how the State 
plan for implementing tolls on the facility takes into account the interests and use of local, regional, and interstate travelers. 
‘‘(F) An explanation of how the State will 
collect tolls using electronic toll collection, including at highway speeds, if practicable. 
‘‘(G) A plan describing the proposed loca-
tion for the collection of tolls on the facility, including any locations in proximity to a State border. 
‘‘(H) Approved documentation that the 
project— 
‘‘(i) has received a categorical exclusion, a 
finding of no significant impact, or a record of decision under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
‘‘(ii) complies with the Uniform Relocation 
Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.).’’; 
(2) by striking paragraphs (4) and (6); (3) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-
graph (4); 
(4) in paragraph (4)(as so redesignated)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘Before the Secretary may permit’’ and inserting ‘‘As a condition of per-mitting’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘for—’’ and inserting ‘‘for permis-sible uses described in section 129(a)(3) of title 23, United States Code; and’’; and 
(ii) by striking clauses (i) through (iii); (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) (as so 
redesignated) the following: 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION PROCESSING PROCEDURE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after receipt of an application under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide to the applicant a written notice informing the applicant whether— 
‘‘(i) the application is complete and meets 
all requirements under this subsection; or 
‘‘(ii) additional information or materials 
are needed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5942 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(I) to complete the application; or 
‘‘(II) to meet the eligibility requirements 
under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(B) A DDITIONAL INFORMATION OR MATE -
RIALS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after receipt of an application, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) identify any additional information or 
materials that are needed under subpara-graph (A)(ii); and 
‘‘(II) provide to the applicant written no-
tice specifying the details of the additional required information or materials. 
‘‘(ii) A
MENDED APPLICATION .—Not later 
than 60 days after receipt of the additional information under clause (i), the Secretary shall determine if the amended application is complete and meets all requirements under this subsection. 
‘‘(C) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—On the re-
quest of a State, the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to facilitate the devel-opment of a complete application under this paragraph that is likely to satisfy the eligi-bility criteria under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(D) A
PPROVAL OF APPLICATION .—On writ-
ten notice by the Secretary that the applica-tion is complete and meets all requirements of this subsection, the project is considered approved and shall be permitted to partici-pate in the program under this subsection. 
‘‘(E) L
IMITATION ON APPROVED APPLICA -
TION.— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For an application re-
ceived under this subsection on or after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of a facility, a State shall— 
‘‘(I) not later than 1 year after the date on 
which the application is approved, issue a so-licitation for a contract to provide for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of the facil-ity; and 
‘‘(II) not later than 2 years after the date 
on which the application is approved, exe-cute a contract for the reconstruction or re-habilitation of the facility. 
‘‘(ii) P
RIOR APPLICATIONS .—For an applica-
tion that received a conditional provisional approval under this subsection before the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of a facility, a State shall— 
‘‘(I) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of the DRIVE Act, issue a solici-tation for a contract to provide for the re-construction or rehabilitation of the facility; and 
‘‘(II) not later than 2 years after the date 
of enactment of the DRIVE Act, execute a 
contract for the reconstruction or rehabilita-tion of the facility. 
‘‘(iii) C
ANCELLATION OR EXTENSION .—If an 
applicable deadline under clause (i) or (ii) is not met, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) cancel the application approval; or ‘‘(II) grant an extension of not more than 1 
year for the applicable deadline, on the con-dition that— 
‘‘(aa) there has been demonstrable progress 
toward meeting the applicable requirements; and 
‘‘(bb) the requirements are likely to be met 
within 1 year. 
‘‘(6) L
IMITATION ON THE USE OF NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PROGRAM FUNDS .— 
During the term of the pilot program, funds apportioned for the national highway per-formance program under section 104(b)(1) of title 23, United States Code, may not be used for a facility for which tolls are being col-lected under the pilot program unless the funds are used for a maintenance purpose, as defined in section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code.’’; 
(6) by redesignating paragraphs (7) and (8) 
as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively; (7) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(7) W
ITHDRAWAL .—A State may elect to 
withdraw participation of the State in the pilot program at any time.’’; and 
(8) in paragraph (8) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (6)), by inserting ‘‘after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act’’ after ‘‘10 years’’. 
SEC. 11020. EMERGENCY RELIEF FOR FEDERALLY 
OWNED ROADS. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY .—Section 125(d)(3) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) projects eligible for assistance under 
this section located on tribal transportation facilities, Federal lands transportation fa-cilities, or other federally owned roads that are open to public travel (as defined in sub-section (e)(1)).’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—Section 125(e) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) O PEN TO PUBLIC TRAVEL .—The term 
‘open to public travel’ means, with respect to a road, that, except during scheduled peri-ods, extreme weather conditions, or emer-gencies, the road— 
‘‘(i) is maintained; ‘‘(ii) is open to the general public; and ‘‘(iii) can accommodate travel by a stand-
ard passenger vehicle, without restrictive gates or prohibitive signs or regulations, other than for general traffic control or re-strictions based on size, weight, or class of registration. 
‘‘(B) S
TANDARD PASSENGER VEHICLE .—The 
term ‘standard passenger vehicle’ means a vehicle with 6 inches of clearance from the lowest point of the frame, body, suspension, or differential to the ground.’’. 
SEC. 11021. BRIDGES REQUIRING CLOSURE OR 
LOAD RESTRICTIONS. 
Section 144(h) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) 
as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) B RIDGES REQUIRING CLOSURE OR LOAD  
RESTRICTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) B RIDGES OWNED BY FEDERAL AGENCIES  
OR TRIBAL GOVERNMENTS .—If a Federal agen-
cy or tribal government fails to ensure that any highway bridge that is open to public travel and located in the jurisdiction of the Federal agency or tribal government is prop-erly closed or restricted to loads that the bridge can carry safely, the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) shall, on learning of the need to close 
or restrict loads on the bridge, require the Federal agency or tribal government to take action necessary— 
‘‘(I) to close the bridge within 48 hours; or ‘‘(II) within 30 days, to restrict public trav-
el on the bridge to loads that the bridge can carry safely; and 
‘‘(ii) may, if the Federal agency or tribal 
government fails to take action required under clause (i), withhold all funding author-ized under this title for the Federal agency or tribal government.’’. 
‘‘(B) O
THER BRIDGES .—If a State fails to en-
sure that any highway bridge, other than a bridge described in subparagraph (A), that is open to public travel and is located within the boundaries of the State is properly closed or restricted to loads the bridge can carry safely, the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) shall, on learning of the need to close 
or restrict loads on the bridge, require the State to take action necessary— ‘‘(I) to close the bridge within 48 hours; or 
‘‘(II) within 30 days, to restrict public trav-
el on the bridge to loads that the bridge can carry safely; and 
‘‘(ii) may, if the State fails to take action 
required under clause (i), withhold approval for Federal-aid projects in that State.’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (8) (as redesignated by 
paragraph (1)), by striking ‘‘(6)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(7)’’. 
SEC. 11022. NATIONAL ELECTRIC VEHICLE 
CHARGING AND NATURAL GAS FUEL-ING CORRIDORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 150 the following: 
‘‘§ 151. National electric vehicle charging and 
natural gas fueling corridors 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary shall designate national electric vehicle charging and natural gas fueling corridors that identify the near- and long-term need for, and location of, electric vehicle charging infrastructure and natural gas fueling infrastructure at strategic loca-tions along major national highways to im-prove the mobility of passenger and commer-cial vehicles that employ electric and nat-ural gas fueling technologies across the United States. 
‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION OF CORRIDORS .—In desig-
nating the corridors under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) solicit nominations from State and 
local officials for facilities to be included in the corridors; 
‘‘(2) incorporate existing electric vehicle 
charging and natural gas fueling corridors designated by a State or group of States; and 
‘‘(3) consider the demand for, and location 
of, existing electric vehicle charging and natural gas fueling infrastructure. 
‘‘(c) S
TAKEHOLDERS .—In designating cor-
ridors under subsection (a), the Secretary shall involve, on a voluntary basis, stake-holders that include— 
‘‘(1) the heads of other Federal agencies; ‘‘(2) State and local officials; ‘‘(3) representatives of— ‘‘(A) energy utilities; ‘‘(B) the electric and natural gas vehicle 
industries; 
‘‘(C) the freight and shipping industry; ‘‘(D) clean technology firms; ‘‘(E) the hospitality industry; ‘‘(F) the restaurant industry; and ‘‘(G) highway rest stop vendors; and ‘‘(4) such other stakeholders as the Sec-
retary determines to be necessary. 
‘‘(d) R
EDESIGNATION .—Not later than 5 
years after the date of establishment of the corridors under subsection (a), and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall update and redesignate the corridors. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—During designation and re-
designation of the corridors under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall issue a report that— 
‘‘(1) identifies electric vehicle charging and 
natural gas fueling infrastructure and stand-ardization needs for electricity providers, natural gas providers, infrastructure pro-viders, vehicle manufacturers, electricity purchasers, and natural gas purchasers; and 
‘‘(2) establishes an aspirational goal of 
achieving strategic deployment of electric vehicle charging and natural gas fueling in-frastructure in those corridors by the end of fiscal year 2021.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
of chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 151 and inserting the following: 
‘‘151. National Electric Vehicle Charging and 
Natural Gas Fueling Cor-ridors.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5943 July 27, 2015 
SEC. 11023. ASSET MANAGEMENT. 
(a) Section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (f)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘structurally deficient’’ and inserting ‘‘being in poor condition’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘structurally deficient’’ and inserting ‘‘being in poor condition’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF CRITICAL INFRASTRUC -
TURE .—In this subsection, the term ‘critical 
infrastructure’ means those facilities the in-capacity or failure of which would have a de-bilitating impact on national or regional economic security, national or regional en-ergy security, national or regional public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. 
‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION .—The asset management 
plan of a State developed pursuant to sub-section (e) may include a designation of a critical infrastructure network of facilities from among those facilities in the State that are eligible under subsection (c). 
‘‘(3) R
ISK REDUCTION .—A State may use 
funds apportioned under this section for projects intended to reduce the risk of fail-ure of facilities designated as being on the critical infrastructure network of the State.’’. 
(b) Section 144 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘de-
ficient’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(5), by striking ‘‘each 
structurally deficient bridge’’ and inserting ‘‘each bridge in poor condition’’. 
(c) Section 202(d) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘defi-
cient’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘defi-
cient’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking the 
semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; 
and’’ at the end and inserting a period; and 
(C) by striking subparagraph (C). 
SEC. 11024. TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM 
AMENDMENT. 
Section 202 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(6), by striking ‘‘6 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)(2), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘2 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘3 percent’’. 
SEC. 11025. NATIONALLY SIGNIFICANT FEDERAL 
LANDS AND TRIBAL PROJECTS PRO-GRAM. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a nationally significant Federal lands and tribal projects program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘program’’) to provide funding to construct, reconstruct, or reha-bilitate nationally significant Federal lands and tribal transportation projects. 
(b) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), entities eligible to receive funds under sections 201, 202, 203, and 204 of title 23, United States Code, may apply for funding under the program. 
(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—A State, county, or unit 
of local government may only apply for fund-ing under the program if sponsored by an eli-gible Federal land management agency or Indian tribe. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—An eligible project 
under the program shall be a single contin-uous project— 
(1) on a Federal lands transportation facil-
ity, a Federal lands access transportation fa-cility, or a Tribal transportation facility (as those terms are defined in section 101 of title 
23, United States Code), except that such fa-cility is not required to be included on an in-ventory described in sections 202 or 203 of title 23, United States Code; 
(2) for which completion of activities re-
quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) has been demonstrated through— 
(A) a record of decision with respect to the 
project; 
(B) a finding that the project has no sig-
nificant impact; or 
(C) a determination that the project is cat-
egorically excluded; and 
(3) having an estimated cost, based on the 
results of preliminary engineering, equal to or exceeding $25,000,0000, with priority con-sideration given to projects with an esti-mated cost equal to or exceeding $50,000,000. 
(d) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
an eligible applicant receiving funds under the program may only use the funds for con-struction, reconstruction, and rehabilitation activities. 
(2) I
NELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—An eligible ap-
plicant may not use funds received under the program for activities relating to project de-sign. 
(e) A
PPLICATIONS .—Eligible applicants 
shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such form, and containing such information as the Secretary may re-quire. 
(f) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In selecting a 
project to receive funds under the program, the Secretary shall consider the extent to which the project— 
(1) furthers the goals of the Department, 
including state of good repair, environ-mental sustainability, economic competi-tiveness, quality of life, and safety; 
(2) improves the condition of critical 
multimodal transportation facilities; 
(3) needs construction, reconstruction, or 
rehabilitation; 
(4) is included in or eligible for inclusion in 
the National Register of Historic Places; 
(5) enhances environmental ecosystems; (6) uses new technologies and innovations 
that enhance the efficiency of the project; 
(7) is supported by funds, other than the 
funds received under the program, to con-struct, maintain, and operate the facility; 
(8) spans 2 or more States; and (9) serves land owned by multiple Federal 
agencies or Indian tribes. 
(g) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost of a project shall be 95 percent. 
(h) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, to remain available for a period of 3 fiscal years fol-lowing the fiscal year for which the amounts were appropriated. 
SEC. 11026. FEDERAL LANDS PROGRAMMATIC AC-
TIVITIES. 
Section 201(c) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (6)(A)— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
subclauses (I) and (II), respectively; 
(B) in the matter preceding subclause (I) 
(as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘The Secre-taries’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries’’; 
(C) by inserting a period after ‘‘tribal 
transportation program’’; and 
(D) by striking ‘‘in accordance with’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘including—’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENT .—Data collected to im-
plement the tribal transportation program shall be in accordance with the Indian Self- Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.). ‘‘(iii) I
NCLUSIONS .—Data collected under 
this paragraph includes—’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting 
the following— 
‘‘(7) C OOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND TECH -
NOLOGY DEPLOYMENT .—The Secretary may 
conduct cooperative research and technology deployment in coordination with Federal land management agencies, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
‘‘(8) F
UNDING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—To carry out the activi-
ties described in this subsection for Federal lands transportation facilities, Federal lands access transportation facilities, and other federally owned roads open to public travel (as that term is defined in section 125(e)), the Secretary shall combine and use not greater than 5 percent for each fiscal year of the funds authorized for programs under sections 203 and 204. 
‘‘(B) O
THER ACTIVITIES .—In addition to the 
activities described in subparagraph (A), funds described under that subparagraph may be used for— 
‘‘(i) bridge inspections on any federally 
owned bridge even if that bridge is not in-cluded on the inventory described under sec-tion 203; and 
‘‘(ii) transportation planning activities 
carried out by Federal land management agencies eligible for funding under this chap-ter.’’. 
SEC. 11027. FEDERAL LANDS TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM. 
Section 203 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘oper-
ation’’ and inserting ‘‘capital, operations,’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (A)(iv)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (A)(iv)(I)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in clause (v), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) the Bureau of Reclamation; and ‘‘(vii) independent Federal agencies with 
natural resource and land management re-sponsibilities.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘performance management, including’’ after ‘‘support’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)(2)(B), by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(vi) The Bureau of Reclamation.’’. 
SEC. 11028. INNOVATIVE PROJECT DELIVERY. 
Section 120(c)(3) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(ii)— (A) by inserting ‘‘engineering or design ap-
proaches,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘or contracting’’ and in-
serting ‘‘or contracting or project delivery’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by inserting 
‘‘and alternative bidding’’ before the semi-colon at the end. 
SEC. 11029. OBLIGATION AND RELEASE OF 
FUNDS. 
Section 118(c)(2) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘Any funds’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any funds’’; 
(2) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5944 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(B) S AME CLASS OF FUNDS NO LONGER AU -
THORIZED .—If the same class of funds de-
scribed in subparagraph (A)(i) is no longer authorized in the most recent authorizing law, the funds may be credited to a similar class of funds, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. 
Subtitle B—Acceleration of Project Delivery 
SEC. 11101. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR 
PROJECTS OF LIMITED FEDERAL AS-SISTANCE. 
Section 1317 of MAP-21 (23 U.S.C. 109 note; 
Public Law 112–141) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) I NFLATIONARY ADJUSTMENT .—The dol-
lar amounts described in subsection (a) shall be adjusted for inflation— 
‘‘(1) effective October 1, 2015, to reflect 
changes since July 1, 2012, in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor; and 
‘‘(2) effective October 1, 2016, and each suc-
ceeding October 1, to reflect changes for the preceding 12-month period in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’. 
SEC. 11102. PROGRAMMATIC AGREEMENT TEM-
PLATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1318 of MAP-21 (23 
U.S.C. 109 note; Public Law 112–141) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) P
ROGRAMMATIC AGREEMENT TEM-
PLATE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
velop a template programmatic agreement described in subsection (d) that provides for efficient and adequate procedures for evalu-ating Federal actions described in section 771.117(c) of title 23, Code of Federal Regula-tions (as in effect on the date of enactment of this subsection). 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF TEMPLATE .—The Secretary— 
‘‘(A) on receipt of a request from a State, 
shall use the template programmatic agree-ment developed under paragraph (1) in car-rying out this section; and 
‘‘(B) on consent of the applicable State, 
may modify the template as necessary to ad-dress the unique needs and characteristics of the State. 
‘‘(3) O
UTCOME MEASUREMENTS .—The Sec-
retary shall establish a method to verify that actions described in section 771.117(c) of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this sub-section), are evaluated and documented in a consistent manner by the State that uses the template programmatic agreement under this subsection.’’. 
(b) C
ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION DETERMINA -
TIONS .—Not later than 30 days after the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise section 771.117(g) of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations, to allow a pro-grammatic agreement under this section to include responsibility for making categorical exclusion determinations— 
(1) for actions described in subsections (c) 
and (d) of section 771.117 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations; and 
(2) that meet the criteria for a categorical 
exclusion under section 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), and are identified in the programmatic agreement. 
SEC. 11103. AGENCY COORDINATION. 
(a) R OLES AND RESPONSIBILITY OF LEAD 
AGENCY .—Section 139(c)(6) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to consider and respond to comments 
received from participating agencies on mat-ters within the special expertise or jurisdic-tion of the participating agencies.’’. 
(b) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—Section 139(d) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(8) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES .—An agency participating in the col-
laborative environmental review process under this section shall— 
‘‘(A) provide comments, responses, studies, 
or methodologies on those areas within the special expertise or jurisdiction of the Fed-eral participating or cooperating agency; and 
‘‘(B) use the process to address any envi-
ronmental issues of concern to the partici-pating or cooperating agency.’’. 
SEC. 11104. INITIATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL RE-
VIEW PROCESS. 
Section 139 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph 
(6) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(6) P ROJECT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘project’ 
means any highway project, public transpor-tation capital project, or multimodal project that, if implemented as proposed by the project sponsor, would require approval by any operating administration or secretarial office within the Department. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—For purposes of this 
paragraph, the Secretary shall take into ac-count, if known, any sources of Federal fund-ing or financing identified by the project sponsor, including discretionary grant, loan, and loan guarantee programs administered by the Department.’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(includ-
ing any additional information that the 
project sponsor considers to be important to initiate the process for the proposed project)’’ after ‘‘location of the proposed project’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATION .—Not later 
than 45 days after the date on which an ap-plication is received by the Secretary under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide to the project sponsor a written response that, as applicable— 
‘‘(A) describes the determination of the 
Secretary— 
‘‘(i) to initiate the environmental review 
process, including a timeline and an ex-pected date for the publication in the Fed-eral Register of the relevant notice of intent; or 
‘‘(ii) to decline the application, including 
an explanation of the reasons for that deci-sion; or 
‘‘(B) requests additional information, and 
provides to the project sponsor an account-ing, regarding what is necessary to initiate the environmental review process. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUEST TO DESIGNATE A LEAD AGEN -
CY.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any project sponsor 
may submit a request to the Secretary to designate a specific operating administra-tion or secretarial office within the Depart-ment of Transportation to serve as the Fed-eral lead agency for a project. 
‘‘(B) P
ROPOSED SCHEDULE .—A request under 
subparagraph (A) may include a proposed schedule for completing the environmental review process. 
‘‘(C) S
ECRETARIAL ACTION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If a request under sub-
paragraph (A) is received, the Secretary shall respond to the request not later than 45 days after the date of receipt. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The response shall— 
‘‘(I) approve the request; ‘‘(II) deny the request, with an explanation 
of the reasons; or 
‘‘(III) require the submission of additional 
information. 
‘‘(iii) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—If addi-
tional information is submitted in accord-ance with clause (ii)(III), the Secretary shall respond to that submission not later than 45 days after the date of receipt.’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f)(4), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(E) R
EDUCTION OF DUPLICATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out this 
paragraph, the lead agency shall reduce du-plication, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, between— 
‘‘(I) the evaluation of alternatives under 
the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
‘‘(II) the evaluation of alternatives in the 
metropolitan transportation planning proc-ess under section 134 of title 23, United States Code, or an environmental review process carried out under State law (referred to in this subparagraph as a ‘State environ-mental review process’). 
‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATION OF ALTERNATIVES .— 
The lead agency may eliminate from de-tailed consideration an alternative proposed in an environmental impact statement re-garding a project if, as determined by the lead agency— 
‘‘(I) the alternative was considered in a 
metropolitan planning process or a State en-vironmental review process by a metropoli-tan planning organization or a State or local transportation agency, as applicable; 
‘‘(II) the lead agency provided guidance to 
the metropolitan planning organization or State or local transportation agency, as ap-plicable, regarding analysis of alternatives in the metropolitan planning process or State environmental review process, includ-ing guidance on the requirements under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other require-ments of Federal law necessary for approval of the project; 
‘‘(III) the applicable metropolitan planning 
process or State environmental review proc-ess included an opportunity for public review and comment; 
‘‘(IV) the applicable metropolitan planning 
organization or State or local transportation agency rejected the alternative after consid-ering public comments; 
‘‘(V) the Federal lead agency independ-
ently reviewed the alternative evaluation approved by the applicable metropolitan planning organization or State or local transportation agency; and 
‘‘(VI) the Federal lead agency has deter-
mined— 
‘‘(aa) in consultation with Federal partici-
pating or cooperating agencies, that the al-ternative to be eliminated from consider-ation is not necessary for compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or 
‘‘(bb) with the concurrence of Federal 
agencies with jurisdiction over a permit or approval required for a project, that the al-ternative to be eliminated from consider-ation is not necessary for any permit or ap-proval under any other Federal law.’’. 
SEC. 11105. IMPROVING COLLABORATION FOR 
ACCELERATED DECISION MAKING. 
(a) C OORDINATION AND SCHEDULING .—Sec-
tion 139(g)(1)(B)(i) of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The lead agency’’ and in-
serting ‘‘For a project requiring an environ-mental impact statement or environmental assessment, the lead agency’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting 
‘‘shall’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5945 July 27, 2015 
(b) I SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLU -
TION.—Section 139(h) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (5) and’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (5)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (5)(A)(ii)(I), by inserting ‘‘, 
including modifications to the project sched-ule’’ after ‘‘review process’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (6)(B), by striking clause 
(ii) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) D
ESCRIPTION OF DATE .—The date re-
ferred to in clause (i) is 1 of the following: 
‘‘(I) The date that is 30 days after the date 
for rendering a decision as described in the project schedule established pursuant to sub-section (g)(1)(B). 
‘‘(II) If no schedule exists, the later of— ‘‘(aa) the date that is 180 days after the 
date on which an application for the permit, license or approval is complete; or 
‘‘(bb) the date that is 180 days after the 
date on which the Federal lead agency issues a decision on the project under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(III) A modified date consistent with sub-
section (g)(1)(D).’’. 
SEC. 11106. ACCELERATED DECISIONMAKING IN 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 139 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(n) A
CCELERATED DECISIONMAKING IN ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In preparing a final envi-
ronmental impact statement under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), if the lead agency modi-fies the statement in response to comments that are minor and are confined to factual corrections or explanations regarding why the comments do not warrant additional agency response, the lead agency may write on errata sheets attached to the statement instead of rewriting the draft statement, subject to the condition that the errata sheets shall— 
‘‘(A) cite the sources, authorities, or rea-
sons that support the position of the lead agency; and 
‘‘(B) if appropriate, indicate the cir-
cumstances that would trigger agency re-appraisal or further response. 
‘‘(2) I
NCORPORATION .—To the maximum ex-
tent practicable, the lead agency shall expe-ditiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
‘‘(A) the final environmental impact state-
ment makes substantial changes to the pro-posed action that are relevant to environ-mental or safety concerns; or 
‘‘(B) there are significant new cir-
cumstances or information that— 
‘‘(i) are relevant to environmental con-
cerns; and 
‘‘(ii) bear on the proposed action or the im-
pacts of the proposed action.’’. 
(b) R
EPEAL .—Section 1319 of MAP–21 (42 
U.S.C. 4332a) is repealed. 
SEC. 11107. IMPROVING TRANSPARENCY IN ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
Section 139 of title 23, United States Code 
(as amended by section 11106(a)), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(o) R
EVIEWS , APPROVALS , ANDPERMITTING  
PLATFORM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall establish an on-line platform and, in coordination with agen-cies described in paragraph (2), issue report-ing standards to make publicly available the status of reviews, approvals, and permits re-quired for compliance with the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or other applicable Federal laws for projects and activities requiring an environ-
mental assessment or an environmental im-pact statement. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL AGENCY PARTICIPATION .—A 
Federal agency of jurisdiction over a review, approval, or permit described in paragraph (1) shall provide status information in ac-cordance with the standards established by the Secretary under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) S
TATE RESPONSIBILITIES .—A State that 
is assigned and assumes responsibilities under section 326 or 327 shall provide applica-ble status information in accordance with standards established by the Secretary under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 11108. INTEGRATION OF PLANNING AND EN-
VIRONMENTAL REVIEW. 
Section 168 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 168. Integration of planning and environ-
mental review 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
‘‘(1) E NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW PROCESS .—The 
term ‘environmental review process’ means the process for preparing for a project an en-vironmental impact statement, environ-mental assessment, categorical exclusion, or other document prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘lead agency’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 139(a). 
‘‘(3) P
LANNING PRODUCT .—The term ‘plan-
ning product’ means a decision, analysis, study, or other documented information that is the result of an evaluation or decision-making process carried out by a metropoli-tan planning organization or a State, as ap-propriate, during metropolitan or statewide transportation planning under section 134 or 135, respectively. 
‘‘(4) P
ROJECT .—The term ‘project’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 139(a). 
‘‘(b) A DOPTION OF PLANNING PRODUCTS FOR  
USE IN NEPA P ROCEEDINGS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection 
(d), the Federal lead agency for a project may adopt and use a planning product in proceedings relating to any class of action in the environmental review process of the project. 
‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION .—If the Federal lead 
agency makes a determination to adopt and use a planning product, the Federal lead agency shall identify the agencies that par-ticipated in the development of the planning products. 
‘‘(3) P
ARTIAL ADOPTION OF PLANNING PROD -
UCTS.—The Federal lead agency may— 
‘‘(A) adopt an entire planning product 
under paragraph (1); or 
‘‘(B) select portions of a planning project 
under paragraph (1) for adoption. 
‘‘(4) T IMING .—A determination under para-
graph (1) with respect to the adoption of a planning product may— 
‘‘(A) be made at the time the lead agencies 
decide the appropriate scope of environ-mental review for the project; or 
‘‘(B) occur later in the environmental re-
view process, as appropriate. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) P LANNING DECISIONS .—The lead agency 
in the environmental review process may adopt decisions from a planning product, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) whether tolling, private financial as-
sistance, or other special financial measures are necessary to implement the project; 
‘‘(B) a decision with respect to general 
travel corridor or modal choice, including a decision to implement corridor or subarea study recommendations to advance different modal solutions as separate projects with independent utility; ‘‘(C) the purpose and the need for the pro-
posed action; 
‘‘(D) preliminary screening of alternatives 
and elimination of unreasonable alter-natives; 
‘‘(E) a basic description of the environ-
mental setting; 
‘‘(F) a decision with respect to methodolo-
gies for analysis; and 
‘‘(G) an identification of programmatic 
level mitigation for potential impacts of transportation projects, including— 
‘‘(i) measures to avoid, minimize, and miti-
gate impacts at a regional or national scale; 
‘‘(ii) investments in regional ecosystem 
and water resources; and 
‘‘(iii) a programmatic mitigation plan de-
veloped in accordance with section 169. 
‘‘(2) P
LANNING ANALYSES .—The lead agency 
in the environmental review process may adopt analyses from a planning product, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) travel demands; ‘‘(B) regional development and growth; ‘‘(C) local land use, growth management, 
and development; 
‘‘(D) population and employment; ‘‘(E) natural and built environmental con-
ditions; 
‘‘(F) environmental resources and environ-
mentally sensitive areas; 
‘‘(G) potential environmental effects, in-
cluding the identification of resources of concern and potential indirect and cumu-lative effects on those resources; and 
‘‘(H) mitigation needs for a proposed ac-
tion, or for programmatic level mitigation, for potential effects that the Federal lead agency determines are most effectively ad-dressed at a regional or national program level. 
‘‘(d) C
ONDITIONS .—The lead agency in the 
environmental review process may adopt and use a planning product under this section if the lead agency determines, with the concur-rence of other participating agencies with relevant expertise and project sponsors, as appropriate, that the following conditions have been met: 
‘‘(1) The planning product was developed 
through a planning process conducted pursu-ant to applicable Federal law. 
‘‘(2) The planning product was developed in 
consultation with appropriate Federal and State resource agencies and Indian tribes. 
‘‘(3) The planning process included broad 
multidisciplinary consideration of systems- level or corridor-wide transportation needs and potential effects, including effects on the human and natural environment. 
‘‘(4) The planning process included public 
notice that the planning products produced in the planning process may be adopted dur-ing a subsequent environmental review proc-ess in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(5) During the environmental review proc-
ess, the lead agency has— 
‘‘(A) made the planning documents avail-
able for public review and comment; 
‘‘(B) provided notice of the intention of the 
lead agency to adopt the planning product; and 
‘‘(C) considered any resulting comments. ‘‘(6) There is no significant new informa-
tion or new circumstance that has a reason-able likelihood of affecting the continued va-lidity or appropriateness of the planning product. 
‘‘(7) The planning product has a rational 
basis and is based on reliable and reasonably current data and reasonable and scientif-ically acceptable methodologies. 
‘‘(8) The planning product is documented in 
sufficient detail to support the decision or the results of the analysis and to meet re-quirements for use of the information in the environmental review process. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5946 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(9) The planning product is appropriate 
for adoption and use in the environmental review process for the project and is incor-porated in accordance with the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 
et seq.) and section 1502.21 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act). 
‘‘(e) E
FFECT OF ADOPTION .—Any planning 
product adopted by the Federal lead agency in accordance with this section may be— 
‘‘(1) incorporated directly into an environ-
mental review process document or other en-vironmental document; and 
‘‘(2) relied on and used by other Federal 
agencies in carrying out reviews of the project. 
‘‘(f) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—This section does not 
make the environmental review process ap-plicable to the transportation planning proc-ess conducted under this title and chapter 53 of title 49. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSPORTATION PLANNING ACTIVI -
TIES.—Initiation of the environmental re-
view process as a part of, or concurrently with, transportation planning activities does not subject transportation plans and pro-grams to the environmental review process. 
‘‘(3) P
LANNING PRODUCTS .—This section 
does not affect the use of planning products in the environmental review process pursu-ant to other authorities under any other pro-vision of law or restrict the initiation of the environmental review process during plan-ning.’’. 
SEC. 11109. USE OF PROGRAMMATIC MITIGATION 
PLANS. 
Section 169(f) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘may use’’ and inserting 
‘‘shall consider’’; and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘or other Federal environ-
mental law’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 11110. ADOPTION OF DEPARTMENTAL ENVI-
RONMENTAL DOCUMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 306 the following: 
‘‘§ 307. Adoption of Departmental environ-
mental documents 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—An operating adminis-
tration or secretarial office within the De-partment may adopt any draft environ-mental impact statement, final environ-mental impact statement, environmental as-sessment, or any other document issued under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) by another operating administration or secretarial of-fice within the Department— 
‘‘(1) without recirculating the document 
(except that a final environmental impact statement shall be recirculated prior to adoption); and 
‘‘(2) if the operating administration or sec-
retarial office adopting the document cer-tifies that the project is substantially the same as the project reviewed under the docu-ment to be adopted. 
‘‘(b) C
OOPERATING AGENCY .—An adopting 
operating administration or secretarial of-fice that was a cooperating agency and cer-tifies that the project is substantially the same as the project reviewed under the docu-ment to be adopted and that its comments and suggestions have been addressed may adopt a document described in subsection (a) without recirculating the document.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 307 and inserting the following: 
‘‘Sec. 307. Adoption of Departmental envi-
ronmental documents.’’. 
SEC. 11111. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR STATES. 
Section 326 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) 
through (4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), re-spectively; and 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) A
SSISTANCE TO STATES .—On request of 
a Governor of a State, the Secretary shall provide to the State technical assistance, training, or other support relating to— 
‘‘(A) assuming responsibility under sub-
section (a); 
‘‘(B) developing a memorandum of under-
standing under this subsection; or 
‘‘(C) addressing a responsibility in need of 
corrective action under subsection (d)(1)(B).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph 
(1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) T
ERMINATION BY SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary may terminate the participation of any State in the program, if— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that the 
State is not adequately carrying out the re-sponsibilities assigned to the State; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary provides to the State— ‘‘(i) a notification of the determination of 
noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) a period of not less than 120 days to 
take such corrective action as the Secretary determines to be necessary to comply with the applicable agreement; and 
‘‘(iii) on request of the Governor of the 
State, a detailed description of each respon-sibility in need of corrective action regard-ing an inadequacy identified under subpara-graph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the State, after the notification and 
period described in clauses (i) and (ii) of sub-paragraph (B), fails to take satisfactory cor-rective action, as determined by the Sec-retary.’’. 
SEC. 11112. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
PROJECT DELIVERY PROGRAM. 
Section 327(j) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) T
ERMINATION BY SECRETARY .—The Sec-
retary may terminate the participation of any State in the program if— 
‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that the 
State is not adequately carrying out the re-sponsibilities assigned to the State; 
‘‘(B) the Secretary provides to the State— ‘‘(i) a notification of the determination of 
noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) a period of not less than 120 days to 
take such corrective action as the Secretary determines to be necessary to comply with the applicable agreement; and 
‘‘(iii) on request of the Governor of the 
State, a detailed description of each respon-sibility in need of corrective action regard-ing an inadequacy identified under subpara-graph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the State, after the notification and 
period provided under subparagraph (B), fails to take satisfactory corrective action, as de-termined by the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 11113. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS FOR 
MULTIMODAL PROJECTS. 
(a) M ULTIMODAL PROJECT DEFINED .—Sec-
tion 139(a) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (5) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(5) M
ULTIMODAL PROJECT .—The term 
‘multimodal project’ means a project that requires approval by more than 1 Depart-ment of Transportation operating adminis-tration or secretarial office.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SIONS FOR MULTIMODAL PROJECTS .—Section 
304 of title 49, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘operating 
authority that is not the lead authority with respect to a project’’ and inserting ‘‘oper-
ating administration or secretarial office that has expertise but is not the lead author-ity with respect to a proposed multimodal project’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AUTHORITY .—The term ‘lead au-
thority’ means a Department of Transpor-tation operating administration or secre-tarial office that has the lead responsibility for compliance with the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for a proposed multimodal project.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘under 
this title’’ and inserting ‘‘by the Secretary of Transportation’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘a categorical exclusion 
designated under the implementing regula-tions or’’ and inserting ‘‘a categorical exclu-sion designated under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) implementing regulations or’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘other components of the’’ 
and inserting ‘‘a proposed multimodal’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) the lead authority makes a determina-
tion, in consultation with the cooperating authority, on the applicability of a categor-ical exclusion to a proposed multimodal project; 
‘‘(2) the cooperating authority does not ob-
ject to the determination of the lead author-ity of the applicability of a categorical ex-clusion; 
‘‘(3) the lead authority determines that the 
component of the proposed multimodal project to be covered by the categorical ex-clusion of the cooperating authority has independent utility; and 
‘‘(4) the lead authority determines that— ‘‘(A) the proposed multimodal project does 
not individually or cumulatively have a sig-nificant impact on the environment; and 
‘‘(B) extraordinary circumstances do not 
exist that merit additional analysis and doc-umentation in an environmental impact statement or environmental assessment re-quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.).’’; and 
(4) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) C
OOPERATIVE AUTHORITY EXPERTISE .— 
A cooperating authority shall provide exper-tise to the lead authority on aspects of the multimodal project in which the cooperating authority has expertise.’’. 
SEC. 11114. MODERNIZATION OF THE ENVIRON-
MENTAL REVIEW PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall examine ways to modernize, simplify, and improve the implementation of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.) by the Depart-ment. 
(b) I
NCLUSIONS .—In carrying out subsection 
(a), the Secretary shall consider— 
(1) the use of technology in the process, 
such as— 
(A) searchable databases; (B) geographic information system map-
ping tools; 
(C) integration of those tools with fiscal 
management systems to provide more de-tailed data; and 
(D) other innovative technologies; (2) ways to prioritize use of programmatic 
environmental impact statements; 
(3) methods to encourage cooperating agen-
cies to present analyses in a concise format; and 
(4) any other improvements that can be 
made to modernize process implementation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5947 July 27, 2015 
(c) R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report describing the results of the review carried out under subsection (a). 
SEC. 11115. SERVICE CLUB, CHARITABLE ASSO-
CIATION, OR RELIGIOUS SERVICE SIGNS. 
Notwithstanding section 131 of title 23, 
United States Code, and part 750 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), a State may allow the mainte-nance of a sign of a service club, charitable 
association, or religious service that was erected as of the date of enactment of this Act, the area of which is less than or equal to 32 square feet, if the State notifies the Federal Highway Administration. 
SEC. 11116. SATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS 
FOR CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES. 
(a) H IGHWAYS .—Section 138 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) align, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, with the requirements of the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.) and section 306108 of title 54, including implementing regulations; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, coordinate with the Secretary of the Interior and the Executive Director of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Council’) to establish pro-cedures to satisfy the requirements described in subparagraph (A) (including regulations). 
‘‘(2) A
VOIDANCE ALTERNATIVE ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If, in an analysis re-
quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.), the Secretary determines that there is no fea-sible or prudent alternative to avoid use of an historic site, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(i) include the determination of the Sec-
retary in the analysis required under that Act; 
‘‘(ii) provide a notice of the determination 
to— 
‘‘(I) each applicable State historic preser-
vation officer and tribal historic preserva-tion officer; 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is partici-
pating in the consultation process under sec-tion 306108 of title 54; and 
‘‘(III) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(iii) request from the applicable preserva-
tion officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior a concurrence that the deter-mination is sufficient to satisfy the require-ment of subsection (a)(1). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENCE .—If the applicable pres-
ervation officer, the Council, and the Sec-retary of the Interior each provide a concur-rence requested under subparagraph (A)(iii), no further analysis under subsection (a)(1) shall be required. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of a deter-
mination, together with each relevant con-currence to that determination, under sub-paragraph (A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) included in the record of decision or 
finding of no significant impact of the Sec-retary; and 
‘‘(ii) posted on an appropriate Federal 
website by not later than 3 days after the date of receipt by the Secretary of all con-currences requested under subparagraph (A)(iii). 
‘‘(3) A
LIGNING HISTORICAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, the ap-
plicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior concur that no feasible and prudent alternative exists as 
described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide to the applicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior notice of the intent of the Secretary to satisfy the requirements of subsection (a)(2) through the consultation requirements of section 306108 of title 54. 
‘‘(B) S
ATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS .—To sat-
isfy the requirements of subsection (a)(2), each individual described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) shall concur in the treatment of the applicable historic site described in the memorandum of agreement or programmatic agreement developed under section 306108 of title 54.’’. 
(b) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION .—Section 303 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (d) and (e)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN HISTORIC SITES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) align, to the maximum extent prac-
ticable, the requirements of this section with the requirements of the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.) and section 306108 of title 54, including implementing regulations; and 
‘‘(B) not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this subsection, coordinate with the Secretary of the Interior and the Executive Director of the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Council’) to establish pro-cedures to satisfy the requirements described in subparagraph (A) (including regulations). 
‘‘(2) A
VOIDANCE ALTERNATIVE ANALYSIS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If, in an analysis re-
quired under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.), the Secretary determines that there is no fea-
sible or prudent alternative to avoid use of an historic site, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(i) include the determination of the Sec-
retary in the analysis required under that Act; 
‘‘(ii) provide a notice of the determination 
to— 
‘‘(I) each applicable State historic preser-
vation officer and tribal historic preserva-tion officer; 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is partici-
pating in the consultation process under sec-tion 306108 of title 54; and 
‘‘(III) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(iii) request from the applicable preserva-
tion officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior a concurrence that the deter-mination is sufficient to satisfy the require-ment of subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(B) C
ONCURRENCE .—If the applicable pres-
ervation officer, the Council, and the Sec-retary of the Interior each provide a concur-rence requested under subparagraph (A)(iii), no further analysis under subsection (a)(1) shall be required. 
‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of a deter-
mination, together with each relevant con-currence to that determination, under sub-paragraph (A) shall be— 
‘‘(i) included in the record of decision or 
finding of no significant impact of the Sec-retary; and 
‘‘(ii) posted on an appropriate Federal 
website by not later than 3 days after the date of receipt by the Secretary of all con-currences requested under subparagraph (A)(iii). 
‘‘(3) A
LIGNING HISTORICAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the Secretary, the ap-
plicable preservation officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior concur that no feasible and prudent alternative exists as described in paragraph (2), the Secretary may provide to the applicable preservation 
officer, the Council, and the Secretary of the Interior notice of the intent of the Secretary to satisfy the requirements of subsection (c)(2) through the consultation requirements of section 306108 of title 54. 
‘‘(B) S
ATISFACTION OF CONDITIONS .—To sat-
isfy the requirements of subsection (c)(2), the applicable preservation officer, the Coun-cil, and the Secretary of the Interior shall concur in the treatment of the applicable historic site described in the memorandum of agreement or programmatic agreement developed under section 306108 of title 54.’’. 
SEC. 11117. BRIDGE EXEMPTION FROM CONSID-
ERATION UNDER CERTAIN PROVI-SIONS. 
(a) P RESERVATION OF PARKLANDS .—Section 
138 of title 23, United States Code, as amend-ed by section 11116, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) B
RIDGE EXEMPTION FROM CONSIDER -
ATION .—A common post-1945 concrete or 
steel bridge or culvert (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) that is exempt from indi-
vidual review under section 306108 of title 54, United States Code, shall be exempt from consideration under this section.’’. 
(b) P
OLICY ON LANDS , WILDLIFE AND WATER -
FOWL REFUGES , ANDHISTORIC SITES.—Section 
303 of title 49, United States Code, as amend-ed by section 11116, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) B
RIDGE EXEMPTION FROM CONSIDER -
ATION .—A common post-1945 concrete or 
steel bridge or culvert (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) that is exempt from indi-vidual review under section 306108 of title 54, United States Code, shall be exempt from consideration under this section.’’. 
SEC. 11118. ELIMINATION OF BARRIERS TO IM-
PROVE AT-RISK BRIDGES. 
(a) T EMPORARY AUTHORIZATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Until the Secretary of the 
Interior takes the action described in sub-section (b), the take of nesting swallows to facilitate a construction project on a bridge eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code, with any component condition rating of 3 or less (as defined by the National Bridge Inventory General Condition Guid-ance issued by the Federal Highway Admin-istration) is authorized under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.) be-tween April 1 and August 31. 
(2) M
EASURES TO MINIMIZE IMPACTS .— 
(A) N OTIFICATION BEFORE TAKING .—Prior to 
the taking of nesting swallows authorized under paragraph (1), any person taking that action shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior a document that contains— 
(i) the name of the person acting under the 
authority of paragraph (1) to take nesting swallows; 
(ii) a list of practicable measures that will 
be undertaken to minimize or mitigate sig-nificant adverse impacts on the population of that species; 
(iii) the time period during which activi-
ties will be carried out that will result in the taking of that species; and 
(iv) an estimate of the number of birds, by 
species, to be taken in the proposed action. 
(B) N
OTIFICATION AFTER TAKING .—Not later 
than 60 days after the taking of nesting swal-lows authorized under paragraph (1), any per-son taking that action shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior a document that contains the number of birds, by species, taken in the action. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF TAKE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-
rior, in consultation with the Secretary, shall promulgate a regulation under the au-thority of section 3 of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 704) authorizing the take of nesting swallows to facilitate bridge repair, maintenance, or construction— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5948 July 27, 2015 
(A) without individual permit require-
ments; and 
(B) under terms and conditions determined 
to be consistent with treaties relating to mi-gratory birds that protect swallow species occurring in the United States. 
(2) T
ERMINATION .—On the effective date of 
a final rule under this subsection by the Sec-retary of the Interior, subsection (a) shall have no force or effect. 
(c) S
USPENSION OR WITHDRAWAL OF TAKE 
AUTHORIZATION .—If the Secretary of the In-
terior, in consultation with the Secretary, determines that taking of nesting swallows carried out under the authority provided in subsection (a)(1) is having a significant ad-verse impact on swallow populations, the 
Secretary of the Interior may suspend that authority through publication in the Federal Register. 
SEC. 11119. AT-RISK PROJECT PREAGREEMENT 
AUTHORITY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PRELIMINARY ENGINEER -
ING.—In this section, the term ‘‘preliminary 
engineering’’ means allowable preconstruction project development and en-gineering costs. 
(b) A
T-RISK PROJECT PREAGREEMENT AU-
THORITY .—A recipient or subrecipient of Fed-
eral-aid funds under title 23, United States Code, may— 
(1) incur preliminary engineering costs for 
an eligible project under title 23, United States Code, before receiving project author-ization from the State, in the case of a sub-recipient, and the Secretary to proceed with the project; and 
(2) request reimbursement of applicable 
Federal funds after the project authorization is received. 
(c) E
LIGIBILITY .—The Secretary may reim-
burse preliminary engineering costs incurred by a recipient or subrecipient under sub-section (b)— 
(1) if the costs meet all applicable require-
ments under title 23, United States Code, at the time the costs are incurred and the Sec-retary concurs that the requirements have been met; 
(2) in the case of a project located within a 
designated nonattainment or maintenance area for air quality, if the conformity re-quirements of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) have been met; and 
(3) if the costs would have been allowable if 
incurred after the date of the project author-ization by the Department. 
(d) A
T-RISK.—A recipient or subrecipient 
that elects to use the authority provided under this section shall— 
(1) assume all risk for preliminary engi-
neering costs incurred prior to project au-thorization; and 
(2) be responsible for ensuring and dem-
onstrating to the Secretary that all applica-ble cost eligibility conditions are met after the authorization is received. 
(e) R
ESTRICTIONS .—Nothing in this sec-
tion— 
(1) allows a recipient or subrecipient to use 
the authority under this section to advance a project beyond preliminary engineering prior to the completion of the environmental review process; 
(2) waives the applicability of Federal re-
quirements to a project other than the reim-bursement of preliminary engineering costs incurred prior to an authorization to proceed in accordance with this section; or 
(3) guarantees Federal funding of the 
project or the eligibility of the project for future Federal-aid highway funding. 
Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
SEC. 11201. CREDITS FOR UNTAXED TRANSPOR-
TATION FUELS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF QUALIFIED REVENUES .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘qualified revenues’’ means any amounts— (1) collected by a State— 
(A) for the registration of a vehicle that 
operates solely on a fuel that is not subject to a Federal tax; and 
(B) not sooner than the second registration 
period following the purchase of the vehicle; and 
(2) that do not exceed, for a vehicle de-
scribed in paragraph (1), an annual amount determined by the Secretary to be equal to the annual amount paid for Federal motor fuels taxes on the fuel used by an average passenger car fueled solely by gasoline. 
(b) C
REDIT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
if a State contributes qualified revenues to cover not less than 5 percent of the total cost of a project eligible for assistance under this title, the Federal share payable for the project under this section may be increased by an amount that is— 
(A) equal to the percent of the total cost of 
the project from contributed qualified reve-nues; but 
(B) not more than 5 percent of the total 
cost of the project. 
(2) E
XPIRATION .—The authorization of an 
increased Federal share for a project pursu-ant to paragraph (1) expires on September 30, 2023. 
(c) S
TUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Before the expiration date 
of the credit under subsection (b)(2), the Sec-retary, in coordination with other appro-priate Federal agencies, shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that de-scribes the most efficient and equitable means of taxing motor vehicle fuels not sub-ject to a Federal tax as of the date of sub-mission of the report. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENT .—The means described in 
the report under paragraph (1) shall parallel, as closely as practicable, the structure of other Federal taxes on motor fuels. 
SEC. 11202. JUSTIFICATION REPORTS FOR AC-
CESS POINTS ON THE INTERSTATE SYSTEM. 
Section 111(e) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(including new or modified freeway-to-crossroad inter-changes inside a transportation management area)’’ after ‘‘the Interstate System’’. 
SEC. 11203. EXEMPTIONS. 
Section 127 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(m) N
ATURAL GASVEHICLES .—A vehicle, if 
operated by an engine fueled primarily by natural gas, may exceed any vehicle weight limit (up to a maximum gross vehicle weight of 82,000 pounds) under this section by an amount that is equal to the difference be-tween— 
‘‘(1) the weight of the vehicle attributable 
to the natural gas tank and fueling system carried by that vehicle; and 
‘‘(2) the weight of a comparable diesel tank 
and fueling system. 
‘‘(n) E
MERGENCY VEHICLES .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF EMERGENCY VEHICLE .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘emergency vehi-cle’ means a vehicle designed to be used under emergency conditions— 
‘‘(A) to transport personnel and equipment; 
and 
‘‘(B) to support the suppression of fires and 
mitigation of other hazardous situations. 
‘‘(2) E
MERGENCY VEHICLE WEIGHT LIMIT .— 
Notwithstanding subsection (a), a State shall not enforce against an emergency vehicle a vehicle weight limit (up to a maximum gross vehicle weight of 86,000 pounds) of less than— 
‘‘(A) 24,000 pounds on a single steering axle; ‘‘(B) 33,500 pounds on a single drive axle; ‘‘(C) 62,000 pounds on a tandem axle; or 
‘‘(D) 52,000 pounds on a tandem rear drive 
steer axle. 
‘‘(o) O
PERATION OF CERTAIN SPECIALIZED  
VEHICLES ON CERTAIN HIGHWAYS IN THE STATE  
OFARKANSAS .—If any segment of United 
States Route 63 between the exits for high-ways 14 and 75 in the State of Arkansas is designated as part of the Interstate Sys-tem— 
‘‘(1) a vehicle that could legally operate on 
the segment before the date of the designa-tion at the posted speed limit may continue to operate on that segment; and 
‘‘(2) a vehicle that can only travel below 
the posted speed limit on the segment that could otherwise legally operate on the seg-ment before the date of the designation may continue to operate on that segment during daylight hours.’’. 
SEC. 11204. HIGH PRIORITY CORRIDORS ON THE 
NATIONAL HIGHWAY SYSTEM. 
Section 1105 of the Intermodal Surface 
Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2031) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c) (105 Stat. 2032; 112 Stat. 
190; 119 Stat. 1213)— 
(A) by striking paragraph (13) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(13) Raleigh-Norfolk Corridor from Ra-
leigh, North Carolina, through Rocky Mount, Williamston and Elizabeth City, North Carolina, to Norfolk, Virginia.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (18)(D)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in clause (iii), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) include Texas State Highway 44 from 
United States Route 59 at Freer, Texas, to Texas State Highway 358.’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (68) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(68) The Washoe County Corridor and the 
Intermountain West Corridor shall generally follow: 
‘‘(A) in the case of the Washoe County Cor-
ridor, along Interstate Route 580/United States Route 95/United States Route 95A, from Reno, Nevada, to Las Vegas, Nevada; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of the Intermountain West 
Corridor, from the vicinity of Las Vegas ex-tending north along United States Route 95, terminating at Interstate Route 80.’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(81) United States Route 117/Interstate 
Route 795 from United States Route 70 in Goldsboro, Wayne County, North Carolina, to Interstate Route 40 west of Faison, Samp-son County, North Carolina. 
‘‘(82) United States Route 70 from its inter-
section with Interstate Route 40 in Garner, Wake County, North Carolina, to the Port at Morehead City, Carteret County, North Carolina. 
‘‘(83) The Central Texas Corridor com-
mencing at the logical terminus of Inter-state 10, and generally following portions of United States Route 190 eastward passing in the vicinity Fort Hood, Killeen, Belton, Temple, Bryan, College Station, Huntsville, Livingston, Woodville, and to the logical ter-minus of Texas Highway 63 at the Sabine River Bridge at Burrs Crossing.’’; 
(2) in subsection (e)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (A) (109 Stat. 597; 118 
Stat. 293; 119 Stat. 1213), in the first sen-tence— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(13),’’ after 
‘‘subsection (c)(9),’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘subsections (c)(18)’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘(c)(36)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(18), subsection (c)(20), sub-paragraphs (A) and (B)(i) of subsection (c)(26), subsection (c)(36)’’ ; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5949 July 27, 2015 
(iii) by striking ‘‘and subsection (c)(57)’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(57), subsection (c)(68)(B), subsection (c)(81), and subsection (c)(82)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (C)(i) (109 Stat. 598; 126 
Stat. 427), by striking the last sentence and inserting ‘‘The routes referred to in subpara-graphs (A) and (B)(i) of subsection (c)(26) and in subsection (c)(68)(B) are designated as Interstate Route I–11.’’. 
SEC. 11205. REPEAT INTOXICATED DRIVER LAW. 
Section 164(a)(4) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘or combina-tion of laws’’ after ‘‘means a State law’’. 
SEC. 11206. VEHICLE-TO-INFRASTRUCTURE 
EQUIPMENT. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 119(d)(2)(L) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, in-cluding the installation of interoperable ve-hicle-to-infrastructure communication equipment’’ after ‘‘capital improvements’’. 
(b) S
URFACE TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM .— 
Section 133(b)(16) of title 23, United States Code, by inserting ‘‘, including the installa-tion of interoperable vehicle-to-infrastruc-ture communication equipment’’ after ‘‘cap-ital improvements’’. 
SEC. 11207. RELINQUISHMENT. 
A State transportation agency may relin-
quish park-and-ride lot facilities or portions of park-and-ride lot facilities to a local gov-ernment agency for highway purposes if au-thorized to do so under State law. 
SEC. 11208. TRANSFER AND SALE OF TOLL CRED-
ITS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-
lowing definitions apply: 
(1) E LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘‘eligible 
State’’ means a State that— 
(A) is eligible to use a credit under section 
120(i) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(B) has been selected by the Secretary 
under subsection (d)(2). 
(2) R ECIPIENT STATE .—The term ‘‘recipient 
State’’ means a State that receives a credit by transfer or by sale under this section from an eligible State. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PILOT PROGRAM .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the es-tablishment of a nationwide toll credit mon-itoring and tracking system under sub-section (g), the Secretary shall establish and implement a toll credit marketplace pilot program in accordance with this section. 
(c) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the pilot 
program established under subsection (b) are— 
(1) to identify whether a monetary value 
can be assigned to toll credits; 
(2) to identify the discounted rate of toll 
credits for cash; 
(3) to determine if the purchase of toll 
credits by States provides the purchasing State budget flexibility to deal with funding issues, including off-system needs, transit systems with high operating costs, or cash flow issues; and 
(4) to test the feasibility of expanding the 
toll credit market to allow all States to par-ticipate on a permanent basis. 
(d) S
ELECTION OF ELIGIBLE STATES .— 
(1) A PPLICATION TO SECRETARY .—In order to 
participate in the pilot program established under subsection (b), a State shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Secretary may require. 
(2) S
ELECTION .—Of the States that submit 
an application under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary may select not more than 10 States to be designated as an eligible State. 
(e) T
RANSFER OR SALE OF CREDITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pilot 
program established under subsection (b), the Secretary shall provide that an eligible State may transfer or sell to a recipient 
State a credit not used by the eligible State under section 120(i) of title 23, United States Code. 
(2) U
SE OF CREDITS BY TRANSFEREE OR PUR -
CHASER .—A recipient State may use a credit 
received under paragraph (1) toward the non- Federal share requirement for any funds made available to carry out title 23 or chap-ter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) C
ONDITION ON TRANSFER OR SALE OF  
CREDITS .—To receive a credit under para-
graph (1), a recipient State shall enter into an agreement with the Secretary described in section 120(i) of title 23, United States Code. 
(f) U
SE OF PROCEEDS FROM SALE OF CRED-
ITS.—An eligible State shall use the proceeds 
from the sale of a credit under subsection (e)(1) for any project in the eligible State that is eligible under the surface transpor-tation program established under section 133 of title 23, United States Code. 
(g) T
OLL CREDIT MONITORING AND TRACK -
ING.—Not later than 180 days after the enact-
ment of this section, the Secretary shall es-tablish a nationwide toll credit monitoring and tracking system that functions as a real- time database on the inventory and use of 
toll credits among all States (as defined in section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code). 
(h) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date on which a credit is trans-ferred or sold under subsection (e)(1), the eli-gible State shall submit to the Secretary in writing a notification of the transfer or sale. 
(i) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of establishment of the pilot program under subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the progress of the pilot program. 
(2) S
TATE REPORT .— 
(A) R EPORT BY ELIGIBLE STATE .—Not later 
than 30 days after a purchase or sale under subsection (e)(1), an eligible State shall sub-mit to the Secretary a report that de-scribes— 
(i) information on the transaction; (ii) the amount of cash received and the 
value of toll credits sold; 
(iii) the intended use of the cash; and (iv) an update on the remaining toll credit 
balance of the State. 
(B) R
EPORT BY RECIPIENT STATE .—Not later 
than 30 days after a purchase or sale under subsection (e)(1), a recipient State shall sub-mit to the Secretary a report that de-scribes— 
(i) the value of toll credits purchased; (ii) the anticipated use of the toll credits; 
and 
(iii) plans for maintaining maintenance of 
effort for spending on Federal-aid highways projects. 
(3) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date on which the pilot program under subsection (b) is established and each year thereafter that the pilot program is in effect, the Secretary shall— 
(A) submit to the Committee on Environ-
ment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a report that— 
(i) determines whether a toll credit mar-
ketplace is viable; 
(ii) describes the buying and selling activi-
ties of the pilot program; 
(iii) describes the monetary value of toll 
credits; 
(iv) determines whether the pilot program 
could be expanded to more States or all States; and (v) provides updated information on the 
toll credit balance accumulated by each State; and 
(B) make the report described in subpara-
graph (A) publicly available on the website of the Department. 
(j) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may ter-
minate the program established under this section or the participation of any State in the program if the Secretary determines that the program is not serving a public ben-efit. 
SEC. 11209. REGIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE ACCEL-
ERATOR DEMONSTRATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a regional infrastructure demonstra-tion program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘program’’) to assist entities in devel-oping improved infrastructure priorities and financing strategies for the accelerated de-velopment of a project that is eligible for funding under the TIFIA program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION OF REGIONAL INFRASTRUC -
TURE ACCELERATORS .—In carrying out the 
program, the Secretary may designate re-gional infrastructure accelerators that will— 
(1) serve a defined geographic area; and (2) act as a resource in the geographic area 
to qualified entities in accordance with this section. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for a des-
ignation under subsection (b), a proposed re-gional infrastructure accelerator shall sub-mit to the Secretary a proposal at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. 
(d) C
RITERIA .—In evaluating a proposal 
submitted under subsection (c), the Sec-retary shall consider— 
(1) the need for geographic diversity among 
regional infrastructure accelerators; and 
(2) the ability of the proposal to promote 
investment in covered infrastructure projects, which shall include a plan— 
(A) to evaluate and promote innovative fi-
nancing methods for local projects, including the use of the TIFIA program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) to build capacity of State, local, and 
tribal governments to evaluate and structure projects involving the investment of private capital; 
(C) to provide technical assistance and in-
formation on best practices with respect to financing the projects; 
(D) to increase transparency with respect 
to infrastructure project analysis and using innovative financing for public infrastruc-ture projects; 
(E) to deploy predevelopment capital pro-
grams designed to facilitate the creation of a pipeline of infrastructure projects available for investment; 
(F) to bundle smaller-scale and rural 
projects into larger proposals that may be more attractive for investment; and 
(G) to reduce transaction costs for public 
project sponsors. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not less frequently 
than once each year, the Secretary shall sub-mit to Congress a report that describes the findings and effectiveness of the program. 
(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the program $12,000,000, of which the Secretary shall use— 
(1) $11,750,000 for initial grants to regional 
infrastructure accelerators under subsection (b); and 
(2) $250,000 for administrative costs of car-
rying out the program. 
SEC. 11210. SONORAN CORRIDOR INTERSTATE 
DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that the des-
ignation of the Sonoran Corridor Interstate connecting Interstate 19 to Interstate 10 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5950 July 27, 2015 
south of the Tucson International Airport as 
a future part of the Interstate System would— 
(1) enhance direct linkage between major 
trading routes connecting growing ports, ag-ricultural regions, infrastructure and manu-facturing centers, and existing high priority corridors of the National Highway System; and 
(2) significantly improve connectivity on 
the future Interstate 11 and the CANAMEX Corridor, a route directly linking the United States with Mexico and Canada. 
(b) H
IGHPRIORITY CORRIDORS ON NATIONAL  
HIGHWAY SYSTEM .—Section 1105(c) of the 
Intermodal Surface Transportation Effi-ciency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2032; 119 Stat. 1210) (as amended by section 11204) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(84) State Route 410, the Sonoran Corridor 
connecting Interstate 19 to Interstate 10 south of the Tucson International Airport.’’. 
(c) F
UTURE PARTS OF INTERSTATE SYS-
TEM.—Section 1105(e)(5)(A) of the Intermodal 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2033; 119 Stat. 1213) (as amend-ed by section 11204) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘and subsection (c)(82)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(82), and sub-section (c)(84)’’. 
TITLE II—TRANSPORTATION INNOVATION 
Subtitle A—Research 
SEC. 12001. RESEARCH, TECHNOLOGY, AND EDU-
CATION. 
(a) H IGHWAY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  
PROGRAM .—Section 503(b)(3) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (xviii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in clause (xix), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xx) accelerated mobile, highway-speed, 
bridge inspection methods that provide quantitative data-driven decisionmaking ca-pabilities without requiring lane closures; and 
‘‘(xxi) innovative segmental wall tech-
nology for soil bank stabilization and road-way sound attenuation, and articulated tech-nology for hydraulic sheer-resistant erosion control.’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (D)(i), by inserting 
‘‘and section 119(e)’’ after ‘‘this subpara-graph’’. 
(b) T
ECHNOLOGY AND INNOVATION DEPLOY -
MENT PROGRAM .—Section 503(c) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘carry out’’ and inserting ‘‘establish and imple-ment’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking clause 
(i) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) use not less than 50 percent of the 
funds authorized to carry out this subsection to make grants to, and enter into coopera-tive agreements and contracts with, States, other Federal agencies, local governments, metropolitan planning organizations, insti-tutions of higher education, private sector entities, and nonprofit organizations to carry out demonstration programs that will accelerate the deployment and adoption of transportation research activities;’’; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as 
subparagraph (D); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the 
following: 
‘‘(C) I
NNOVATION GRANTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-
gram established under subparagraph (B)(i), the Secretary shall establish a transparent competitive process in which entities de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(i) may submit an application to receive a grant under this sub-
section. 
‘‘(ii) P
UBLICATION OF APPLICATION PROC -
ESS.—A description of the application proc-
ess established by the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) be posted on a public website; ‘‘(II) identify the information required to 
be included in the application; and 
‘‘(III) identify the criteria by which the 
Secretary shall select grant recipients. 
‘‘(iii) S
UBMISSION OF APPLICATION .—To re-
ceive a grant under this paragraph, an entity described in subparagraph (B)(i) shall submit an application to the Secretary. 
‘‘(iv) S
ELECTION AND APPROVAL .—The Sec-
retary shall select and approve an applica-tion submitted under clause (iii) based on whether the project described in the applica-tion meets the goals of the program de-scribed in paragraph (1).’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3)(C), by striking ‘‘each of 
fiscal years 2013 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
505(c)(1) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 503(c)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 503 (c)(2)(D)’’. 
SEC. 12002. INTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS-
TEMS. 
(a) I NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS  
DEPLOYMENT .—Section 513 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
YSTEM OPERATIONS AND ITS D EPLOY -
MENT GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish a competitive grant program to ac-celerate the deployment, operation, systems management, intermodal integration, and interoperability of the ITS program and ITS- enabled operational strategies— 
‘‘(A) to measure and improve the perform-
ance of the surface transportation system; 
‘‘(B) to reduce traffic congestion and the 
economic and environmental impacts of traf-fic congestion; 
‘‘(C) to minimize fatalities and injuries; ‘‘(D) to enhance mobility of people and 
goods; 
‘‘(E) to improve traveler information and 
services; and 
‘‘(F) to optimize existing roadway capac-
ity. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible for a 
grant under this subsection, an eligible enti-ty shall submit an application to the Sec-retary that includes— 
‘‘(A) a plan to deploy and provide for the 
long-term operation and maintenance of in-telligent transportation systems to improve safety, efficiency, system performance, and return on investment, such as— 
‘‘(i) autonomous vehicle communication 
technologies; 
‘‘(ii) vehicle-to-vehicle or vehicle-to-infra-
structure communication technologies; 
‘‘(iii) real-time integrated traffic, transit, 
and multimodal transportation information; 
‘‘(iv) advanced traffic, freight, parking, 
and incident management systems; 
‘‘(v) advanced technologies to improve 
transit and commercial vehicle operations; 
‘‘(vi) synchronized, adaptive, and transit 
preferential traffic signals; 
‘‘(vii) advanced infrastructure condition 
assessment technologies; and 
‘‘(viii) other technologies to improve sys-
tem operations, including ITS applications necessary for multimodal systems integra-tion and for achieving performance goals; 
‘‘(B) quantifiable system performance im-
provements, including— 
‘‘(i) reductions in traffic-related crashes, 
congestion, and costs; 
‘‘(ii) optimization of system efficiency; and ‘‘(iii) improvement of access to transpor-
tation services; ‘‘(C) quantifiable safety, mobility, and en-
vironmental benefit projections, including data-driven estimates of the manner in which the project will improve the efficiency of the transportation system and reduce traffic congestion in the region; 
‘‘(D) a plan for partnering with the private 
sector, including telecommunications indus-tries and public service utilities, public agencies (including multimodal and multi-jurisdictional entities), research institu-tions, organizations representing transpor-tation and technology leaders, and other transportation stakeholders; 
‘‘(E) a plan to leverage and optimize exist-
ing local and regional ITS investments; and 
‘‘(F) a plan to ensure interoperability of 
deployed technologies with other tolling, traffic management, and intelligent trans-portation systems. 
‘‘(3) S
ELECTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Effective beginning not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary may pro-vide grants to eligible entities under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—In awarding a 
grant under this subsection, the Secretary shall ensure, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, that grant recipients represent di-verse geographical areas of the United States, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
‘‘(C) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—In awarding a 
grant under the subsection, the Secretary shall give priority to grant recipients that demonstrate an ability to contribute a sig-nificant non-Federal share to the cost of car-rying out the project for which the grant is received. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE USES .—Projects for which 
grants awarded under this subsection may be used include— 
‘‘(A) the deployment of autonomous vehi-
cle communication technologies; 
‘‘(B) the deployment of vehicle-to-vehicle 
or vehicle-to-infrastructure communication technologies; 
‘‘(C) the establishment and implementa-
tion of ITS and ITS-enabled operations strat-egies that improve performance in the areas of— 
‘‘(i) traffic operations; ‘‘(ii) emergency response to surface trans-
portation incidents; 
‘‘(iii) incident management; ‘‘(iv) transit and commercial vehicle oper-
ations improvements; 
‘‘(v) weather event response management 
by State and local authorities; 
‘‘(vi) surface transportation network and 
facility management; 
‘‘(vii) construction and work zone manage-
ment; 
‘‘(viii) traffic flow information; ‘‘(ix) freight management; and ‘‘(x) congestion management; ‘‘(D) carrying out activities that support 
the creation of networks that link metro-politan and rural surface transportation sys-tems into an integrated data network, capa-ble of collecting, sharing, and archiving transportation system traffic condition and performance information; 
‘‘(E) the implementation of intelligent 
transportation systems and technologies that improve highway safety through infor-mation and communications systems linking vehicles, infrastructure, mobile devices, transportation users, and emergency re-sponders; 
‘‘(F) the provision of services necessary to 
ensure the efficient operation and manage-ment of ITS infrastructure, including costs associated with communications, utilities, rent, hardware, software, labor, administra-tive costs, training, and technical services; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5951 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(G) the provision of support for the estab-
lishment and maintenance of institutional relationships between transportation agen-cies, police, emergency medical services, pri-vate emergency operators, freight operators, shippers, public service utilities, and tele-communications providers; 
‘‘(H) carrying out multimodal and cross-ju-
risdictional planning and deployment of re-gional transportation systems operations and management approaches; and 
‘‘(I) performing project evaluations to de-
termine the costs, benefits, lessons learned, and future deployment strategies associated with the deployment of intelligent transpor-tation systems. 
‘‘(5) R
EPORT TO SECRETARY .—For each fis-
cal year that an eligible entity receives a grant under this subsection, not later than 1 year after receiving the grant, each recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report that describes how the project has met the expec-tations projected in the deployment plan submitted with the application, including in-formation on— 
‘‘(A) how the program has helped reduce 
traffic crashes, congestion, costs, and other benefits of the deployed systems; 
‘‘(B) the effect of measuring and improving 
transportation system performance through the deployment of advanced technologies; 
‘‘(C) the effectiveness of providing real- 
time integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to the public that allows the public to make in-formed travel decisions; and 
‘‘(D) lessons learned and recommendations 
for future deployment strategies to optimize transportation efficiency and multimodal system performance. 
‘‘(6) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date on which the first grant is awarded under this subsection and annu-ally thereafter for each fiscal year for which grants are awarded under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a re-port that describes the effectiveness of the grant recipients in meeting the projected de-ployment plan goals, including data on how the grant program has— 
‘‘(A) reduced traffic-related fatalities and 
injuries; 
‘‘(B) reduced traffic congestion and im-
proved travel-time reliability; 
‘‘(C) reduced transportation-related emis-
sions; 
‘‘(D) optimized multimodal system per-
formance; 
‘‘(E) improved access to transportation al-
ternatives; 
‘‘(F) provided the public with access to 
real-time integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to make informed travel decisions; 
‘‘(G) provided cost savings to transpor-
tation agencies, businesses, and the trav-eling public; and 
‘‘(H) provided other benefits to transpor-
tation users and the general public. 
‘‘(7) A
DDITIONAL GRANTS .—If the Secretary 
determines, based on a report submitted under paragraph (5), that a grant recipient is not complying with the established grant criteria, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) cease payment to the recipient of any 
remaining grant amounts; and 
‘‘(B) redistribute any remaining amounts 
to other eligible entities under this section. 
‘‘(8) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The Federal 
share of the cost of a project for which a grant is provided under this subsection shall not exceed 50 percent of the cost of the project. 
‘‘(9) F
UNDING .—Of the funds made available 
each fiscal year to carry out the intelligent transportation system program under sec-tions 512 through 518, not less than $30,000,000 shall be used to carry out this subsection.’’. (b) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS  
GOALS AND PURPOSES .—Section 514(a) of title 
23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(5) improvement of the ability of the 
United States to respond to security-related or other manmade emergencies and natural disasters; and 
‘‘(6) enhancement of the freight system of 
the United States and support to freight pol-icy goals by conducting heavy duty vehicle demonstration activities and accelerating adoption of ITS applications in freight oper-ations.’’. 
(c) ITS A
DVISORY COMMITTEE REPORT .— 
Section 515(h)(4) of title 23, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘February 1 of each year after the date of enactment of the Transportation Research and Innovative Technology Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘May 1 of each year’’. 
SEC. 12003. FUTURE INTERSTATE STUDY. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) a well-developed system of transpor-
tation infrastructure is critical to the eco-nomic well-being, health, and welfare of the people of the United States; 
(2) the 47,000-mile national Interstate Sys-
tem is the backbone to that transportation infrastructure system; and 
(3) as of the date of enactment of this 
Act— 
(A) many segments of the approximately 
60- year-old Interstate System are well be-yond the 50-year design life of the System and yet these aging facilities are central to the transportation infrastructure system, carrying 25 percent of the vehicle traffic of the United States on just 1 percent of the total public roadway mileage; 
(B) the need for ongoing maintenance, 
preservation, and reconstruction of the Interstate System has grown due to increas-ing and changing travel demands; and 
(C) simple maintenance of the current con-
dition and configuration of the Interstate System is insufficient for the System to fully serve the transportation needs of the United States for the next 50 years. 
(b) F
UTURE INTERSTATE SYSTEM STUDY .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Transpor-tation Research Board of the National Acad-emies to conduct a study on the actions needed to upgrade and restore the Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways to its role as a pre-mier system network that meets the growing and shifting demands of the 21st century and for the next 50 years (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘study’’). 
(c) M
ETHODOLOGIES .—In conducting the 
study, the Transportation Research Board shall build on the methodologies examined and recommended in the report prepared for the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials entitled ‘‘Na-tional Cooperative Highway Research Pro-gram Project 20–24(79): Specifications for a National Study of the Future 3R, 4R, and Ca-pacity Needs of the Interstate System’’ and dated December 2013. 
(d) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The study— 
(1) shall include specific recommendations 
regarding the features, standards, capacity needs, application of technologies, and inter-governmental roles to upgrade the Interstate System, including any revisions to law (in-cluding regulations) that the Transportation Research Board determines appropriate to achieve the goals; and 
(2) is encouraged to build on the robust in-
stitutional knowledge in the highway indus-try in applying the techniques involved in 
implementing the study. 
(e) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the 
study, the Transportation Research Board shall determine the need for reconstruction and improvement of the Interstate System by considering— 
(1) future demands on transportation infra-
structure determined for national planning purposes, including commercial and private traffic flows to serve future economic activ-ity and growth; 
(2) the expected condition of the current 
Interstate System over the next 50 years, in-cluding long-term deterioration and recon-struction needs; 
(3) those National Highway System routes 
that should be added to the existing Inter-state System to more efficiently serve na-tional traffic flows; 
(4) features that would take advantage of 
technological capabilities to address modern standards of construction, maintenance, and operations, for purposes of safety, and sys-tem management, taking into further con-sideration system performance and cost; and 
(5) the resources necessary to maintain and 
improve the Interstate System, including the resources required to upgrade those Na-tional Highway System routes identified in paragraph (3) to Interstate standards. 
(f) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out the 
study, the Transportation Research Board— 
(1) shall convene and consult with a panel 
of national experts including current and fu-ture owners, operators, and users of the Interstate System and private sector stake-holders; and 
(2) is encouraged to consult with— (A) the Federal Highway Administration; (B) States; (C) planning agencies at the metropolitan, 
State, and regional levels; 
(D) the motor carrier industry; (E) freight shippers; (F) highway safety groups; and (G) other appropriate entities. 
(g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Trans-portation Research Board shall submit to the Secretary, the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study conducted under this section. 
(h) F
UNDING .—From amounts authorized to 
carry out the Highway Research and Devel-opment Program, the Secretary shall use up to $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to carry out this section. 
SEC. 12004. RESEARCHING SURFACE TRANSPOR-
TATION SYSTEM FUNDING ALTER-
NATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
mote the research of user-based alternative revenue mechanisms that preserve a user fee structure to maintain the long-term sol-vency of the Highway Trust Fund. 
(b) O
BJECTIVES .—The objectives of the re-
search described in subsection (a) shall be— 
(1) to study uncertainties relating to the 
design, acceptance, and implementation of 2 or more future user-based alternative rev-enue mechanisms; 
(2) to define the functionality of those 
user-based alternative revenue mechanisms; 
(3) to conduct or promote research activi-
ties to demonstrate and test those user- based alternative revenue mechanisms, in-cluding by conducting field trials, by partnering with individual States, groups of States, or other appropriate entities to con-duct the research activities; 
(4) to conduct outreach to increase public 
awareness regarding the need for alternative funding sources for surface transportation programs and provide information on pos-sible approaches; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5952 July 27, 2015 
(5) to provide recommendations regarding 
adoption and implementation of those user- based alternative revenue mechanisms; and 
(6) to minimize the administrative cost of 
any potential user-based alternative revenue mechanisms. 
(c) G
RANTS .—The Secretary shall provide 
grants to individual States, groups of States, or other appropriate entities to conduct re-search that addresses— 
(1) the implementation, interoperability, 
public acceptance, and other potential hur-dles to the adoption of a user-based alter-native revenue mechanism; 
(2) the protection of personal privacy; (3) the use of independent and private 
third-party vendors to collect fees and oper-ate the user-based alternative revenue mech-anism; 
(4) equity concerns, including the impacts 
of the user-based alternative revenue mecha-nism on differing income groups, various ge-ographic areas, and the relative burdens on rural and urban drivers; 
(5) ease of compliance for different users of 
the transportation system; 
(6) the reliability and security of tech-
nology used to implement the user-based al-ternative revenue mechanism; 
(7) the flexibility and choices of user-based 
alternative revenue mechanisms, including the ability of users to select from various technology and payment options; 
(8) the cost of administering the user-based 
alternative revenue mechanism; and 
(9) the ability of the administering entity 
to audit and enforce user compliance. 
(d) A
DVISORY COUNCIL .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall establish and lead a Sur-face Transportation Revenue Alternatives Advisory Council (referred to in this sub-
section as the ‘‘Council’’) to inform the se-lection and evaluation of user-based alter-native revenue mechanisms. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The members of the 
Council shall— 
(i) be appointed by the Secretary; and (ii) include, at a minimum— (I) representatives with experience in user- 
based alternative revenue mechanisms, of which— 
(aa) not fewer than 1 shall be from the De-
partment; 
(bb) not fewer than 1 shall be from the De-
partment of the Treasury; and 
(cc) not fewer than 2 shall be from State 
departments of transportation; 
(II) representatives from applicable users 
of the surface transportation system; and 
(III) appropriate technology and public pri-
vacy experts. 
(B) G
EOGRAPHIC CONSIDERATIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall consider geographic diversity when selecting members under this para-graph. 
(3) F
UNCTIONS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date on which the Council is established, the Council shall, at a minimum— 
(A) define the functionality of 2 or more 
user-based alternative revenue mechanisms; 
(B) identify technological, administrative, 
institutional, privacy, and other issues that— 
(i) are associated with the user-based alter-
native revenue mechanisms; and 
(ii) may be researched through research ac-
tivities; 
(C) conduct public outreach to identify and 
assess questions and concerns about the user-based alternative revenue mechanisms for future evaluation through research ac-tivities; and 
(D) provide recommendations to the Sec-
retary on the process and criteria used for selecting research activities under sub-
section (c). 
(4) E
VALUATIONS .—The Council shall con-
duct periodic evaluations of the research ac-tivities that have received assistance from the Secretary under this section. 
(5) A
PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT .—The Council shall not be 
subject to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
(e) B
IENNIAL REPORTS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter until the completion of the research activities under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Secretary of the Treasury, the Com-mittee on Finance and the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works of the Senate, and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives a 
report describing the progress of the re-search activities. 
(f) F
INAL REPORT .—On the completion of 
the research activities under this section, the Secretary and the Secretary of the Treasury, acting jointly, shall submit to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives a report describing the results of the research activities and any rec-ommendations. 
(g) F
UNDING .—Of the funds authorized to 
carry out section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code— 
(1) $15,000,000 shall be used to carry out this 
section in fiscal year 2016; and 
(2) $20,000,000 shall be used to carry out this 
section in each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
Subtitle B—Data 
SEC. 12101. TRIBAL DATA COLLECTION. 
Section 201(c)(6) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) T
RIBAL DATA COLLECTION .—In addition 
to the data to be collected under subpara-graph (A), not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, any entity carrying out a project under the tribal transportation program under section 202 shall submit to the Secretary and the Secretary of Interior, based on obligations and expenditures under the tribal transportation program during the preceding fiscal year, the following data: 
‘‘(i) The names of projects or activities 
carried out by the entity under the tribal transportation program during the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) A description of the projects or activi-
ties identified under clause (i). 
‘‘(iii) The current status of the projects or 
activities identified under clause (i). 
‘‘(iv) An estimate of the number of jobs 
created and the number of jobs retained by the projects or activities identified under clause (i).’’. 
SEC. 12102. PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT DATA 
SUPPORT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT DATASUP-
PORT .—The Administrator of the Federal 
Highway Administration shall develop, use, and maintain data sets and data analysis tools to assist metropolitan planning organi-zations, States, and the Federal Highway Ad-ministration in carrying out performance management analyses (including the per-formance management requirements under section 150 of title 23, United States Code). 
(b) I
NCLUSIONS .—The data analysis activi-
ties authorized under subsection (a) may in-clude— 
(1) collecting and distributing vehicle 
probe data describing traffic on Federal-aid highways; (2) collecting household travel behavior 
data to assess local and cross-jurisdictional travel, including to accommodate external and through travel; 
(3) enhancing existing data collection and 
analysis tools to accommodate performance measures, targets, and related data, so as to better understand trip origin and destina-tion, trip time, and mode; 
(4) enhancing existing data analysis tools 
to improve performance predictions and travel models in reports described in section 150(e) of title 23, United States Code; and 
(5) developing tools— (A) to improve performance analysis; and (B) to evaluate the effects of project in-
vestments on performance. 
(c) F
UNDING .—From amounts authorized to 
carry out the Highway Research and Devel-opment Program, the Administrator may use up to $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out this section. 
Subtitle C—Transparency and Best Practices 
SEC. 12201. EVERY DAY COUNTS INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is in the national inter-
est for the Department, State departments of transportation, and all other recipients of Federal transportation funds— 
(1) to identify, accelerate, and deploy inno-
vation aimed at shortening project delivery, enhancing the safety of the roadways of the United States, and protecting the environ-ment; 
(2) to ensure that the planning, design, en-
gineering, construction, and financing of transportation projects is done in an effi-cient and effective manner; 
(3) to promote the rapid deployment of 
proven solutions that provide greater ac-countability for public investments and en-courage greater private sector involvement; and 
(4) to create a culture of innovation within 
the highway community. 
(b) E
VERY DAYCOUNTS INITIATIVE .—To ad-
vance the policy described in subsection (a), the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall continue the Every Day Counts initiative to work with States, local transportation agencies, and in-dustry stakeholders to identify and deploy proven innovative practices and products that— 
(1) accelerate innovation deployment; (2) shorten the project delivery process; (3) improve environmental sustainability; (4) enhance roadway safety; and (5) reduce congestion. 
(c) I
NNOVATION DEPLOYMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At least every 2 years, the 
Administrator shall work collaboratively with stakeholders to identify a new collec-tion of innovations, best practices, and data to be deployed to highway stakeholders through case studies, webinars, and dem-onstration projects. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In identifying a collec-
tion described in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall take into account market readi-ness, impacts, benefits, and ease of adoption of the innovation or practice. 
(d) P
UBLICATION .—Each collection identi-
fied under subsection (c) shall be published by the Administrator on a publicly available website. 
SEC. 12202. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
PERFORMANCE MEASURES. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the heads of other Federal agencies with re-sponsibility for the review and approval of projects funded under title 23, United States Code, shall measure and report on— 
(1) the progress made toward aligning Fed-
eral reviews of projects funded under title 23, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5953 July 27, 2015 
United States Code, and the improvement of 
project delivery associated with those projects; and 
(2) as applicable, the effectiveness of the 
Department in achieving the goals described in section 150(b) of title 23, United States Code, through discretionary programs. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act and bienni-ally thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing the results of the evaluation conducted under subsection (a). 
(c) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the De-partment shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report describing the results of the evaluation conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 12203. GRANT PROGRAM FOR ACHIEVEMENT 
IN TRANSPORTATION FOR PER-FORMANCE AND INNOVATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
entity’’ includes— 
(A) a State; (B) a unit of local government; (C) a tribal organization (as defined in sec-
tion 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)); and 
(D) a metropolitan planning organization. (2) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means— 
(A) a State; (B) the District of Columbia; (C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and (D) any other territory (as defined in sec-
tion 165(c)(1) of title 23, United States Code). 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Sec-
retary shall establish a competitive grant program to reward— 
(1) achievement in transportation perform-
ance management; and 
(2) the implementation of strategies that 
achieve innovation and efficiency in surface transportation. 
(c) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the program 
under this section shall be to reward entities for the implementation of policies and proce-dures that— 
(1) support performance-based manage-
ment of the surface transportation system and improve transportation outcomes; or 
(2) use innovative technologies and prac-
tices that improve the efficiency and per-formance of the surface transportation sys-tem. 
(d) A
PPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity may 
submit to the Secretary an application for a grant under this section. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application under para-
graph (1) shall indicate the means by which the eligible entity has met the requirements and purpose of the program under this sec-tion, including by— 
(A) establishing, and making progress to-
ward achieving, performance targets that ex-ceed the requirements of title 23, United States Code; 
(B) using innovative techniques and prac-
tices that enhance the effective movement of people, goods, and services, such as tech-nologies that reduce construction time, im-prove operational efficiencies, and extend the service life of highways and bridges; and 
(C) employing transportation planning 
tools and procedures that improve trans-parency and the development of transpor-tation investment strategies within the ju-risdiction of the eligible entity. 
(e) E
VALUATION CRITERIA .—In awarding a 
grant under this section, the Secretary shall take into consideration the extent to which 
the application of the applicable eligible en-
tity under subsection (d)— 
(1) demonstrates performance in meeting 
the requirements of subsection (c); and 
(2) promotes the national goals described 
in section 150(b) of title 23, United States Code. 
(f) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Amounts made 
available to carry out this section shall be used for projects eligible for funding under— 
(1) title 23, United States Code; or (2) chapter 53 of title 49, United States 
Code. 
(g) L
IMITATION .—The amount of a grant 
under this section shall be not more than $15,000,000. 
(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out this section $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, to remain available until ex-pended. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The Secretary 
shall withhold a reasonable amount of funds made available under paragraph (1) for ad-ministration of the program under this sec-tion, not to exceed 3 percent of the amount appropriated for each applicable fiscal year. 
(i) A
PPLICABILITY OF REQUIREMENTS .— 
Amounts made available under this section shall be administered as if the funds were ap-portioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 12204. HIGHWAY TRUST FUND TRANS-
PARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 104 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (g) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(g) H
IGHWAY TRUST FUND TRANSPARENCY  
ANDACCOUNTABILITY REPORT .— 
‘‘(1) P UBLICLY AVAILABLE REPORT .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of the DRIVE Act and quarterly there-after, the Secretary shall compile data in ac-cordance with this subsection on the use of Federal-aid highway program funds made available under this title. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the reports required under this subsection are made available in a user- friendly manner on the public website of the Department of Transportation and can be searched and downloaded by users of the website. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTENTS OF REPORT .— 
‘‘(A) A PPORTIONED AND ALLOCATED PRO -
GRAMS .—For each fiscal year, the report 
shall include comprehensive data for each program, organized by State, that includes— 
‘‘(i) the total amount of funds available for 
obligation, identifying the unobligated bal-ance of funds available at the end of the pre-ceding fiscal year and new funding available for the current fiscal year; 
‘‘(ii) the total amount of funding obligated 
during the current fiscal year; 
‘‘(iii) the remaining amount of funds avail-
able for obligation; 
‘‘(iv) changes in the obligated, unexpended 
balance during the current fiscal year, in-cluding the obligated, unexpended balance at the end of the preceding fiscal year and cur-rent fiscal year expenditures; and 
‘‘(v) the percentage of the total amount of 
obligations for the current fiscal year used for construction and the total amount obli-gated during the current fiscal year for reha-bilitation. 
‘‘(B) P
ROJECT DATA .—To the maximum ex-
tent practicable, the report shall include project-specific data, including data describ-ing— 
‘‘(i) the specific location of a project; ‘‘(ii) whether the project is located in an 
area of the State with a population of— 
‘‘(I) less than 5,000 individuals; ‘‘(II) 5,000 or more individuals but less than 
50,000 individuals; or 
‘‘(III) 50,000 or more individuals; ‘‘(iii) the total cost of the project; ‘‘(iv) the amount of Federal funding being 
used on the project; 
‘‘(v) the 1 or more programs from which 
Federal funds are obligated on the project; 
‘‘(vi) the type of improvement being made, 
such as categorizing the project as— 
‘‘(I) a road reconstruction project; ‘‘(II) a new road construction project; ‘‘(III) a new bridge construction project; ‘‘(IV) a bridge rehabilitation project; or ‘‘(V) a bridge replacement project; and ‘‘(vii) the ownership of the highway or 
bridge. 
‘‘(C) T
RANSFERS BETWEEN PROGRAMS .—The 
report shall include a description of the amount of funds transferred between pro-grams by each State under section 126.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1503 
of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note; Public Law 112–141) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 12205. REPORT ON HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENDITURES. 
(a) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 150 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report describing the administrative expenses of the Federal Highway Administration funded from the Highway Trust Fund during the 3 most re-cent fiscal years. 
(b) U
PDATES .—Not later than 5 years after 
the date on which the report is submitted under subsection (a) and every 5 years there-after, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report that updates the infor-mation provided in the report under that subsection for the preceding 5-year period. 
(c) I
NCLUSIONS .—Each report submitted 
under subsection (a) or (b) shall include a de-scription of the— 
(1) types of administrative expenses of pro-
grams and offices funded by the Highway Trust Fund; 
(2) tracking and monitoring of administra-
tive expenses; 
(3) controls in place to ensure that funding 
for administrative expenses is used as effi-ciently as practicable; and 
(4) flexibility of the Department to reallo-
cate amounts from the Highway Trust Fund between full-time equivalent employees and other functions. 
SEC. 12206. AVAILABILITY OF REPORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall make 
available to the public on the website of the Department any report required to be sub-mitted by the Secretary to Congress after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) D
EADLINE .—Each report described in 
subsection (a) shall be made available on the website not later than 30 days after the re-port is submitted to Congress. 
SEC. 12207. PERFORMANCE PERIOD ADJUST-
MENT. 
(a) N ATIONAL HIGHWAY PERFORMANCE PRO-
GRAM .—Section 119 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (e)(7), by striking ‘‘for 2 
consecutive reports submitted under this paragraph shall include in the next report submitted’’ and inserting ‘‘shall include as part of the performance target report under section 150(e)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘If, 
during 2 consecutive reporting periods, the condition of the Interstate System, exclud-ing bridges on the Interstate System, in a State falls’’ and inserting ‘‘If a State reports that the condition of the Interstate System, excluding bridges on the Interstate System, has fallen’’. 
(b) H
IGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 148(i) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5954 July 27, 2015 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘performance targets of the State established under section 150(d) by the date that is 2 years after the date of the es-tablishment of the performance targets’’ and inserting ‘‘safety performance targets of the State established under section 150(d)’’; and 
(2) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by inserting 
‘‘safety’’ before ‘‘performance targets’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 12208. DESIGN STANDARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 109 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘may take into account’’ and inserting ‘‘shall consider’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘ac-
cess for’’ and inserting ‘‘access and safety for’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (F); and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) the publication entitled ‘Highway 
Safety Manual’ of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Offi-cials; 
‘‘(E) the publication entitled ‘Urban Street 
Design Guide’ of the National Association of City Transportation Officials; and’’; 
(2) in subsection (f), by inserting ‘‘pedes-
trian walkways,’’ after ‘‘bikeways,’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) S
AFETY FOR MOTORIZED AND NON-
MOTORIZED USERS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, the Secretary shall establish stand-ards to ensure that the design of Federal sur-face transportation projects provides for the safe and adequate accommodation (as deter-mined by the State or other direct recipient of funds), in all phases of project planning, development, and operation, of all users of the transportation network, including mo-torized and nonmotorized users. 
‘‘(2) W
AIVER FOR STATE LAW OR POLICY .— 
The Secretary may waive the application of standards established under paragraph (1) to a State that has adopted a law or policy that provides for the safe and adequate accommo-dation (as determined by the State or other direct recipient of funds), in all phases of project planning and development, of users of the transportation network on federally funded surface transportation projects. 
‘‘(3) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State department 
of transportation shall submit a report to the Secretary, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary shall require, that describes measures implemented by the State to comply with this subsection. 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION BY SECRETARY .—Upon 
the receipt of a report from a State under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall deter-mine whether the State is in compliance with this section.’’. 
(b) D
ESIGN STANDARD FLEXIBILITY .—Not-
withstanding section 109(o) of title 23, United States Code, a local jurisdiction may use a roadway design guide that is different from the roadway design guide used by the State in which the local jurisdiction is located for the design of projects on all roadways under the ownership of the local jurisdiction (other than a highway on the Interstate System) if— 
(1) the local jurisdiction is the project 
sponsor; 
(2) the roadway design guide— (A) is recognized by the Federal Highway 
Administration; and 
(B) is adopted by the local jurisdiction; and (3) the design complies with all other ap-
plicable Federal laws. 
TITLE III—TRANSPORTATION INFRA-
STRUCTURE FINANCE AND INNOVATION ACT OF 1998 AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 13001. TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE 
FINANCE AND INNOVATION ACT OF 1998 AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 601(a) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘In this chapter, the’’ and 
inserting ‘‘The’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘to sections 601 through 
609’’ after ‘‘apply’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) capitalizing a rural projects fund 
using the proceeds of a secured loan made to a State infrastructure bank in accordance with sections 602 and 603, for the purpose of making loans to sponsors of rural infrastruc-ture projects in accordance with section 610.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘this chap-
ter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(4) in paragraph (10)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(i) by inserting ‘‘related’’ before 
‘‘projects’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘(which shall receive an in-
vestment grade rating from a rating agen-cy)’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-
ject to the availability of future funds being made available to carry out this chapter;’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to— 
‘‘(i) the availability of future funds being 
made available to carry out the TIFIA pro-gram; and 
‘‘(ii) the satisfaction of all of the condi-
tions for the provision of credit assistance under the TIFIA program, including section 603(b)(1);’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by redesignating clauses (ii) and (iii) as 
clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively; 
(ii) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(ii) receiving an investment grade rating 
from a rating agency;’’; 
(iii) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘section 602(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘in-cluding sections 602(c) and 603(b)(1)’’; and 
(iv) in clause (iv) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(5) in paragraph (12)— (A) in subparagraph (D)(iv), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) a project to improve or construct pub-
lic infrastructure that is located within walking distance of, and accessible to, a fixed guideway transit facility, passenger rail station, intercity bus station, or inter-modal facility, including a transportation, public utility, and capital project described in section 5302(3)(G)(v) of title 49, and related infrastructure; 
‘‘(F) a project for the acquisition of plant 
and wildlife habitat pursuant to a conserva-tion plan that— 
‘‘(i) has been approved by the Secretary of 
the Interior pursuant to section 10 of the En-dangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1539); and 
‘‘(ii) as determined by the Secretary of the 
Interior, would mitigate the environmental impacts of transportation infrastructure 
projects otherwise eligible for assistance under the TIFIA program; and 
‘‘(G) the capitalization of a rural projects 
fund by a State infrastructure bank with the proceeds of a secured loan made in accord-ance with sections 602 and 603, for the pur-pose of making loans to sponsors of rural in-frastructure projects in accordance with sec-tion 610.’’; 
(6) in paragraph (15), by striking ‘‘means’’ 
and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘means a surface transportation infrastructure project located in an area that is outside of an urbanized area with a population greater than 150,000 individuals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census.’’; 
(7) by redesignating paragraphs (16), (17), 
(18), (19), and (20) as paragraphs (17), (18), (20), (21), and (22), respectively; 
(8) by inserting after paragraph (15) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(16) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—The term 
‘rural projects fund’ means a fund— 
‘‘(A) established by a State infrastructure 
bank in accordance with section 610(d)(4); 
‘‘(B) capitalized with the proceeds of a se-
cured loan made to the bank in accordance with sections 602 and 603; and 
‘‘(C) for the purpose of making loans to 
sponsors of rural infrastructure projects in accordance with section 610.’’; 
(9) by inserting after paragraph (18) (as re-
designated) the following: 
‘‘(19) S
TATE INFRASTRUCTURE BANK .—The 
term ‘State infrastructure bank’ means an infrastructure bank established under sec-tion 610.’’; and 
(10) in paragraph (22) (as redesignated), by 
inserting ‘‘established under sections 602 through 609’’ after ‘‘Department’’. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION OF ELIGIBILITY AND  
PROJECT SELECTION .—Section 602 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-
gram’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’; 
(D) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking the heading and inserting 
‘‘E
LIGIBLE PROJECT COST PARAMETERS .—’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘subparagraph (B), to be eligible for assistance under this chapter, a project’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (B) and (C), a project under the TIFIA program’’; 
(II) by striking clause (i) and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(i) $50,000,000; and’’; and (III) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘assist-
ance’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking the subparagraph designa-
tion and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS -
TEMS .—In the case’’; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) T
RANSIT -ORIENTED DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECTS .—In the case of a project described 
in section 601(a)(12)(E), eligible project costs shall be reasonably anticipated to equal or exceed $10,000,000. 
‘‘(iii) R
URAL PROJECTS .—In the case of a 
rural infrastructure project or a project cap-italizing a rural projects fund, eligible project costs shall be reasonably anticipated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5955 July 27, 2015 
to equal or exceed $10,000,000, but not to ex-
ceed $100,000,000. 
‘‘(iv) L OCAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS .— 
Eligible project costs shall be reasonably an-ticipated to equal or exceed $10,000,000 in the case of projects or programs of projects— 
‘‘(I) in which the applicant is a local gov-
ernment, public authority, or instrumen-tality of local government; 
‘‘(II) located on a facility owned by a local 
government; or 
‘‘(III) for which the Secretary determines 
that a local government is substantially in-volved in the development of the project.’’; 
(E) in paragraph (9), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (10)— (i) by striking ‘‘To be eligible’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), to be eligible’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘not later than’’ and in-
serting ‘‘no later than’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—In the case of 
a project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the State infrastructure bank shall dem-onstrate, not later than 2 years after the date on which a secured loan is obligated for the project under the TIFIA program, that the bank has executed a loan agreement with a borrower for a rural infrastructure project in accordance with section 610. After the demonstration is made, the bank may draw upon the secured loan. At the end of the 2- year period, to the extent the bank has not used the loan commitment, the Secretary may extend the term of the loan or withdraw the loan commitment.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph 
(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(2) M
ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) P ROGRAM OF RELATED PROJECTS .—The 
Secretary may enter into a master credit agreement for a program of related projects 
secured by a common security pledge on terms acceptable to the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) A
DEQUATE FUNDING NOT AVAILABLE .—If 
the Secretary fully obligates funding to eli-gible projects for a fiscal year and adequate funding is not available to fund a credit in-strument, a project sponsor of an eligible project may elect to enter into a master credit agreement and wait to execute a cred-it instrument until the fiscal year for which additional funds are available to receive credit assistance.’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’. 
(c) S
ECURED LOAN TERMS AND LIMITA -
TIONS .—Section 603(b) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘The amount of’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the amount of’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—In the case of 
a project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the maximum amount of a secured loan made to a State infrastructure bank shall be determined in accordance with section 602(a)(5)(B)(iii).’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3)(A)(i)— (A) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end and inserting ‘‘or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(V) in the case of a secured loan for a 
project capitalizing a rural projects fund, 
any other dedicated revenue sources avail-able to a State infrastructure bank, includ-ing repayments from loans made by the bank for rural infrastructure projects; and’’; 
(3) in paragraph (4)(B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘under this 
chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘or a rural projects fund under the TIFIA program’’; and 
(B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘and rural 
project funds’’ after ‘‘rural infrastructure projects’’; 
(4) in paragraph (5)— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and 
(B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘The final’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the final’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—In the case of 
a project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the final maturity date of the secured loan shall not exceed 35 years after the date on which the secured loan is obligated.’’; 
(5) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘this chap-
ter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (9)— (A) by striking ‘‘The total Federal assist-
ance provided on a project receiving a loan under this chapter’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The total Federal assist-
ance provided for a project receiving a loan under the TIFIA program’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—A project cap-
italizing a rural projects fund shall satisfy clause (i) through compliance with the Fed-eral share requirement described in section 610(e)(3)(B).’’. 
(d) P
ROGRAM ADMINISTRATION .—Section 605 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) A
SSISTANCE TO SMALL PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the funds 
made available to carry out the TIFIA pro-gram for each fiscal year, and after the set- aside under section 608(a)(6), not less than $2,000,000 shall be made available for the Sec-retary to use in lieu of fees collected under subsection (b) for projects under the TIFIA program having eligible project costs that are reasonably anticipated not to equal or exceed $75,000,000. 
‘‘(2) R
ELEASE OF FUNDS .—Any funds not 
used under paragraph (1) shall be made avail-able on October 1 of the following fiscal year to provide credit assistance to any project under the TIFIA program.’’. 
(e) S
TATE AND LOCAL PERMITS .—Section 606 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by strik-ing ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’. 
(f) R
EGULATIONS .—Section 607 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA pro-gram’’. 
(g) F
UNDING .—Section 608 of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’; and 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘of’’ after 
‘‘504(f)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or 
rural projects funds’’ after ‘‘rural infrastruc-ture projects’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or 
rural projects funds’’ after ‘‘rural infrastruc-ture projects’’; 
(C) by striking paragraph (4) and redesig-
nating paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and 
(D) in paragraph (5) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘0.50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘1.5 percent’’. 
(h) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Section 609 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter (other than section 610)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’. 
(i) S
TATE INFRASTRUCTURE BANK PRO-
GRAM .—Section 610 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(11) R URAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT .— 
The term ‘rural infrastructure project’ has the meaning given the term in section 601. 
‘‘(12) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—The term 
‘rural projects fund’ has the meaning given the term in section 601.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘each 
of fiscal years’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year under each of paragraphs (1), (2), and (5) of section 104(b); and’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘in each of 
fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘in each fiscal year’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘in each of 
fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘in each fiscal year’’; 
(D) by redesignating paragraphs (4) 
through (6) as paragraphs (5) through (7), re-spectively; 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) R
URAL PROJECTS FUND .—Subject to 
subsection (j), the Secretary may permit a State entering into a cooperative agreement under this section to establish a State infra-structure bank to deposit into the rural projects fund of the bank the proceeds of a secured loan made to the bank in accordance with section 602 and 603.’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (6) (as redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘section 133(d)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 133(d)(1)(A)(i)’’; 
(3) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) F
ORMS OF ASSISTANCE FROM STATE IN-
FRASTRUCTURE BANKS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State infrastructure 
bank established under this section may— 
‘‘(A) with funds deposited into the highway 
account, transit account, or rail account of the bank, make loans or provide other forms of credit assistance to a public or private en-tity to carry out a project eligible for assist-ance under this section; and 
‘‘(B) with funds deposited into the rural 
projects fund, make loans to a public or pri-vate entity to carry out a rural infrastruc-ture project. 
‘‘(2) S
UBORDINATION OF LOAN .—The amount 
of a loan or other form of credit assistance provided for a project described in paragraph (1) may be subordinated to any other debt fi-nancing for the project. 
‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF ASSISTANCE .—A 
State infrastructure bank established under this section may— 
‘‘(A) with funds deposited into the highway 
account, transit account, or rail account, make loans or provide other forms of credit assistance to a public or private entity in an amount up to 100 percent of the cost of car-rying out a project eligible for assistance under this section; and 
‘‘(B) with funds deposited into the rural 
projects fund, make loans to a public or pri-vate entity in an amount not to exceed 80 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5956 July 27, 2015 
percent of the cost of carrying out a rural in-
frastructure project. 
‘‘(4) I NITIAL ASSISTANCE .—Initial assistance 
provided with respect to a project from Fed-eral funds deposited into a State infrastruc-ture bank under this section may not be made in the form of a grant.’’; 
(4) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘each ac-
count’’ and inserting ‘‘the highway account, the transit account, and the rail account’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, except 
that any loan funded from the rural projects fund of the bank shall bear interest at or below the interest rate charged for the TIFIA loan provided to the bank under sec-tion 603’’ after ‘‘feasible’’; and 
(5) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘For each 
of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and insert-ing ‘‘For each fiscal year’’. 
TITLE IV—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 14001. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) Section 101(a)(29) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting a 
comma after ‘‘disabilities’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (F)(i), by striking 
‘‘133(b)(11)’’ and inserting ‘‘133(b)(14)’’. 
(b) Section 119(d)(1)(A) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘mobil-ity,’’ and inserting ‘‘congestion reduction, system reliability,’’. 
(c) Section 126(b) of title 23, United States 
Code (as amended by section 11014(b)), is amended by striking ‘‘133(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘133(d)(1)(A)’’. 
(d) Section 127(a)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘118(b)(2) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘118(b)’’. 
(e) Section 150(c)(3)(B) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a period. 
(f) Section 153(h)(2) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1) through (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graphs (1), (2), and (4)’’. 
(g) Section 163(f)(2) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘118(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘118(b)’’. 
(h) Section 165(c)(7) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘para-graphs (2), (4), (7), (8), (14), and (19)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (4), (6), (7), and (14)’’. 
(i) Section 202(b)(3) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(i), in the matter 
preceding subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘(a)(6),’’ after ‘‘subsections’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (C)(ii)(IV), by striking 
‘‘(III).]’’ and inserting ‘‘(III).’’. 
(j) Section 217(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘104(b)(4)’’. 
(k) Section 327(a)(2)(B)(iii) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 13 4321 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.)’’. 
(l) Section 504(a)(4) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘104(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘104(b)(2)’’. 
(m) Section 515 of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sections 512 through 518’’. 
(n) Section 518(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘a report’’ after ‘‘House of Representatives’’. 
(o) Section 6302(b)(3)(B)(vi)(III) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘6310’’ and inserting ‘‘6309’’. 
(p) Section 1301( l)(3) of SAFETEA–LU (23 
U.S.C. 101 note; Public Law 109–59) is amend-ed— 
(1) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking 
‘‘complied’’ and inserting ‘‘compiled’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’. 
(q) Section 4407 of SAFETEA–LU (Public 
Law 109–59; 119 Stat. 1777), is amended by striking ‘‘hereby enacted into law’’ and in-serting ‘‘granted’’. 
(r) Section 51001(a)(1) of the Transportation 
Research and Innovative Technology Act of 2012 (126 Stat. 864) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 503(b), 503(d), and 509’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 503(b)’’. 
TITLE V—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 15001. APPALACHIAN DEVELOPMENT HIGH-
WAY SYSTEM. 
Section 1528 of MAP–21 (40 U.S.C. 14501 
note; Public Law 112–141) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2021’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘2050’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘shall be 100 percent’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘shall be up to 100 percent, as determined by the State’’. 
SEC. 15002. APPALACHIAN REGIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) H IGH-SPEED BROADBAND DEVELOPMENT  
INITIATIVE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
145 of subtitle IV of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 14509. High-speed broadband deployment 
initiative 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Appalachian Re-
gional Commission may provide technical assistance, make grants, enter into con-tracts, or otherwise provide amounts to indi-viduals or entities in the Appalachian region for projects and activities— 
‘‘(1) to increase affordable access to 
broadband networks throughout the Appa-lachian region; 
‘‘(2) to conduct research, analysis, and 
training to increase broadband adoption ef-forts in the Appalachian region; 
‘‘(3) to provide technology assets, including 
computers, smartboards, and video projec-tors to educational systems throughout the Appalachian region; 
‘‘(4) to increase distance learning opportu-
nities throughout the Appalachian region; 
‘‘(5) to increase the use of telehealth tech-
nologies in the Appalachian region; and 
‘‘(6) to promote e-commerce applications 
in the Appalachian region. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABLE AMOUNTS .— 
Of the cost of any activity eligible for a grant under this section— 
‘‘(1) not more than 50 percent may be pro-
vided from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(2) notwithstanding paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) in the case of a project to be carried 
out in a county for which a distressed county designation is in effect under section 14526, not more than 80 percent may be provided from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(B) in the case of a project to be carried 
out in a county for which an at-risk designa-tion is in effect under section 14526, not more than 70 percent may be provided from amounts appropriated to carry out this sec-tion. 
‘‘(c) S
OURCES OF ASSISTANCE .—Subject to 
subsection (b), a grant provided under this section may be provided from amounts made available to carry out this section in com-bination with amounts made available— 
‘‘(1) under any other Federal program; or ‘‘(2) from any other source. 
‘‘(d) F
EDERAL SHARE .—Notwithstanding 
any provision of law limiting the Federal share under any other Federal program, amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to increase that Federal share, as the Appalachian Regional Commis-sion determines to be appropriate.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 145 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item 
relating to section 14508 the following: 
‘‘14509. High-speed broadband deployment 
initiative.’’. 
(b) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 14703 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(5), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2012 through 2021’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-SPEED BROADBAND DEPLOYMENT  
INITIATIVE .—Of the amounts made available 
under subsection (a), $10,000,000 shall be used to carry out section 14509 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
(c) T
ERMINATION .—Section 14704 of title 40, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the 
amendments made by this section take ef-fect on October 1, 2015. 
SEC. 15003. WATER INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE 
AND INNOVATION. 
Section 3907(a) of title 33, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (5); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) 
as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively. 
SEC. 15004. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS TO EN-
COURAGE POLLINATOR HABITAT AND FORAGE ON TRANSPORTATION RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 319 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘(includ-
ing the enhancement of habitat and forage for pollinators)’’ before ‘‘adjacent’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) E
NCOURAGEMENT OF POLLINATOR HABI-
TAT AND FORAGE DEVELOPMENT AND PROTEC -
TION ON TRANSPORTATION RIGHTS -OF-WAY.—In 
carrying out any program administered by the Secretary under this title, the Secretary shall, in conjunction with willing States, as appropriate— 
‘‘(1) encourage integrated vegetation man-
agement practices on roadsides and other transportation rights-of-way, including re-duced mowing; and 
‘‘(2) encourage the development of habitat 
and forage for Monarch butterflies, other na-tive pollinators, and honey bees through plantings of native forbs and grasses, includ-ing noninvasive, native milkweed species that can serve as migratory way stations for butterflies and facilitate migrations of other pollinators.’’. 
(b) P
ROVISION OF HABITAT , FORAGE , ANDMI-
GRATORY WAYSTATIONS FOR MONARCH BUT-
TERFLIES , OTHER NATIVE POLLINATORS , AND 
HONEY BEES.—Section 329(a)(1) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘provision of habitat, forage, and migratory way stations for Monarch butterflies, other native pollinators, and honey bees,’’ before ‘‘and aesthetic enhancement’’. 
SEC. 15005. STUDY ON PERFORMANCE OF 
BRIDGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c), 
the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall commission the Transportation Research Board of the Na-tional Academy of Sciences to conduct a study on the performance of bridges that re-ceived funding under the innovative bridge research and construction program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘program’’) under section 503(b) of title 23, United States Code (as in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109– 59; 119 Stat. 1144)) in meeting the goals of that program, which included— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5957 July 27, 2015 
(1) the development of new, cost-effective 
innovative material highway bridge applica-tions; 
(2) the reduction of maintenance costs and 
lifecycle costs of bridges, including the costs of new construction, replacement, or reha-bilitation of deficient bridges; 
(3) the development of construction tech-
niques to increase safety and reduce con-struction time and traffic congestion; 
(4) the development of engineering design 
criteria for innovative products and mate-rials for use in highway bridges and struc-tures; 
(5) the development of cost-effective and 
innovative techniques to separate vehicle and pedestrian traffic from railroad traffic; 
(6) the development of highway bridges and 
structures that will withstand natural disas-ters, including alternative processes for the seismic retrofit of bridges; and 
(7) the development of new nondestructive 
bridge evaluation technologies and tech-niques. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The study commissioned 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) an analysis of the performance of 
bridges that received funding under the pro-gram in meeting the goals described in para-graphs (1) through (7) of subsection (a); 
(2) an analysis of the utility, compared to 
conventional materials and technologies, of each of the innovative materials and tech-nologies used in projects for bridges under the program in meeting the needs of the United States in 2015 and in the future for a sustainable and low lifecycle cost transpor-tation system; 
(3) recommendations to Congress on how 
the installed and lifecycle costs of bridges could be reduced through the use of innova-tive materials and technologies, including, as appropriate, any changes in the design and construction of bridges needed to maxi-mize the cost reductions; and 
(4) a summary of any additional research 
that may be needed to further evaluate inno-vative approaches to reducing the installed and lifecycle costs of highway bridges. 
(c) P
UBLIC COMMENT .—Before commis-
sioning the study under subsection (a), the Administrator shall provide an opportunity for public comment on the study proposal. 
(d) D
ATA FROM STATES .—Each State that 
received funds under the program shall pro-vide to the Transportation Research Board any relevant data needed to carry out the study commissioned under subsection (a). 
(e) D
EADLINE .—The Administrator shall 
submit to Congress the study commissioned under subsection (a) not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 15006. SPORT FISH RESTORATION AND REC-
REATIONAL BOATING SAFETY. 
Section 4 of the Dingell-Johnson Sport 
Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c), as amended by section 73103, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A) by striking 
‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
DIVISION B—PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION 
TITLE XXI—FEDERAL PUBLIC 
TRANSPORTATION ACT 
SEC. 21001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal 
Public Transportation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 21002. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 5302 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘bicycle 
storage facilities and installing equipment’’ and inserting ‘‘bicycle storage shelters and parking facilities and the installation of equipment’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— 
(A) by striking subparagraph (F) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(F) leasing equipment or a facility for use 
in public transportation;’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (G)— (i) in clause (iv), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(iii) by striking clause (vi); (C) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘or’’ 
at the end; 
(D) in subparagraph (L), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(M) associated transit improvements; or ‘‘(N) technological changes or innovations 
to modify low or no emission vehicles (as de-fined in section 5339(c)) or facilities.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(24) V
ALUE CAPTURE .—The term ‘value 
capture’ means recovering the increased value to property located near public trans-portation resulting from investments in pub-lic transportation.’’. 
SEC. 21003. METROPOLITAN TRANSPORTATION 
PLANNING. 
Section 5303 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘resil-
ient’’ after ‘‘development of’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘and bi-
cycle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, inter-modal facilities that support intercity trans-portation, including intercity buses and intercity bus facilities, and commuter van-pool providers’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (3) 
through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), re-spectively; 
(B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) R
EPRESENTATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Designation or selection 
of officials or representatives under para-graph (2) shall be determined by the metro-politan planning organization according to the bylaws or enabling statute of the organi-zation. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLIC TRANSPORTATION REPRESENTA -
TIVE.—Subject to the bylaws or enabling 
statute of the metropolitan planning organi-
zation, a representative of a provider of pub-lic transportation may also serve as a rep-resentative of a local municipality. 
‘‘(C) P
OWERS OF CERTAIN OFFICIALS .—An of-
ficial described in paragraph (2)(B) shall have responsibilities, actions, duties, voting rights, and any other authority commensu-rate with other officials described in para-graph (2)(B).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘paragraph (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (6)’’; 
(4) in subsection (e)(4)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(6)’’; 
(5) in subsection (g)(3)(A), by inserting 
‘‘natural disaster risk reduction,’’ after ‘‘en-vironmental protection,’’; 
(6) in subsection (h)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability 
of the transportation system.’’; 
(7) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking 
‘‘transit’’ and inserting ‘‘public transpor-tation facilities, intercity bus facilities’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (G)— (I) by striking ‘‘and provide’’ and inserting 
‘‘, provide’’; and 
(II) by inserting before the period at the 
end the following: ‘‘, and reduce vulner-ability due to natural disasters of the exist-ing transportation infrastructure’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (H), by inserting be-
fore the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing conges-tion, pollution, and energy consumption in a cost-effective manner and strategies and in-vestments that preserve and enhance inter-city bus systems, including systems that are privately owned and operated’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6)(A)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus 
operators and commuter vanpool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (2)(C)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(E)’’; 
(8) in subsection (j)(5)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (k)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)(3)’’; 
(9) in subsection (k)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(10) in subsection (l)— (A) in paragraph (1), by adding a period at 
the end; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(D), by striking ‘‘of less 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a popu-lation of 200,000 or less’’; 
(11) by striking subsection (n); (12) by redsignating subsections (o), (p), 
and (q) as subsections (n), (o), and (p), respec-tively; 
(13) in subsection (o), as so redesignated, 
by striking ‘‘set aside under section 104(f) of title 23’’ and inserting ‘‘apportioned under 
paragraphs (5)(D) and (6) of section 104(b) of title 23’’; and 
(14) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(q) T
REATMENT OF LAKETAHOE REGION .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF LAKE TAHOE REGION .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘Lake Tahoe Re-gion’ has the meaning given the term ‘re-gion’ in subsection (a) of Article II of the Lake Tahoe Regional Planning Compact (Public Law 96–551; 94 Stat. 3234). 
‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—For purposes of this 
title, the Lake Tahoe Region shall be treated as— 
‘‘(A) a metropolitan planning organization; ‘‘(B) a transportation management area 
under subsection (k); and 
‘‘(C) an urbanized area, which is comprised 
of— 
‘‘(i) a population of 145,000 and 25 square 
miles of land area in the State of California; and 
‘‘(ii) a population of 65,000 and 12 square 
miles of land area in the State of Nevada.’’. 
SEC. 21004. STATEWIDE AND NONMETROPOLITAN 
TRANSPORTATION PLANNING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5304 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘and bi-
cycle transportation facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘, bicycle transportation facilities, inter-modal facilities that support intercity trans-portation, including intercity buses and intercity bus facilities, and commuter van-pool providers’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) improve the resilience and reliability 
of the transportation system.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5958 July 27, 2015 
(B) in paragraph (2)— 
(i) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘ur-
banized areas with a population of fewer than 200,000 individuals, as calculated ac-cording to the most recent decennial census, and’’ and inserting ‘‘areas’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking ‘‘title 23’’ and inserting 
‘‘this chapter’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘urbanized areas with a 
population of fewer than 200,000 individuals, as calculated according to the most recent decennial census, and’’ and inserting ‘‘areas’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘’In’’ and inserting ‘‘In’’; 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘subsection (l)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘subsection (k)’’; 
(4) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘subsection 
(l)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘(including 
intercity bus operators and commuter van-pool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; 
(C) in paragraph (7), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘should’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pol-lution, and energy consumption in a cost-ef-fective manner and strategies and invest-ments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are pri-vately owned and operated’’ before the pe-riod at the end; 
(5) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘public ports,’’ before 
‘‘freight shippers’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus 
operators)’’ after ‘‘private providers of trans-portation’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (k)’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (i); and (7) by redesignating subsections (j), (k), 
and (l) as subsections (i), (j), and (k), respec-tively. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
5303(b)(5) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 5304(l)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 5304(k)’’. 
SEC. 21005. URBANIZED AREA FORMULA GRANTS. 
Section 5307 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or gen-
eral public demand response service’’ before ‘‘during’’ each place that term appears; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION TO SPECIAL RULE .—Notwith-
standing paragraph (2), if a public transpor-tation system described in that paragraph executes a written agreement with 1 or more other public transportation systems within the urbanized area to allocate funds for the purposes described in that paragraph by a method other than by measuring vehicle rev-enue hours, each public transportation sys-tem that is a party to the written agreement may follow the terms of the written agree-ment without regard to measured vehicle revenue hours referred to in that paragraph. 
‘‘(4) T
EMPORARY AND TARGETED ASSIST -
ANCE .— 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBILITY .—The Secretary may 
make a grant under this section to finance the operating cost of equipment and facili-ties to a recipient for use in public transpor-tation in an area that the Secretary deter-
mines has— 
‘‘(i) a population of not fewer than 200,000 
individuals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census; and 
‘‘(ii) a 3-month unemployment rate, as re-
ported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, that is— 
‘‘(I) greater than 7 percent; and ‘‘(II) at least 2 percentage points greater 
than the lowest 3-month unemployment rate for the area during the 5-year period pre-ceding the date of the determination. 
‘‘(B) A
WARD OF GRANT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this subparagraph, the Secretary may make a grant under this paragraph for not more than 2 consecutive fiscal years. 
‘‘(ii) A
DDITIONAL YEAR .—If, at the end of 
the second fiscal year following the date on which the Secretary makes a determination under subparagraph (A) with respect to an area, the Secretary determines that the 3- month unemployment rate for the area is at least 2 percentage points greater than the unemployment rate for the area at the time the Secretary made the determination under subparagraph (A), the Secretary may make a grant to a recipient in the area for 1 addi-tional consecutive fiscal year. 
‘‘(iii) E
XCLUSION PERIOD .—Beginning on the 
last day of the last consecutive fiscal year for which a recipient receives a grant under this paragraph, the Secretary may not make a subsequent grant under this paragraph to the recipient for a number of fiscal years equal to the number of consecutive fiscal years in which the recipient received a grant under this paragraph. 
‘‘(C) L
IMITATION .— 
‘‘(i) F IRST FISCAL YEAR .—For the first fis-
cal year following the date on which the Sec-retary makes a determination under sub-paragraph (A) with respect to an area, not more than 25 percent of the amount appor-tioned to a designated recipient under sec-tion 5336 for the fiscal year shall be available for operating assistance for the area. 
‘‘(ii) S
ECOND AND THIRD FISCAL YEARS .—For 
the second and third fiscal years following the date on which the Secretary makes a de-termination under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to an area, not more than 20 percent of the amount apportioned to a designated re-cipient under section 5336 for the fiscal year shall be available for operating assistance for the area. 
‘‘(D) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY FOR OPER -
ATING ASSISTANCE .—Operating assistance 
awarded under this paragraph shall be avail-able for expenditure to a recipient in an area 
until the end of the second fiscal year fol-lowing the date on which the Secretary makes a determination under subparagraph (A) with respect to the area, after which time any unexpended funds shall be available to the recipient for other eligible activities under this section. 
‘‘(E) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary may 
make a grant for operating assistance under this paragraph for a fiscal year only if the recipient certifies that— 
‘‘(i) the recipient will maintain public 
transportation service levels at or above the current service level, which shall be dem-onstrated by providing an equal or greater number of vehicle hours of service in the fis-cal year than the number of vehicle hours of service provided in the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(ii) any non-Federal entity that provides 
funding to the recipient, including a State or local governmental entity, will maintain the tax rate or rate of allocations dedicated to public transportation at or above the rate for the preceding fiscal year; 
‘‘(iii) the recipient has allocated the max-
imum amount of funding under this section for preventive maintenance costs eligible as a capital expense necessary to maintain the 
level and quality of service provided in the preceding fiscal year; and 
‘‘(iv) the recipient will not use funding 
under this section for new capital assets ex-cept as necessary for the existing system to maintain or achieve a state of good repair, assure safety, or replace obsolete tech-nology.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘in a 
state of good repair’’ after ‘‘equipment and facilities’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (J), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(C) by striking subparagraph (K); and (D) by redesignating subparagraph (L) as 
subparagraph (K). 
SEC. 21006. FIXED GUIDEWAY CAPITAL INVEST-
MENT GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5309 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and 
weekend days’’; 
(B) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, 
small start projects,’’ after ‘‘new fixed guide-way capital projects’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(B) 2 or more projects that are any com-
bination of new fixed guideway capital projects, small start projects, and core ca-pacity improvement projects.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$75,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking 
‘‘$250,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$300,000,000’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘, poli-
cies and land use patterns that promote pub-lic transportation,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A)— (i) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(ii) by striking clause (iv); and (iii) by redesignating clause (v) as clause 
(iv); 
(3) in subsection (g)(2)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘, 
the policies and land use patterns that sup-port public transportation,’’; 
(4) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d) or (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection 
(d), (e), or (h)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘new fixed guideway capital project or core capacity improvement’’ after ‘‘federally funded’’; 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (D) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(D) the program of interrelated projects, 
when evaluated as a whole— 
‘‘(i) meets the requirements of subsection 
(d)(2), subsection (e)(2), or paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (h), as applicable, if the pro-gram is comprised entirely of— 
‘‘(I) new fixed guideway capital projects; ‘‘(II) core capacity improvement projects; 
or 
‘‘(III) small start projects; or ‘‘(ii) meets the requirements of subsection 
(d)(2) if the program is comprised of any combination of new fixed guideway projects, small start projects, and core capacity im-provement projects;’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (F), by inserting ‘‘or 
(h)(5), as applicable’’ after ‘‘subsection (f)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) P
ROJECT ADVANCEMENT .—A project re-
ceiving a grant under this section that is part of a program of interrelated projects may not advance— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5959 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(i) in the case of a small start project, 
from the project development phase to the construction phase unless the Secretary de-termines that the program of interrelated projects meets the applicable requirements of this section and there is a reasonable like-lihood that the program will continue to meet such requirements; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a new fixed guideway 
capital project or a core capacity improve-ment project, from the project development phase to the engineering phase, or from the engineering phase to the construction phase, unless the Secretary determines that the program of interrelated projects meets the applicable requirements of this section and there is a reasonable likelihood that the pro-gram will continue to meet such require-ments.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(p) J
OINT PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION AND  
INTERCITY PASSENGER RAILPROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
grants for new fixed guideway capital projects and core capacity improvement projects that provide both public transpor-tation and intercity passenger rail service. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE COSTS .—Eligible costs for a 
project under this subsection shall be lim-ited to the net capital costs of the public transportation costs attributable to the project based on projected use of the new segment or expanded capacity of the project corridor, not including project elements de-signed to achieve or maintain a state of good repair, as determined by the Secretary under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(3) P
ROJECT JUSTIFICATION AND LOCAL FI -
NANCIAL COMMITMENT .—A project under this 
subsection shall be evaluated for project jus-tification and local financial commitment under subsections (d), (e), (f), and (h), as ap-plicable to the project, based on— 
‘‘(A) the net capital costs of the public 
transportation costs attributable to the project as determined under paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(B) the share of funds dedicated to the 
project from sources other than this section included in the unified finance plan for the project. 
‘‘(4) C
ALCULATION OF NET CAPITAL PROJECT  
COST.—The Secretary shall estimate the net 
capital costs of a project under this sub-section based on— 
‘‘(A) engineering studies; ‘‘(B) studies of economic feasibility; ‘‘(C) the expected use of equipment or fa-
cilities; and 
‘‘(D) the public transportation costs attrib-
utable to the project. 
‘‘(5) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF NET CAPITAL  
PROJECT COST .— 
‘‘(A) G OVERNMENT SHARE .—The Govern-
ment share shall not exceed 80 percent of the net capital cost attributable to the public transportation costs of a project under this subsection as determined under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(B) N
ON-GOVERNMENT SHARE .—The re-
mainder of the net capital cost attributable to the public transportation costs of a project under this subsection shall be pro-vided from an undistributed cash surplus, a replacement or depreciation cash fund or re-serve, or new capital.’’. 
(b) E
XPEDITED PROJECT DELIVERY FOR CAP-
ITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS PILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the 
following definitions shall apply: 
(A) A PPLICANT .—The term ‘‘applicant’’ 
means a State or local governmental author-ity that applies for a grant under this sub-section. 
(B) C
APITAL PROJECT ; FIXED GUIDEWAY ; 
LOCAL GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY ; PUBLIC  
TRANSPORTATION ; STATE ; STATE OF GOOD RE -
PAIR.—The terms ‘‘capital project’’, ‘‘fixed guideway’’, ‘‘local governmental authority’’, 
‘‘public transportation’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘state of good repair’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5302 of title 49, United States Code. 
(C) C
ORE CAPACITY IMPROVEMENT PROJECT .— 
The term ‘‘core capacity improvement project’’— 
(i) means a substantial corridor-based cap-
ital investment in an existing fixed guide-way system that increases the capacity of a corridor by not less than 10 percent; and 
(ii) may include project elements designed 
to aid the existing fixed guideway system in making substantial progress towards achiev-ing a state of good repair. 
(D) C
ORRIDOR -BASED BUS RAPID TRANSIT  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘corridor-based bus 
rapid transit project’’ means a small start project utilizing buses in which the project represents a substantial investment in a de-fined corridor as demonstrated by features that emulate the services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation sys-tems— 
(i) including— (I) defined stations; (II) traffic signal priority for public trans-
portation vehicles; 
(III) short headway bidirectional services 
for a substantial part of weekdays; and 
(IV) any other features the Secretary may 
determine support a long-term corridor in-vestment; and 
(ii) the majority of which does not operate 
in a separated right-of-way dedicated for public transportation use during peak peri-ods. 
(E) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT .—The term ‘‘eligible 
project’’ means a new fixed guideway capital project, a small start project, or a core ca-pacity improvement project that has not en-tered into a full funding grant agreement with the Federal Transit Administration be-fore the date of enactment of this Act. 
(F) F
IXED GUIDEWAY BUS RAPID TRANSIT  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘fixed guideway bus 
rapid transit project’’ means a bus capital project— 
(i) in which the majority of the project op-
erates in a separated right-of-way dedicated for public transportation use during peak pe-riods; 
(ii) that represents a substantial invest-
ment in a single route in a defined corridor or subarea; and 
(iii) that includes features that emulate 
the services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems, including— 
(I) defined stations; (II) traffic signal priority for public trans-
portation vehicles; 
(III) short headway bidirectional services 
for a substantial part of weekdays and week-end days; and 
(IV) any other features the Secretary may 
determine are necessary to produce high- quality public transportation services that emulate the services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems. 
(G) N
EW FIXED GUIDEWAY CAPITAL  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘new fixed guideway 
capital project’’ means— 
(i) a fixed guideway project that is a min-
imum operable segment or extension to an existing fixed guideway system; or 
(ii) a fixed guideway bus rapid transit 
project that is a minimum operable segment or an extension to an existing bus rapid tran-sit system. 
(H) R
ECIPIENT .—The term ‘‘recipient’’ 
means a recipient of funding under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(I) S
MALL START PROJECT .—The term 
‘‘small start project’’ means a new fixed guideway capital project, a fixed guideway bus rapid transit project, or a corridor-based bus rapid transit project for which— (i) the Federal assistance provided or to be 
provided under this subsection is less than $75,000,000; and 
(ii) the total estimated net capital cost is 
less than $300,000,000. 
(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants under this subsection to States and local governmental authorities to assist in financing— 
(A) new fixed guideway capital projects or 
small start projects, including the acquisi-tion of real property, the initial acquisition of rolling stock for the system, the acquisi-
tion of rights-of-way, and relocation, for projects in the advanced stages of planning and design; and 
(B) core capacity improvement projects, 
including the acquisition of real property, the acquisition of rights-of-way, double tracking, signalization improvements, elec-trification, expanding system platforms, ac-quisition of rolling stock associated with corridor improvements increasing capacity, construction of infill stations, and such other capacity improvement projects as the Secretary determines are appropriate to in-crease the capacity of an existing fixed guideway system corridor by not less than 10 percent. Core capacity improvement projects do not include elements to improve general station facilities or parking, or acquisition of rolling stock alone. 
(3) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
not more than 10 grants under this sub-section for an eligible project if the Sec-retary determines that— 
(i) the eligible project is part of an ap-
proved transportation plan required under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 49, United States Code; 
(ii) the applicant has, or will have— (I) the legal, financial, and technical ca-
pacity to carry out the eligible project, in-cluding the safety and security aspects of the eligible project; 
(II) satisfactory continuing control over 
the use of the equipment or facilities; 
(III) the technical and financial capacity 
to maintain new and existing equipment and facilities; and 
(IV) advisors providing guidance to the ap-
plicant on the terms and structure of the project that are independent from investors in the project; 
(iii) the eligible project is supported, or 
will be supported, in part, through a public- private partnership, provided such support is determined by local policies, criteria, and decisionmaking under section 5306(a) of title 49, United States Code; 
(iv) the eligible project is justified based 
on findings presented by the project sponsor to the Secretary, including— 
(I) mobility improvements attributable to 
the project; 
(II) environmental benefits associated with 
the project; 
(III) congestion relief associated with the 
project; 
(IV) economic development effects derived 
as a result of the project; and 
(V) estimated ridership projections; and (v) the eligible project is supported by an 
acceptable degree of local financial commit-ment (including evidence of stable and de-pendable financing sources). 
(B) C
ERTIFICATION .—An applicant that has 
submitted the certifications required under subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (H) of section 5307(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code, shall be deemed to have provided sufficient information upon which the Secretary may make the determinations required under this paragraph. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5960 July 27, 2015 
(C) T ECHNICAL CAPACITY .—The Secretary 
shall use an expedited technical capacity re-view process for applicants that have re-cently and successfully completed not less than 1 new fixed guideway capital project, small start project, or core capacity im-provement project, if— 
(i) the applicant achieved budget, cost, and 
ridership outcomes for the project that are consistent with or better than projections; and 
(ii) the applicant demonstrates that the 
applicant continues to have the staff exper-tise and other resources necessary to imple-ment a new project. 
(D) F
INANCIAL COMMITMENT .— 
(i) R EQUIREMENTS .—In determining wheth-
er an eligible project is supported by an ac-ceptable degree of local financial commit-ment and shows evidence of stable and de-pendable financing sources for purposes of 
subparagraph (A)(v), the Secretary shall re-quire that— 
(I) each proposed source of capital and op-
erating financing is stable, reliable, and available within the proposed eligible project timetable; and 
(II) resources are available to recapitalize, 
maintain, and operate the overall existing and proposed public transportation system, including essential feeder bus and other serv-ices necessary, without degradation to the existing level of public transportation serv-ices. 
(ii) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In assessing the sta-
bility, reliability, and availability of pro-posed sources of financing under clause (i), the Secretary shall consider— 
(I) the reliability of the forecasting meth-
ods used to estimate costs and revenues made by the applicant and the contractors to the applicant; 
(II) existing grant commitments; (III) the degree to which financing sources 
are dedicated to the proposed eligible project; 
(IV) any debt obligation that exists or is 
proposed by the applicant, for the proposed eligible project or other public transpor-tation purpose; and 
(V) private contributions to the eligible 
project, including cost-effective project de-livery, management or transfer of project risks, expedited project schedule, financial partnering, and other public-private partner-ship strategies. 
(E) L
ABOR STANDARDS .—The requirements 
under section 5333 of title 49, United States Code, shall apply to each recipient of a grant under this subsection. 
(4) P
ROJECT ADVANCEMENT .—An applicant 
that desires a grant under this subsection and meets the requirements of paragraph (3) shall submit to the Secretary, and the Sec-retary shall approve for advancement, a grant request that contains— 
(A) identification of an eligible project; (B) a schedule and finance plan for the con-
struction and operation of the eligible project; 
(C) an analysis of the efficiencies of the 
proposed eligible project development and delivery methods and innovative financing arrangement for the eligible project, includ-ing any documents related to the— 
(i) public-private partnership required 
under paragraph (3)(A)(iii); and 
(ii) project justification required under 
paragraph (3)(A)(iv); and 
(D) a certification that the existing public 
transportation system of the applicant or, in the event that the applicant does not operate a public transportation system, the public transportation system to which the proposed project will be attached, is in a state of good repair. 
(5) W
RITTEN NOTICE FROM THE SECRETARY .— (A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a grant request of an applicant under paragraph (4), the Secretary shall provide written notice to the applicant— 
(i) of approval of the grant request; or (ii) if the grant request does not meet the 
requirements under paragraph (4), of dis-approval of the grant request, including a de-tailed explanation of the reasons for the dis-approval. 
(B) C
ONCURRENT NOTICE .—The Secretary 
shall provide concurrent notice of an ap-proval or disapproval of a grant request under subparagraph (A) to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
(6) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may grant a 
waiver to an applicant that does not comply with paragraph (4)(D) if— 
(A) the eligible project meets the defini-
tion of a core capacity improvement project; and 
(B) the Secretary certifies that the eligible 
project will allow the applicant to make sub-stantial progress in achieving a state of good repair. 
(7) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
may enter into a full funding grant agree-ment with an applicant under this sub-section for an eligible project for which an application has been submitted and approved for advancement by the Secretary under paragraph (4), only if the applicant has com-pleted the planning and activities required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(8) L
ETTERS OF INTENT AND FULL FUNDING  
GRANT AGREEMENTS .— 
(A) L ETTERS OF INTENT .— 
(i) A MOUNTS INTENDED TO BE OBLIGATED .— 
The Secretary may issue a letter of intent to an applicant announcing an intention to ob-ligate, for an eligible project under this sub-section, an amount from future available budget authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipulated as the fi-nancial participation of the Secretary in the eligible project. When a letter is issued for an eligible project under this subsection, the amount shall be sufficient to complete at least an operable segment. 
(ii) T
REATMENT .—The issuance of a letter 
under clause (i) is deemed not to be an obli-gation under section 1108(c), 1501, or 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, or an admin-istrative commitment. 
(B) F
ULL FUNDING GRANT AGREEMENTS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (v), an eligible project shall be carried out under this subsection through a full funding grant agreement. 
(ii) C
RITERIA .—The Secretary shall enter 
into a full funding grant agreement, based the requirements of this subparagraph, with each applicant receiving assistance for an el-igible project that has received a written no-tice of approval under paragraph (5)(A)(i). 
(iii) T
ERMS .—A full funding grant agree-
ment shall— 
(I) establish the terms of participation by 
the Federal Government in the eligible project; 
(II) establish the maximum amount of Fed-
eral financial assistance for the eligible project; 
(III) include the period of time for com-
pleting construction of the eligible project, consistent with the terms of the public-pri-vate partnership agreement, even if that pe-riod extends beyond the period of an author-ization; and 
(IV) make timely and efficient manage-
ment of the eligible project easier according to the law of the United States. 
(iv) S
PECIAL FINANCIAL RULES .— (I) I N GENERAL .—A full funding grant 
agreement under this subparagraph obligates an amount of available budget authority specified in law and may include a commit-ment, contingent on amounts to be specified in law in advance for commitments under this subparagraph, to obligate an additional amount from future available budget author-ity specified in law. 
(II) S
TATEMENT OF CONTINGENT COMMIT -
MENT .—A full funding grant agreement shall 
state that the contingent commitment is not an obligation of the Federal Government. 
(III) I
NTEREST AND OTHER FINANCING  
COSTS .—Interest and other financing costs of 
efficiently carrying out a part of the eligible project within a reasonable time are a cost of carrying out the eligible project under a full funding grant agreement, except that el-igible costs may not be more than the cost of the most favorable financing terms reason-ably available for the eligible project at the time of borrowing. The applicant shall cer-tify, in a way satisfactory to the Secretary, that the applicant has shown reasonable dili-gence in seeking the most favorable financ-ing terms. 
(IV) C
OMPLETION OF OPERABLE SEGMENT .— 
The amount stipulated in an agreement under this subparagraph for a new fixed guideway capital project, core capacity im-provement project, or small start project shall be sufficient to complete at least an op-erable segment. 
(v) E
XCEPTION .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, to the 
maximum extent practicable, shall provide Federal assistance under this subsection for a small start project in a single grant. If the Secretary cannot provide such a single grant, the Secretary may execute an expe-dited grant agreement in order to include a commitment on the part of the Secretary to provide funding for the project in future fis-cal years. 
(II) T
ERMS OF EXPEDITED GRANT AGREE -
MENTS .—In executing an expedited grant 
agreement under this clause, the Secretary may include in the agreement terms similar to those established under clause (iii). 
(C) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNTS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter 
into full funding grant agreements under this paragraph for eligible projects that con-tain contingent commitments to incur obli-gations in such amounts as the Secretary de-termines are appropriate. 
(ii) A
PPROPRIATION REQUIRED .—An obliga-
tion may be made under this paragraph only when amounts are appropriated for obliga-tion. 
(D) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days be-
fore the date on which the Secretary issues a letter of intent or enters into a full funding grant agreement for an eligible project under this paragraph, the Secretary shall notify, in writing, the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of the proposed let-ter of intent or full funding grant agreement. 
(ii) C
ONTENTS .—The written notification 
under clause (i) shall include a copy of the proposed letter of intent or full funding grant agreement for the eligible project. 
(9) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF NET CAPITAL  
PROJECT COST .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant for an eligible 
project shall not exceed 25 percent of the net capital project cost. 
(B) R
EMAINDER OF NET CAPITAL PROJECT  
COST.—The remainder of the net capital 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5961 July 27, 2015 
project cost shall be provided from an undis-
tributed cash surplus, a replacement or de-preciation cash fund or reserve, or new cap-ital. 
(C) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.—Nothing in this subsection shall be 
construed as authorizing the Secretary to re-quire a non-Federal financial commitment for a project that is more than 75 percent of the net capital project cost. 
(D) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ROLLING STOCK  
COSTS .—In addition to amounts allowed pur-
suant to subparagraph (A), a planned exten-sion to a fixed guideway system may include the cost of rolling stock previously pur-chased if the applicant satisfies the Sec-retary that only amounts other than amounts provided by the Federal Govern-ment were used and that the purchase was made for use on the extension. A refund or reduction of the remainder may be made 
only if a refund of a proportional amount of the grant of the Federal Government is made at the same time. 
(E) F
AILURE TO CARRY OUT PROJECT .—If an 
applicant does not carry out an eligible project for reasons within the control of the applicant, the applicant shall repay all Fed-eral funds awarded for the eligible project from all Federal funding sources, for all eli-gible project activities, facilities, and equip-ment, plus reasonable interest and penalty charges allowable by law. 
(F) C
REDITING OF FUNDS RECEIVED .—Any 
funds received by the Federal Government under this paragraph, other than interest and penalty charges, shall be credited to the appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived. 
(10) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An amount made avail-
able for an eligible project shall remain available to that eligible project for 5 fiscal years, including the fiscal year in which the amount is made available. Any amounts that are unobligated to the eligible project at the end of the 5-fiscal-year period may be used by the Secretary for any purpose under this subsection. 
(B) U
SE OF DEOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .—An 
amount available under this subsection that is deobligated may be used for any purpose under this subsection. 
(11) A
NNUAL REPORT ON EXPEDITED PROJECT  
DELIVERY FOR CAPITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .— 
Not later than the first Monday in February of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that in-cludes a proposed amount to be available to finance grants for anticipated projects under this subsection. 
(12) B
EFORE AND AFTER STUDY AND RE -
PORT .— 
(A) S TUDY REQUIRED .—Each recipient shall 
conduct a study that— 
(i) describes and analyzes the impacts of 
the eligible project on public transportation services and public transportation ridership; 
(ii) describes and analyzes the consistency 
of predicted and actual benefits and costs of the innovative project development and de-livery methods or innovative financing for the eligible project; and 
(iii) identifies reasons for any differences 
between predicted and actual outcomes for the eligible project. 
(B) S
UBMISSION OF REPORT .—Not later than 
2 years after an eligible project that is se-lected under this subsection begins revenue operations, the recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report on the results of the study conducted under subparagraph (A). (13) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to— 
(A) require the privatization of the oper-
ation or maintenance of any project for which an applicant seeks funding under this subsection; 
(B) revise the determinations by local poli-
cies, criteria, and decisionmaking under sec-tion 5306(a) of title 49, United States Code; 
(C) alter the requirements for locally de-
veloped, coordinated, and implemented transportation plans under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 49, United States Code; or 
(D) alter the eligibilities or priorities for 
assistance under this subsection or section 5309 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 21007. MOBILITY OF SENIORS AND INDIVID-
UALS WITH DISABILITIES. 
(a) C OORDINATION OF PUBLIC TRANSPOR -
TATION SERVICES WITHOTHER FEDERALLY AS-
SISTED LOCAL TRANSPORTATION SERVICES .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
(A) the term ‘‘allocated cost model’’ means 
a method of determining the cost of trips by allocating the cost to each trip purpose served by a transportation provider in a manner that is proportional to the level of transportation service that the transpor-tation provider delivers for each trip pur-pose, to the extent permitted by applicable Federal requirements; and 
(B) the term ‘‘Council’’ means the Inter-
agency Transportation Coordinating Council on Access and Mobility established under Ex-ecutive Order 13330 (49 U.S.C. 101 note). 
(2) C
OORDINATING COUNCIL ON ACCESS AND  
MOBILITY STRATEGIC PLAN .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Council shall publish a strategic plan for the Council that— 
(A) outlines the role and responsibilities of 
each Federal agency with respect to local transportation coordination, including non- emergency medical transportation; 
(B) identifies a strategy to strengthen 
interagency collaboration; 
(C) addresses any outstanding rec-
ommendations made by the Council in the 2005 Report to the President relating to the implementation of Executive Order 13330, in-cluding— 
(i) a cost-sharing policy endorsed by the 
Council; and 
(ii) recommendations to increase participa-
tion by recipients of Federal grants in lo-cally developed, coordinated planning proc-esses; and 
(D) to the extent feasible, addresses rec-
ommendations by the Comptroller General of the United States concerning local coordi-nation of transportation services. 
(3) D
EVELOPMENT OF COST -SHARING POLICY  
IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE FEDERAL RE -
QUIREMENTS .—In establishing the cost-shar-
ing policy required under paragraph (2), the Council may consider, to the extent prac-ticable— 
(A) the development of recommended 
strategies for grantees of programs funded by members of the Council, including strate-gies for grantees of programs that fund non- emergency medical transportation, to use the cost-sharing policy in a manner that does not violate applicable Federal require-ments; and 
(B) optional incorporation of an allocated 
cost model to facilitate local coordination efforts that comply with applicable require-ments of programs funded by members of the Council, such as— 
(i) eligibility requirements; (ii) service delivery requirements; and (iii) reimbursement requirements. 
(b) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR INNOVATIVE COORDI -
NATED ACCESS AND MOBILITY .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
(A) the term ‘‘eligible project’’ has the 
meaning given the term ‘‘capital project’’ in section 5302 of title 49, United States Code; 
and 
(B) the term ‘‘eligible recipient’’ means a 
recipient or subrecipient, as those terms are defined in section 5310 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants under this subsection to eligible recipients to assist in financing in-novative projects for the transportation dis-advantaged that improve the coordination of transportation services and non-emergency medical transportation services, including— 
(A) the deployment of coordination tech-
nology; 
(B) projects that create or increase access 
to community One-Call/One-Click Centers; and 
(C) such other projects as determined by 
the Secretary. 
(3) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible recipient 
shall submit to the Secretary an application that, at a minimum, contains— 
(A) a detailed description of the eligible 
project; 
(B) an identification of all eligible project 
partners and their specific role in the eligi-ble project, including— 
(i) private entities engaged in the coordi-
nation of non-emergency medical transpor-tation services for the transportation dis-advantaged; or 
(ii) nonprofit entities engaged in the co-
ordination of non-emergency medical trans-portation services for the transportation dis-advantaged; 
(C) a description of how the eligible project 
would— 
(i) improve local coordination or access to 
coordinated transportation services; 
(ii) reduce duplication of service, if appli-
cable; and 
(iii) provide innovative solutions in the 
State or community; and 
(D) specific performance measures the eli-
gible project will use to quantify actual out-comes against expected outcomes. 
(4) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Government share of 
the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not exceed 80 per-cent. 
(B) N
ON-GOVERNMENT SHARE .—The non- 
Government share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection may be derived from in-kind contributions. 
(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes 
of this subsection, non-emergency medical transportation services shall be limited to services eligible under Federal programs other than programs authorized under chap-ter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
(c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 5310(a) 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(1) R
ECIPIENT .—The term ‘recipient’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) a designated recipient or a State that 
receives a grant under this section directly; or 
‘‘(B) a State or local governmental entity 
that operates a public transportation serv-ice.’’. 
SEC. 21008. FORMULA GRANTS FOR RURAL 
AREAS. 
Section 5311 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(1), as amended by divi-
sion G, by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) $5,000,000 for each fiscal year shall be 
distributed on a competitive basis by the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) $30,000,000 for each fiscal year shall be 
apportioned as formula grants, as provided in subsection (j).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (j)(1)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5962 July 27, 2015 
(A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking 
‘‘(as defined by the Bureau of the Census)’’ and inserting ‘‘(American Indian Areas, Alaska Native Areas, and Hawaiian Home Lands, as defined by the Bureau of the Cen-sus)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) A
LLOCATION BETWEEN MULTIPLE INDIAN  
TRIBES .—If more than 1 Indian tribe provides 
public transportation service on tribal lands in a single Tribal Statistical Area, and the Indian tribes do not determine how to allo-cate the funds apportioned under clause (iii) of subparagraph (A) between the Indian tribes, the Secretary shall allocate the funds such that each Indian tribe shall receive an amount equal to the total amount appor-tioned under such clause (iii) multiplied by the ratio of the number of annual unlinked passenger trips provided by each Indian tribe, as reported to the National Transit Database, to the total unlinked passenger trips provided by all the Indian tribes in the Tribal Statistical Area.’’. 
SEC. 21009. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, DEM-
ONSTRATION, AND DEPLOYMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5312 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘projects ’’ and inserting ‘‘ program ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), in the subsection 
heading, by striking ‘‘P ROJECTS ’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘P ROGRAM ’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘demonstration, deploy-ment, or evaluation’’ before ‘‘project that’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking the 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the deployment of low or no emission 
vehicles, zero emission vehicles, or associ-ated advanced technology.’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary may not 
make grants under this subsection for the demonstration, deployment, or evaluation of a vehicle that is in revenue service unless the Secretary determines that the project makes significant technological advance-ments in the vehicle. 
‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘direct carbon emissions’ 
means the quantity of direct greenhouse gas emissions from a vehicle, as determined by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle’ 
means— 
‘‘(i) a passenger vehicle used to provide 
public transportation that the Secretary de-termines sufficiently reduces energy con-sumption or harmful emissions, including di-rect carbon emissions, when compared to a comparable standard vehicle; or 
‘‘(ii) a zero emission vehicle used to pro-
vide public transportation; and 
‘‘(C) the term ‘zero emission vehicle’ 
means a low or no emission vehicle that pro-duces no carbon or particulate matter.’’; 
(4) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) 
as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; 
(5) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(e) L
OW OR NOEMISSION VEHICLE COMPO -
NENT ASSESSMENT .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘covered institution of high-
er education’ means an institution of higher education with which the Secretary enters into a contract or cooperative agreement, or to which the Secretary makes a grant, under paragraph (2)(B) to operate a facility des-
ignated under paragraph (2)(A); 
‘‘(B) the terms ‘direct carbon emissions’ 
and ‘low or no emission vehicle’ have the meanings given those terms in subsection (d)(6); 
‘‘(C) the term ‘institution of higher edu-
cation’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002); and 
‘‘(D) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle 
component’ means an item that is separately installed in and removable from a low or no emission vehicle. 
‘‘(2) A
SSESSING LOW OR NO EMISSION VEHICLE  
COMPONENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall des-
ignate not more than 2 facilities to conduct testing, evaluation, and analysis of low or no emission vehicle components intended for use in low or no emission vehicles. 
‘‘(B) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
enter into a contract or cooperative agree-ment with, or make a grant to, not more than 2 institutions of higher education to each operate and maintain a facility des-ignated under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An institution of 
higher education described in clause (i) shall have— 
‘‘(I) previous experience with transpor-
tation-related advanced component and vehi-cle evaluation; 
‘‘(II) laboratories capable of testing and 
evaluation; 
‘‘(III) direct access to or a partnership with 
a testing facility capable of emulating real- world circumstances in order to test low or no emission vehicle components installed on the intended vehicle; 
‘‘(IV) extensive knowledge of public-pri-
vate partnerships in the transportation sec-tor, with emphasis on development and eval-uation of materials, products, and compo-nents; 
‘‘(V) the ability to reduce costs to partners 
by leveraging existing programs to provide complementary research, development, test-ing, and evaluation; and 
‘‘(VI) the means to conduct performance 
assessments on low or no emission vehicle components based on industry standards. 
‘‘(C) F
EES.—A covered institution of higher 
education shall establish and collect fees, which shall be approved by the Secretary, for the assessment of low or no emission compo-nents at the applicable facility designated under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(D) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS TO PAY FOR  
ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary shall enter into 
a contract or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, each covered institution of higher education under which— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary shall pay 50 percent of 
the cost of assessing a low or no emission ve-hicle component at the applicable facility designated under subparagraph (A) from amounts made available to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(ii) the remaining 50 percent of such cost 
shall be paid from amounts recovered through the fees established and collected pursuant to subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(E) V
OLUNTARY TESTING .—A manufacturer 
of a low or no emission vehicle component is not required to assess the low or no emission vehicle component at a facility designated under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(F) C
OMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 5318 .—Not-
withstanding whether a low or no emission vehicle component is assessed at a facility designated under subparagraph (A), each new bus model shall comply with the require-ments under section 5318. 
‘‘(G) S
EPARATE FACILITY .—Each facility 
designated under subparagraph (A) shall be separate and distinct from the facility oper-
ated and maintained under section 5318. 
‘‘(3) L OW OR NO EMISSION VEHICLE COMPO -
NENT PERFORMANCE REPORTS .—Not later than 
2 years after the date of enactment of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall issue a report on low or no emission vehicle component assessments conducted at each facility designated under paragraph (2)(A), which shall include information related to the maintainability, reliability, perform-ance, structural integrity, efficiency, and noise of those low or no emission vehicle components. 
‘‘(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF ASSESS -
MENTS .—Each assessment conducted at a fa-
cility designated under paragraph (2)(A) shall be made publically available, including to affected industries. 
‘‘(5) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed to re-quire— 
‘‘(A) a low or no emission vehicle compo-
nent to be tested at a facility designated under paragraph (2)(A); or 
‘‘(B) the development or disclosure of a pri-
vately funded component assessment.’’; 
(6) in subsection (f), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) a list of any projects that returned 
negative results in the preceding fiscal year and an analysis of such results; and’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by 
inserting before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘based on projects in the pipeline, ongoing projects, and anticipated research efforts necessary to advance certain projects to a subsequent research phase’’; and 
(7) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) C
OOPERATIVE RESEARCH PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish— 
‘‘(A) a public transportation cooperative 
research program under this subsection; and 
‘‘(B) an independent governing board for 
the program, which shall recommend public transportation research, development, and technology transfer activities the Secretary considers appropriate. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
may make grants to, and cooperative agree-ments with, the National Academy of Sciences to carry out activities under this subsection that the Secretary determines ap-propriate. 
‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT SHARE .—If there would be 
a clear and direct financial benefit to an en-tity under a grant or contract financed under this section, the Secretary shall estab-lish a Government share consistent with that benefit.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) T ITLE 49 .—Chapter 53 of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking section 5313. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of sections for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 5312 and 5313 and inserting the following: 
‘‘5312. Research, development, demonstra-
tion, and deployment program. 
‘‘[5313. Repealed.]’’. 
SEC. 21010. PRIVATE SECTOR PARTICIPATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5315 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to alter— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5963 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(1) the eligibilities, requirements, or pri-
ority for assistance provided under this chapter; or 
‘‘(2) the requirements of section 5306(a).’’. 
(b) MAP-21 T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Sec-
tion 20013(d) of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 694) is amended by striking ‘‘5307(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘5307(b)’’. 
SEC. 21011. INNOVATIVE PROCUREMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5315 the following: 
‘‘§ 5316. Innovative procurement 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘grantee’ means a recipient or subrecipient of assistance under this chapter. 
‘‘(b) C
OOPERATIVE PROCUREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS ; GENERAL RULES .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(i) the term ‘cooperative procurement 
contract’ means a contract— 
‘‘(I) entered into between a State govern-
ment or eligible nonprofit and 1 or more ven-dors; and 
‘‘(II) under which the vendors agree to pro-
vide an option to purchase rolling stock and related equipment to multiple participants; 
‘‘(ii) the term ‘eligible nonprofit entity’ 
means— 
‘‘(I) a nonprofit entity that is not a grant-
ee; or 
‘‘(II) a consortium of entities described in 
subclause (I); 
‘‘(iii) the terms ‘lead nonprofit entity’ and 
‘lead procurement agency’ mean an eligible nonprofit entity or a State government, re-spectively, that acts in an administrative ca-pacity on behalf of each participant in a co-operative procurement contract; 
‘‘(iv) the term ‘participant’ means a grant-
ee that participates in a cooperative pro-curement contract; and 
‘‘(v) the term ‘participate’ means to pur-
chase rolling stock and related equipment under a cooperative procurement contract using assistance provided under this chapter. 
‘‘(B) G
ENERAL RULES .— 
‘‘(i) P ROCUREMENT NOT LIMITED TO INTRA -
STATE PARTICIPANTS .—A grantee may partici-
pate in a cooperative procurement contract without regard to whether the grantee is lo-cated in the same State as the parties to the contract. 
‘‘(ii) V
OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Partici-
pation by grantees in a cooperative procure-ment contract shall be voluntary. 
‘‘(iii) C
ONTRACT TERMS .—The lead procure-
ment agency or lead nonprofit entity for a cooperative procurement contract shall de-velop the terms of the contract. 
‘‘(iv) D
URATION .—A cooperative procure-
ment contract— 
‘‘(I) subject to subclauses (II) and (III), 
may be for an initial term of not more than 2 years; 
‘‘(II) may include not more than 3 optional 
extensions for terms of not more than 1 year each; and 
‘‘(III) may be in effect for a total period of 
not more than 5 years, including each exten-
sion authorized under subclause (II). 
‘‘(v) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—A lead 
procurement agency or lead nonprofit entity, as applicable, that enters into a cooperative procurement contract— 
‘‘(I) may charge the participants in the 
contract for the cost of administering, plan-ning, and providing technical assistance for the contract in an amount that is not more than 1 percent of the total value of the con-tract; and 
‘‘(II) with respect to the cost described in 
subclause (I), may incorporate the cost into the price of the contract or directly charge the participants for the cost, but not both. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE COOPERATIVE PROCUREMENT  
SCHEDULES .— ‘‘(A) A UTHORITY .—A State government 
may enter into a cooperative procurement contract with 1 or more vendors if— 
‘‘(i) the vendors agree to provide an option 
to purchase rolling stock and related equip-ment to the State government and any other participant; and 
‘‘(ii) the State government acts through-
out the term of the contract as the lead pro-curement agency. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY OF POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .—In procuring rolling stock and re-
lated equipment under a cooperative pro-curement contract under this subsection, a State government shall comply with the policies and procedures that apply to pro-curement by the State government when using non-Federal funds, to the extent that the policies and procedures are in conform-ance with applicable Federal law. 
‘‘(3) P
ILOT PROGRAM FOR NONPROFIT COOPER -
ATIVE PROCUREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish and carry out a pilot program to demonstrate the effectiveness of cooperative procurement contracts administered by non-profit entities. 
‘‘(B) D
ESIGNATION .—In carrying out the 
program under this paragraph, the Secretary shall designate not less than 1 eligible non-profit entity to enter into a cooperative pro-curement contract under which the non-profit entity acts throughout the term of the contract as the lead nonprofit entity. 
‘‘(C) N
UMBER OF ENTITIES .—The Secretary 
may designate not more than 3 geographi-cally diverse eligible nonprofit entities under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(D) N
OTICE OF INTENT TO PARTICIPATE .—At 
a time determined appropriate by the lead nonprofit entity, each participant in a coop-erative procurement contract under this paragraph shall submit to the lead nonprofit entity a nonbinding notice of intent to par-ticipate. 
‘‘(c) L
EASING ARRANGEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) C APITAL LEASE DEFINED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘capital lease’ means any agreement under which a grantee acquires the right to use rolling stock or related equipment for a specified period of time, in exchange for a periodic payment. 
‘‘(B) M
AINTENANCE .—A capital lease may 
require that the lessor provide maintenance of the rolling stock or related equipment covered by the lease. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM TO SUPPORT INNOVATIVE LEAS -
ING ARRANGEMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY .—A grantee may use as-
sistance provided under this chapter to enter into a capital lease if— 
‘‘(i) the rolling stock or related equipment 
covered under the lease is eligible for capital assistance under this chapter; and 
‘‘(ii) there is or will be no Federal interest 
in the rolling stock or related equipment covered under the lease as of the date on which the lease takes effect. 
‘‘(B) G
RANTEE REQUIREMENTS .—A grantee 
that enters into a capital lease shall— 
‘‘(i) maintain an inventory of the rolling 
stock or related equipment acquired under the lease; and 
‘‘(ii) maintain on the accounting records of 
the grantee the liability of the grantee under the lease. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE LEASE COSTS .—The costs for 
which a grantee may use assistance under this chapter, with respect to a capital lease, include— 
‘‘(i) the cost of the rolling stock or related 
equipment; 
‘‘(ii) associated financing costs, including 
interest, legal fees, and financial advisor fees; 
‘‘(iii) ancillary costs such as delivery and 
installation charges; and ‘‘(iv) maintenance costs. 
‘‘(D) T
ERMS .—A grantee shall negotiate the 
terms of any lease agreement that the grant-ee enters into. 
‘‘(E) A
PPLICABILITY OF PROCUREMENT RE -
QUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) L EASE REQUIREMENTS .—Part 639 of title 
49, Code of Federal Regulations, or any suc-cessor regulation, and implementing guid-ance applicable to leasing shall not apply to a capital lease. 
‘‘(ii) B
UY AMERICA .—The requirements 
under section 5323(j) shall apply to a capital lease. 
‘‘(3) I
NCENTIVE PROGRAM FOR CAPITAL LEAS -
ING OF ROLLING STOCK .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary shall 
carry out an incentive program for capital leasing of rolling stock (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘program’). 
‘‘(B) S
ELECTION OF PARTICIPANTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall se-
lect not less than 6 grantees to participate in the program, which shall be— 
‘‘(I) geographically diverse; and ‘‘(II) evenly distributed among grantees in 
accordance with clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) P
OPULATION SIZE .—In selecting an 
even distribution of grantees under clause (i)(II), the Secretary shall select not less than— 
‘‘(I) 2 grantees that serve rural areas; ‘‘(II) 2 grantees that serve urbanized areas 
with a population of fewer than 200,000 indi-viduals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census; and 
‘‘(III) 2 grantees that serve urbanized areas 
with a population of 200,000 or more individ-uals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census. 
‘‘(iii) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive a 
requirement under clause (ii) if an insuffi-cient number of eligible grantees of a par-ticular population size apply to participate in the program. 
‘‘(C) P
ARTICIPANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—A grantee that partici-
pates in the program shall— 
‘‘(I) enter into a capital lease for a period 
of not less than 5 years; and 
‘‘(II) replace not less than 1⁄4of the grant-
ee’s fleet through the capital lease. 
‘‘(ii) V EHICLE REQUIREMENTS .—The vehicles 
replaced under clause (i)(II), with respect to the fleet as constituted on the day before the date on which the capital lease is entered into, shall— 
‘‘(I) be the oldest vehicles in the fleet; or ‘‘(II) produce the highest quantity of direct 
greenhouse gas emissions relative to the other vehicles in the fleet, as determined by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
‘‘(iii) W
AIVER OF FEDERAL INTEREST RE -
QUIREMENTS .—If a grantee participating in 
the program seeks to replace vehicles that have a remaining Federal interest, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(I) evaluate the economic and environ-
mental benefits of waiving the Federal inter-est, as demonstrated by the grantee; 
‘‘(II) if the grantee demonstrates a net eco-
nomic or environmental benefit, grant an early disposition of the vehicles; and 
‘‘(III) publish each evaluation and final de-
termination of the Secretary under this clause in a conspicuous location on the website of the Federal Transit Administra-tion. 
‘‘(D) P
ARTICIPANT BENEFIT .—During the pe-
riod during which a capital lease described in subparagraph (C)(i)(I), entered into by a grantee participating in the program, is in effect, the limit on the Government share of operating expenses under subsection (d)(2) of section 5307, subsection (d)(2) of section 5310, or subsection (g)(2) of section 5311 shall not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5964 July 27, 2015 
apply with respect to any grant awarded to 
the grantee under the applicable section. 
‘‘(E) R EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date on which a grant-ee enters into a capital lease under the pro-gram, the grantee shall submit to the Sec-retary a report that contains— 
‘‘(i) an evaluation of the overall costs and 
benefits of leasing rolling stock; 
‘‘(ii) a cost comparison of leasing versus 
buying rolling stock; 
‘‘(iii) a comparison of the expected short- 
term and long-term maintenance costs of leasing versus buying rolling stock; and 
‘‘(iv) a projected budget showing the 
changes in overall operating and capital ex-penses due to the capital lease that the grantee entered into under the program. 
‘‘(4) I
NCENTIVE PROGRAM FOR CAPITAL LEAS -
ING OF CERTAIN ZERO EMISSION VEHICLE COM -
PONENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) the term ‘removable power source’— ‘‘(I) means a power source that is sepa-
rately installed in, and removable from, a zero emission vehicle; and 
‘‘(II) may include a battery, a fuel cell, an 
ultra-capacitor, or other advanced power source used in a zero emission vehicle; and 
‘‘(ii) the term ‘zero emission vehicle’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 5339(c). 
‘‘(B) L
EASED POWER SOURCES .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, for pur-poses of this subsection, the cost of a remov-able power source that is necessary for the operation of a zero emission vehicle shall not be treated as part of the cost of the vehicle if the removable power source is acquired using a capital lease. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE CAPITAL LEASE .—A grantee 
may acquire a removable power source by itself through a capital lease.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) T ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5315 the following: 
‘‘5316. Innovative procurement.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
5325(e)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘this subsection’’ the following: ‘‘, section 5316,’’. 
SEC. 21012. HUMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING. 
Section 5322 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the paragraph head-
ing, by striking ‘‘P
ROGRAM ESTABLISHED ’’ and 
inserting ‘‘I N GENERAL ’’; 
(B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-
graph (3); 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(2) P ROGRAMS .—A program eligible for as-
sistance under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(A) provide skills training, on-the-job 
training, and work-based learning; 
‘‘(B) offer career pathways that support 
the movement from initial or short-term em-ployment opportunities to sustainable ca-reers; 
‘‘(C) address current or projected work-
force shortages; 
‘‘(D) replicate successful workforce devel-
opment models; or 
‘‘(E) respond to such other workforce needs 
as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’; 
(D) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (i) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) give priority to minorities, women, in-
dividuals with disabilities, veterans, low-in-come populations, and other underserved 
populations.’’; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION .—A recipient of assist-
ance under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) identify the workforce needs and com-
mensurate training needs at the local level in coordination with entities such as local employers, local public transportation oper-
ators, labor union organizations, workforce development boards, State workforce agen-cies, State apprenticeship agencies (where applicable), university transportation cen-ters, community colleges, and community- based organizations representing minorities, women, disabled individuals, veterans, and low-income populations; and 
‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, conduct 
local training programs in coordination with existing local training programs supported by the Secretary, the Department of Labor (including registered apprenticeship pro-grams), and the Department of Education. 
‘‘(5) P
ROGRAM OUTCOMES .—A recipient of 
assistance under this subsection shall dem-onstrate outcomes for any program that in-cludes skills training, on-the-job training, and work-based learning, including— 
‘‘(A) the impact on reducing public trans-
portation workforce shortages in the area served; 
‘‘(B) the diversity of training participants; ‘‘(C) the number of participants obtaining 
certifications or credentials required for spe-cific types of employment; 
‘‘(D) employment outcomes, including job 
placement, job retention, and wages, using performance metrics established in consulta-tion with the Secretary and the Secretary of Labor and consistent with metrics used by programs under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.); and 
‘‘(E) to the extent practical, evidence that 
the program did not preclude workers who are participating in skills training, on-the- job training, and work-based learning from being referred to, or hired on, projects fund-ed under this chapter without regard to the length of time of their participation in the program.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph 
(4) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(4) U
SE FOR TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The 
Secretary may use not more than 1 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this section to provide technical assistance for activities and programs developed, con-ducted, and overseen under this subsection. 
‘‘(5) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not more than 0.5 per-
cent of the amounts made available to a re-cipient under sections 5307, 5337, and 5339 is available for expenditure by the recipient, with the approval of the Secretary, to pay not more than 80 percent of the cost of eligi-ble activities under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) E
XISTING PROGRAMS .—A recipient may 
use amounts made available under paragraph (A) to carry out existing local education and training programs for public transportation employees supported by the Secretary, the Department of Labor, or the Department of Education.’’. 
SEC. 21013. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
Section 5323 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (j)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking subpara-
graph (C) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) when procuring rolling stock (includ-
ing train control, communication, and trac-tion power equipment, and rolling stock pro-totypes) under this chapter— 
‘‘(i) the cost of components and subcompo-
nents produced in the United States— ‘‘(I) for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, is more 
than 60 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, is more 
than 65 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal 
year thereafter, is more than 70 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
‘‘(ii) final assembly of the rolling stock has 
occurred in the United States; or’’; 
(B) by resdesignating paragraphs (5) 
through (9) as paragraphs (7) through (11), re-spectively; 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) R
OLLING STOCK FRAMES OR CAR  
SHELLS .—In carrying out paragraph (2)(C) in 
the case of a rolling stock procurement re-ceiving assistance under this chapter in which the average cost of a rolling stock ve-hicle in the procurement is more than $300,000, if rolling stock frames or car shells are not produced in the United States, the Secretary shall include in the calculation of the domestic content of the rolling stock the cost of steel or iron used in the rolling stock frames or car shells if— 
‘‘(A) all manufacturing processes for the 
steel or iron occur in the United States; and 
‘‘(B) the amount of steel or iron used in the 
rolling stock frames or car shells is signifi-cant. 
‘‘(6) C
ERTIFICATION OF DOMESTIC SUPPLY  
AND DISCLOSURE .— 
‘‘(A) C ERTIFICATION OF DOMESTIC SUPPLY .— 
If the Secretary denies an application for a waiver under paragraph (2), the Secretary 
shall provide to the applicant a written cer-tification that— 
‘‘(i) the steel, iron, or manufactured goods, 
as applicable, (referred to in this subpara-graph as the ‘item’) is produced in the United States in a sufficient and reasonably available amount; 
‘‘(ii) the item produced in the United 
States is of a satisfactory quality; and 
‘‘(iii) includes a list of known manufactur-
ers in the United States from which the item can be obtained. 
‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE .—The Secretary shall dis-
close the waiver denial and the written cer-tification to the public in an easily identifi-able location on the website of the Depart-ment of Transportation.’’; 
(D) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘Federal Public Transportation Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Public Trans-portation Act of 2015’’; and 
(E) by inserting after paragraph (11), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(12) P
RODUCTION IN UNITED STATES .—For 
purposes of this subsection, steel and iron may be considered produced in the United States if all the manufacturing processes, except metallurgical processes involving re-finement of steel additives, took place in the United States. 
‘‘(13) D
EFINITION OF SMALL PURCHASE .—For 
purposes of determining whether a purchase qualifies for a general public interest waiver under paragraph (2)(A) of this subsection, in-cluding under any regulation promulgated under that paragraph, the term ‘small pur-chase’ means a purchase of not more than $150,000.’’; 
(2) in subsection (q)(1), by striking the sec-
ond sentence; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(s) V
ALUE CAPTURE REVENUE ELIGIBLE FOR  
LOCAL SHARE .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law, a recipient of assistance under this chapter may use the revenue gen-erated from value capture financing mecha-nisms as local matching funds for capital projects and operating costs eligible under this chapter. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5965 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(t) V ALUE ENGINEERING .—Nothing in this 
chapter shall be construed to authorize the Secretary to mandate the use of value engi-neering in projects funded under this chap-ter.’’. 
SEC. 21014. PROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT. 
Section 5327 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 
5338(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5338(h)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 5338(i)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 5338(h)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) a requirement that oversight— ‘‘(A) begin during the project development 
phase of a project, unless the Secretary finds it more appropriate to begin the oversight during another phase of the project, to maxi-mize the transportation benefits and cost savings associated with project management oversight; and 
‘‘(B) be limited to quarterly reviews of 
compliance by the recipient with the project management plan approved under subsection (b) unless the Secretary finds that the recipi-ent requires more frequent oversight because the recipient has, for 2 consecutive quarterly reviews, failed to meet the requirements of such plan and the project is at risk of going over budget or becoming behind schedule; and 
‘‘(3) a process for recipients that the Sec-
retary has found require more frequent over-sight to return to quarterly reviews for pur-poses of paragraph (2)(B).’’. 
SEC. 21015. PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SAFETY 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5329 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (E); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) minimum safety standards to ensure 
the safe operation of public transportation systems that— 
‘‘(i) are not related to performance stand-
ards for public transportation vehicles devel-oped under subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(ii) to the extent practicable, take into 
consideration— 
‘‘(I) relevant recommendations of the Na-
tional Transportation Safety Board; 
‘‘(II) best practices standards developed by 
the public transportation industry; 
‘‘(III) any minimum safety standards or 
performance criteria being implemented across the public transportation industry; and 
‘‘(IV) any additional information that the 
Secretary determines necessary and appro-priate; and’’; 
(2) in subsection (f)(2), by inserting after 
‘‘public transportation system of a recipi-ent’’ the following: ‘‘or the public transpor-tation industry generally’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘an eli-gible State, as defined in subsection (e),’’ and inserting ‘‘a recipient’’. 
(b) R
EVIEW OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION  
SAFETY STANDARDS .— 
(1) R EVIEW REQUIRED .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall commence a review of the safety standards and protocols used in rail fixed guideway public transportation sys-tems in the United States that examines the efficacy of existing standards and protocols. (B) C
ONTENTS OF REVIEW .—In conducting 
the review under this paragraph, the Sec-retary shall review— 
(i) minimum safety performance standards 
developed by the public transportation in-dustry; 
(ii) safety performance standards, prac-
tices, or protocols in use by rail fixed guide-way public transportation systems, includ-ing— 
(I) written emergency plans and procedures 
for passenger evacuations; 
(II) training programs to ensure public 
transportation personnel compliance and readiness in emergency situations; 
(III) coordination plans with local emer-
gency responders having jurisdiction over a rail fixed guideway public transportation system, including— 
(aa) emergency preparedness training, 
drills, and familiarization programs for those first responders; and 
(bb) the scheduling of regular field exer-
cises to ensure appropriate response and ef-fective radio and public safety communica-tions; 
(IV) maintenance, testing, and inspection 
programs to ensure the proper functioning of— 
(aa) tunnel, station, and vehicle ventila-
tion systems; 
(bb) signal and train control systems, 
track, mechanical systems, and other infra-structure; and 
(cc) other systems as necessary; (V) certification requirements for train 
and bus operators and control center em-ployees; 
(VI) consensus-based standards, practices, 
or protocols available to the public transpor-tation industry; and 
(VII) any other standards, practices, or 
protocols the Secretary determines appro-priate; and 
(iii) vehicle safety standards, practices, or 
protocols in use by public transportation systems, concerning— 
(I) bus design and the workstation of bus 
operators, as it relates to— 
(aa) the reduction of blindspots that con-
tribute to accidents involving pedestrians; and 
(bb) protecting bus operators from the risk 
of assault; and 
(II) scheduling fixed route bus service with 
adequate time and access for operators to use restroom facilities. 
(2) E
VALUATION .—After conducting the re-
view under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, in consultation with representatives of the public transportation industry, evaluate 
the need to establish Federal minimum pub-lic transportation safety standards, includ-ing— 
(A) standards governing worker safety; (B) standards for the operation of signals, 
track, on-track equipment, mechanical sys-tems, and control systems; and 
(C) any other areas the Secretary, in con-
sultation with the public transportation in-dustry, determines require further evalua-tion. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Upon completing the review 
and evaluation required under paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, and not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the of House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(A) findings based on the review conducted 
under paragraph (1); 
(B) the outcome of the evaluation con-
ducted under paragraph (2); 
(C) a comprehensive set of recommenda-
tions to improve the safety of the public transportation industry, including rec-ommendations for legislative changes where 
applicable; and 
(D) actions that the Secretary will take to 
address the recommendations provided under subparagraph (C), including, if necessary, the establishment of Federal minimum public transportation safety standards. 
SEC. 21016. STATE OF GOOD REPAIR GRANTS. 
Section 5337 of title 49, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the amount author-
ized or made available for a fiscal year under section 5338(a)(2)(L)— 
‘‘(A) $100,000,000 shall be made available in 
accordance with this subsection; and 
‘‘(B) 97.15 percent of the remainder shall be 
apportioned to recipients in accordance with this subsection.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘the 
provisions of’’ before ‘‘section 5336(b)(1)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
5338(a)(2)(I), 2.85 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 5338(a)(2)(L), the remainder after the ap-plication of subsection (c)(1)’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Amounts apportioned 
under this subsection may be used for any project that is an eligible project under sub-section (b)(1).’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) C APITAL PROJECTS .—A grant for a cap-
ital project under this section shall be for 80 percent of the net project cost of the project. The recipient may provide additional local matching amounts. 
‘‘(2) R
EMAINING COSTS .—The remainder of 
the net project costs shall be provided from an undistributed cash surplus, a replacement or depreciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital.’’. 
SEC. 21017. AUTHORIZATIONS. 
Section 5338 of title 49, United States Code, 
as amended by division G, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5338. Authorizations 
‘‘(a) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be available 
from the Mass Transit Account of the High-way Trust Fund to carry out sections 5305, 5307, 5310, 5311, 5312, 5314, 5318, 5322(b), 5322(d), 5335, 5337, 5339, and 5340, section 20005(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2012, and section 21007(b) of the Federal Pub-lic Transportation Act of 2015— 
‘‘(A) $9,184,747,400 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(B) $9,380,039,349 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(C) $9,685,745,744 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(D) $10,101,051,238 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(E) $10,351,763,806 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(F) $10,609,442,553 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .—Of the 
amounts made available under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) $132,020,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$134,934,342 for fiscal year 2017, $138,004,098 for fiscal year 2018, $141,328,616 for fiscal year 2019, $144,893,631 for fiscal year 2020, and $148,557,701 for fiscal year 2021 shall be avail-able to carry out section 5305; 
‘‘(B) $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 20005(b) of the Federal Public Trans-portation Act of 2012; 
‘‘(C) $4,538,905,700 for fiscal year 2016, 
$4,639,102,043 for fiscal year 2017, $4,794,641,615 for fiscal year 2018, $4,975,879,158 for fiscal year 2019, $5,101,395,710 for fiscal year 2020, and $5,230,399,804 for fiscal year 2021 shall be allocated in accordance with section 5336 to provide financial assistance for urbanized areas under section 5307; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5966 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(D) $263,466,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$269,282,012 for fiscal year 2017, $275,408,178 for fiscal year 2018, $288,264,292 for fiscal year 2019, $295,535,759 for fiscal year 2020, and $303,009,267 for fiscal year 2021 shall be avail-able to provide financial assistance for serv-ices for the enhanced mobility of seniors and individuals with disabilities under section 5310; 
‘‘(E) $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available for the pilot program for innovative coordinated access and mobility under section 21007(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015; 
‘‘(F) $619,956,000 for fiscal year 2016, 
$633,641,529 for fiscal year 2017, $648,056,873 for fiscal year 2018, $678,308,311 for fiscal year 2019, $695,418,638 for fiscal year 2020, and $713,004,385 for fiscal year 2021 shall be avail-able to provide financial assistance for rural areas under section 5311, of which not less than— 
‘‘(i) $35,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5311(c)(1); and 
‘‘(ii) $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5311(c)(2); 
‘‘(G) $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5312, of which— 
‘‘(i) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5312(e); and 
‘‘(ii) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5312(h); 
‘‘(H) $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5314; 
‘‘(I) $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available for bus test-ing under section 5318; 
‘‘(J) $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available for the na-tional transit institute under section 5322(d); 
‘‘(K) $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5335; 
‘‘(L) $2,428,342,500 for fiscal year 2016, 
$2,479,740,661 for fiscal year 2017, $2,533,879,761 for fiscal year 2018, $2,592,511,924 for fiscal year 2019, $2,655,385,537 for fiscal year 2020, and $2,720,006,127 for fiscal year 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5337; 
‘‘(M) $430,794,600 for fiscal year 2016, 
$440,304,391 for fiscal year 2017, $495,321,316 for fiscal year 2018, $585,851,498 for fiscal year 2019, $605,422,352 for fiscal year 2020, and $625,536,993 for fiscal year 2021 shall be avail-able for the bus and bus facilities program under section 5339(a); 
‘‘(N) $180,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 
and 2017, $185,000,000 for fiscal year 2018, and $190,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021 shall be available for bus and bus facilities competitive grants under sec-tion 5339(b) and no or low emission grants under section 5339(c), of which $55,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5339(c); 
‘‘(O) $533,262,600 for fiscal year 2016, 
$545,034,372 for fiscal year 2017, $557,433,904 for fiscal year 2018, $586,907,438 for fiscal year 2019, $601,712,178 for fiscal year 2020, and $616,928,276 for fiscal year 2021 shall be allo-cated in accordance with section 5340 to pro-vide financial assistance for urbanized areas under section 5307 and rural areas under sec-tion 5311; and 
‘‘(P) $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5322(b). 
‘‘(b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , DEMONSTRA -
TION, ANDDEPLOYMENT PROGRAM .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5312, other than subsections (e) and (h) of that section, $20,000,000 for each of fis-
cal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STANDARDS  
DEVELOPMENT .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out section 5314, $7,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(d) H
UMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out subsections (a), (b), (c), and (e) of section 5322, $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(e) E
MERGENCY RELIEF PROGRAM .—There 
are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out section 5324. 
‘‘(f) C
APITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .—There 
are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5309 of this title and section 21006(b) of the Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015, $2,301,785,760 for fiscal year 2016, $2,352,597,681 for fiscal year 2017, $2,406,119,278 for fiscal year 2018, $2,464,082,691 for fiscal year 2019, $2,526,239,177 for fiscal year 2020, and $2,590,122,713 for fiscal year 2021, of which $276,214,291 for fiscal year 2016, $282,311,722 for fiscal year 2017, $288,734,313 for fiscal year 2018, $295,689,923 for fiscal year 2019, $303,148,701 for fiscal year 2020, and $310,814,726 for fiscal year 2021 shall be avail-able to carry out section 21006(b) of the Fed-eral Public Transportation Act of 2015. 
‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to carry out section 5334, $115,016,543 for fiscal year 2016, $117,555,533 for fiscal year 2017, $120,229,921 for fiscal year 2018, $123,126,260 for fiscal year 2019, $126,232,120 for fiscal year 2020, and $129,424,278 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(2) S
ECTION 5329 .—Of the amounts author-
ized to be appropriated under paragraph (1), not less than $8,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5329. 
‘‘(3) S
ECTION 5326 .—Of the amounts made 
available under paragraph (2), not less than $2,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5326. 
‘‘(h) O
VERSIGHT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts made 
available to carry out this chapter for a fis-cal year, the Secretary may use not more than the following amounts for the activities described in paragraph (2): 
‘‘(A) 0.5 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5305. 
‘‘(B) 0.75 percent of amounts made avail-
able to carry out section 5307. 
‘‘(C) 1 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5309. 
‘‘(D) 1 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 601 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110-432; 126 Stat. 4968). 
‘‘(E) 0.5 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5310. 
‘‘(F) 0.5 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5311. 
‘‘(G) 1 percent of amounts made available 
to carry out section 5337, of which not less than 0.25 percent shall be available to carry out section 5329. 
‘‘(H) 0.75 percent of amounts made avail-
able to carry out section 5339. 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities described 
in this paragraph are as follows: 
‘‘(A) Activities to oversee the construction 
of a major capital project. 
‘‘(B) Activities to review and audit the 
safety and security, procurement, manage-ment, and financial compliance of a recipi-ent or subrecipient of funds under this chap-ter. 
‘‘(C) Activities to provide technical assist-
ance generally, and to provide technical as-sistance to correct deficiencies identified in compliance reviews and audits carried out under this section. ‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .—The 
Government shall pay the entire cost of car-rying out a contract under this subsection. 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF CERTAIN FUNDS .— 
Funds made available under paragraph (1)(C) shall be made available to the Secretary be-fore allocating the funds appropriated to carry out any project under a full funding grant agreement. 
‘‘(i) G
RANTS AS CONTRACTUAL OBLIGA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS FINANCED FROM HIGHWAY TRUST  
FUND .—A grant or contract that is approved 
by the Secretary and financed with amounts made available from the Mass Transit Ac-count of the Highway Trust Fund pursuant to this section is a contractual obligation of the Government to pay the Government share of the cost of the project. 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS FINANCED FROM GENERAL  
FUND .—A grant or contract that is approved 
by the Secretary and financed with amounts appropriated in advance from the General Fund of the Treasury pursuant to this sec-tion is a contractual obligation of the Gov-ernment to pay the Government share of the cost of the project only to the extent that amounts are appropriated for such purpose by an Act of Congress. 
‘‘(j) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts 
made available by or appropriated under this section shall remain available until ex-pended.’’. 
SEC. 21018. GRANTS FOR BUS AND BUS FACILI-
TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 49, 
United States Code, as amended by division G, is amended by striking section 5339 and inserting the following: 
‘‘§ 5339. Grants for bus and bus facilities 
‘‘(a) F
ORMULA GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle’ 
has the meaning given that term in sub-section (c)(1); 
‘‘(B) the term ‘State’ means a State of the 
United States; and 
‘‘(C) the term ‘territory’ means the Dis-
trict of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the United States Virgin Islands. 
‘‘(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants under this subsection to assist eligible recipients described in para-graph (4)(A) in financing capital projects— 
‘‘(A) to replace, rehabilitate, and purchase 
buses and related equipment, including tech-nological changes or innovations to modify low or no emissions vehicles or facilities; and 
‘‘(B) to construct bus-related facilities. ‘‘(3) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .—The require-
ments of— 
‘‘(A) section 5307 shall apply to recipients 
of grants made in urbanized areas under this subsection; and 
‘‘(B) section 5311 shall apply to recipients 
of grants made in rural areas under this sub-section. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS AND SUBRECIPI -
ENTS .— 
‘‘(A) R ECIPIENTS .—Eligible recipients under 
this subsection are— 
‘‘(i) designated recipients that allocate 
funds to fixed route bus operators; or 
‘‘(ii) State or local governmental entities 
that operate fixed route bus service. 
‘‘(B) S UBRECIPIENTS .—A recipient that re-
ceives a grant under this subsection may al-locate amounts of the grant to subrecipients that are public agencies or private nonprofit organizations engaged in public transpor-tation. 
‘‘(5) D
ISTRIBUTION OF GRANT FUNDS .—Funds 
allocated under section 5338(a)(2)(M) shall be distributed as follows: 
‘‘(A) N
ATIONAL DISTRIBUTION .—$103,000,000 
for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5967 July 27, 2015 
shall be allocated to all States and terri-
tories, with each State receiving $2,000,000 for each such fiscal year and each territory receiving $500,000 for each such fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) D
ISTRIBUTION USING POPULATION AND  
SERVICE FACTORS .—The remainder of the 
funds not otherwise distributed under sub-paragraph (A) shall be allocated pursuant to the formula set forth in section 5336 other than subsection (b). 
‘‘(6) T
RANSFERS OF APPORTIONMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) T RANSFER FLEXIBILITY FOR NATIONAL  
DISTRIBUTION FUNDS .—The Governor of a 
State may transfer any part of the State’s apportionment under paragraph (5)(A) to supplement amounts apportioned to the State under section 5311(c) of this title or amounts apportioned to urbanized areas under subsections (a) and (c) of section 5336 of this title. 
‘‘(B) T
RANSFER FLEXIBILITY FOR POPU -
LATION AND SERVICE FACTORS FUNDS .—The 
Governor of a State may expend in an urban-ized area with a population of less than 200,000 any amounts apportioned under para-graph (5)(B) that are not allocated to des-ignated recipients in urbanized areas with a population of 200,000 or more. 
‘‘(7) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) C APITAL PROJECTS .—A grant for a cap-
ital project under this subsection shall be for 80 percent of the net capital costs of the project. A recipient of a grant under this subsection may provide additional local matching amounts. 
‘‘(B) R
EMAINING COSTS .—The remainder of 
the net project cost shall be provided— 
‘‘(i) in cash from non-Government sources 
other than revenues from providing public transportation services; 
‘‘(ii) from revenues derived from the sale of 
advertising and concessions; 
‘‘(iii) from an undistributed cash surplus, a 
replacement or depreciation cash fund or re-serve, or new capital; 
‘‘(iv) from amounts received under a serv-
ice agreement with a State or local social service agency or private social service orga-nization; or 
‘‘(v) from revenues generated from value 
capture financing mechanisms. 
‘‘(8) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY TO RECIPI -
ENTS .—Amounts made available under this 
subsection may be obligated by a recipient for 3 fiscal years after the fiscal year in which the amount is apportioned. Not later than 30 days after the end of the 3-fiscal-year period described in the preceding sentence, any amount that is not obligated on the last day of that period shall be added to the amount that may be apportioned under this subsection in the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) B
US AND BUSFACILITIES COMPETITIVE  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
grants under this subsection to designated recipients to assist in the financing of bus and bus facilities capital projects, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) replacing, rehabilitating, purchasing, 
or leasing buses or related equipment; and 
‘‘(B) rehabilitating, purchasing, con-
structing, or leasing bus-related facilities. 
‘‘(2) G
RANT CONSIDERATIONS .—In making 
grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider the age and condition of buses, bus fleets, related equipment, and bus-re-lated facilities. 
‘‘(3) S
TATEWIDE APPLICATIONS .—A State 
may submit a statewide application on be-half of a public agency or private nonprofit organization engaged in public transpor-tation in rural areas or other areas for which the State allocates funds. The submission of a statewide application shall not preclude the submission and consideration of any ap-plication under this subsection from other eligible recipients in an urbanized area in a 
State. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR THE SECRETARY .— 
The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) disclose all metrics and evaluation 
procedures to be used in considering grant applications under this subsection upon issuance of the notice of funding availability in the Federal Register; and 
‘‘(B) publish a summary of final scores for 
selected projects, metrics, and other evalua-tions used in awarding grants under this sub-section in the Federal Register. 
‘‘(5) R
URAL PROJECTS .—Not less 10 percent 
of the amounts made available under this subsection in a fiscal year shall be distrib-uted to projects in rural areas. 
‘‘(6) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sub-
section shall be subject to the requirements of— 
‘‘(i) section 5307 for recipients of grants 
made in urbanized areas; and 
‘‘(ii) section 5311 for recipients of grants 
made in rural areas. 
‘‘(B) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .—The 
Government share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(7) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any amounts 
made available to carry out this subsection— 
‘‘(A) shall remain available for 2 fiscal 
years after the fiscal year for which the amount is made available; and 
‘‘(B) that remain unobligated at the end of 
the period described in subparagraph (A) shall be added to the amount made available to an eligible project in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(8) L
IMITATION .—Of the amounts made 
available under this subsection, not more than 15 percent may be awarded to a single grantee. 
‘‘(c) L
OW OR NOEMISSION GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
‘‘(A) the term ‘direct carbon emissions’ 
means the quantity of direct greenhouse gas emissions from a vehicle, as determined by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; 
‘‘(B) the term ‘eligible project’ means a 
project or program of projects in an eligible area for— 
‘‘(i) acquiring low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(ii) leasing low or no emission vehicles; ‘‘(iii) acquiring low or no emission vehicles 
with a leased power source; 
‘‘(iv) constructing facilities and related 
equipment for low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(v) leasing facilities and related equip-
ment for low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(vi) constructing new public transpor-
tation facilities to accommodate low or no emission vehicles; or 
‘‘(vii) rehabilitating or improving existing 
public transportation facilities to accommo-date low or no emission vehicles; 
‘‘(C) the term ‘leased power source’ means 
a removable power source, as defined in para-graph (4)(A) of section 5316(c), that is made available through a capital lease under that section; 
‘‘(D) the term ‘low or no emission bus’ 
means a bus that is a low or no emission ve-hicle; 
‘‘(E) the term ‘low or no emission vehicle’ 
means— 
‘‘(i) a passenger vehicle used to provide 
public transportation that the Secretary de-termines sufficiently reduces energy con-sumption or harmful emissions, including di-rect carbon emissions, when compared to a comparable standard vehicle; or 
‘‘(ii) a zero emission vehicle used to pro-
vide public transportation; 
‘‘(F) the term ‘recipient’ means a des-
ignated recipient, a local governmental au-thority, or a State that receives a grant under this subsection for an eligible project; 
and 
‘‘(G) the term ‘zero emission vehicle’ 
means a low or no emission vehicle that pro-duces no carbon or particulate matter. 
‘‘(2) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants to recipients to finance el-igible projects under this subsection. 
‘‘(3) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A grant under this sub-
section shall be subject to the requirements of section 5307. 
‘‘(B) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS FOR CER -
TAIN PROJECTS .—Section 5323(i) applies to eli-
gible projects carried out under this sub-section, unless the recipient requests a lower grant percentage. 
‘‘(C) C
OMBINATION OF FUNDING SOURCES .— 
‘‘(i) C OMBINATION PERMITTED .—An eligible 
project carried out under this subsection may receive funding under section 5307 or any other provision of law. 
‘‘(ii) G
OVERNMENT SHARE .—Nothing in this 
subparagraph shall be construed to alter the Government share required under paragraph (7), section 5307, or any other provision of law. 
‘‘(4) C
OMPETITIVE PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(A) not later than 30 days after the date 
on which amounts are made available for ob-ligation under this subsection for a full fis-cal year, solicit grant applications for eligi-ble projects on a competitive basis; and 
‘‘(B) award a grant under this subsection 
based on the solicitation under subparagraph (A) not later than the earlier of— 
‘‘(i) 75 days after the date on which the so-
licitation expires; or 
‘‘(ii) the end of the fiscal year in which the 
Secretary solicited the grant applications. 
‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION .—In awarding grants 
under this subsection, the Secretary shall only consider eligible projects relating to the acquisition or leasing of low or no emis-sion buses that— 
‘‘(A) make greater reductions in energy 
consumption and harmful emissions, includ-ing direct carbon emissions, than com-parable standard buses or other low or no emission buses; and 
‘‘(B) are part of a long-term integrated 
fleet management plan for the recipient. 
‘‘(6) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Any amounts 
made available to carry out this subsection— 
‘‘(A) shall remain available to an eligible 
project for 2 fiscal years after the fiscal year for which the amount is made available; and 
‘‘(B) that remain unobligated at the end of 
the period described in subparagraph (A) shall be added to the amount made available to an eligible project in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(7) G
OVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Federal share of the 
cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(B) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Fed-
eral share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection may be de-rived from in-kind contributions.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 53 of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5339 and inserting the following: 
‘‘5339. Grants for bus and bus facilities.’’. 
SEC. 21019. SALARY OF FEDERAL TRANSIT AD-
MINISTRATOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5313 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Federal Transit Administrator.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5314 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Federal Transit Administrator.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5968 July 27, 2015 
first day of the first pay period beginning on 
or after the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 21020. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING 
AMENDMENTS. 
(a) C HAPTER 53 OFTITLE 49, U NITED STATES  
CODE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 53 of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking section 5319; (B) in section 5325— (i) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘at 
least two’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Federal 
Public Transportation Act of 2012’’ and in-serting ‘‘Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015’’; 
(C) in section 5336— (i) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (h)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (h)(5)’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (h), as amended by divi-
sion G— 
(I) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(1) $30,000,000 for each fiscal year shall be 
set aside to carry out section 5307(h);’’; and 
(II) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘1.5 per-
cent’’ and inserting ‘‘2 percent’’; and 
(D) in section 5340(b), by striking ‘‘section 
5338(b)(2)(M)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5338(a)(2)(O)’’. 
(2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 5319 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘[5319. Repealed.]’’. 
(b) C
HAPTER 105 OFTITLE 49, U NITED  
STATES CODE.—Section 10501(c) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking 
‘‘section 5302(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5302’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘mass transportation’’ and 
inserting ‘‘public transportation’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 5302(a)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 5302’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘mass 
transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘public trans-portation’’. 
DIVISION C—COMPREHENSIVE TRANS-
PORTATION AND CONSUMER PROTEC-TION ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 31001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Com-
prehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015.’’ 
SEC. 31002. REFERENCES TO TITLE 49, UNITED 
STATES CODE. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
wherever in this division an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amend-ment to, or repeal of, a section or other pro-vision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 31003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Subtitle A of title XXXII, sections 33103, 
34101(g), 34105, 34106, 34107, 34133, 34141, 34202, 34203, 34204, 34205, 34206, 34207, 34208, 34211, 34212, 34213, 34214, 34215, subtitles C and D of title XXXIV, and title XXXV take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
TITLE XXXI—OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY 
Subtitle A—Accelerating Project Delivery 
SEC. 31101. DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 116. Administrations; acting officers 
‘‘No person designated to serve as the act-
ing head of an administration in the depart-ment of transportation under section 3345 of 
title 5 may continue to perform the func-tions and duties of the office if the time lim-itations in section 3346 of that title would prevent the person from continuing to serve in a formal acting capacity.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 1 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 115 the following: 
‘‘116. Administrations; acting officers.’’. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendment under 
subsection (a) shall apply to any applicable office with a position designated for a Senate confirmed official. 
SEC. 31102. INFRASTRUCTURE PERMITTING IM-
PROVEMENT CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3, 
as amended by sections 31104 and 31106 of this Act, is further amended by adding after sec-tion 311 the following: 
‘‘§ 312. Interagency Infrastructure Permitting 
Improvement Center 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is established in 
the Office of the Secretary an Interagency Infrastructure Permitting Improvement Cen-ter (referred to in this section as the ‘Cen-ter’). 
‘‘(b) R
OLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) G OVERNANCE .—The Center shall report 
to the chair of the Steering Committee de-scribed in paragraph (2) to ensure that the perspectives of all member agencies are rep-resented. 
‘‘(2) I
NFRASTRUCTURE PERMITTING STEERING  
COMMITTEE .—An Infrastructure Permitting 
Steering Committee (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘Steering Committee’) is estab-lished to oversee the work of the Center. The Steering Committee shall be chaired by the Federal Chief Performance Officer in con-sultation with the Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality and shall be com-prised of Deputy-level representatives from the following departments and agencies: 
‘‘(A) The Department of Defense. ‘‘(B) The Department of the Interior. ‘‘(C) The Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(D) The Department of Commerce. ‘‘(E) The Department of Transportation. ‘‘(F) The Department of Energy. ‘‘(G) The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity. 
‘‘(H) The Environmental Protection Agen-
cy. 
‘‘(I) The Advisory Council on Historic Pres-
ervation. 
‘‘(J) The Department of the Army. ‘‘(K) The Department of Housing and 
Urban Development. 
‘‘(L) Other agencies the Chair of the Steer-
ing Committee invites to participate. 
‘‘(3) A
CTIVITIES .—The Center shall support 
the Chair of the Steering Committee and un-dertake the following: 
‘‘(A) Coordinate and support implementa-
tion of priority reform actions for Federal agency permitting and reviews for areas as defined and identified by the Steering Com-mittee. 
‘‘(B) Support modernization efforts at Fed-
eral agencies and interagency pilots for inno-vative approaches to the permitting and re-view of infrastructure projects. 
‘‘(C) Provide technical assistance and 
training to field and headquarters staff of Federal agencies on policy changes, innova-tive approaches to project delivery, and other topics as appropriate. 
‘‘(D) Identify, develop, and track metrics 
for timeliness of permit reviews, permit deci-sions, and project outcomes. 
‘‘(E) Administer and expand the use of on-
line transparency tools providing for— 
‘‘(i) tracking and reporting of metrics; ‘‘(ii) development and posting of schedules 
for permit reviews and permit decisions; and ‘‘(iii) sharing of best practices related to 
efficient project permitting and reviews. 
‘‘(F) Provide reporting to the President on 
progress toward achieving greater efficiency in permitting decisions and review of infra-structure projects and progress toward achieving better outcomes for communities and the environment. 
‘‘(G) Meet not less frequently than annu-
ally with groups or individuals representing State, Tribal, and local governments that are engaged in the infrastructure permitting process. 
‘‘(4) I
NFRASTRUCTURE SECTORS COVERED .— 
The Center shall support process improve-ments in the permitting and review of infra-structure projects in the following sectors: 
‘‘(A) Surface transportation. ‘‘(B) Aviation. ‘‘(C) Ports and waterways. ‘‘(D) Water resource projects. ‘‘(E) Renewable energy generation. ‘‘(F) Electricity transmission. ‘‘(G) Broadband. ‘‘(H) Pipelines. ‘‘(I) Other sectors, as determined by the 
Steering Committee. 
‘‘(c) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Com-prehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary, in co-ordination with the heads of other Federal agencies on the Steering Committee with re-sponsibility for the review and approval of infrastructure projects sectors described in subsection (b)(4), shall evaluate and report on— 
‘‘(A) the progress made toward aligning 
Federal reviews of such projects and the im-provement of project delivery associated with those projects; and 
‘‘(B) the effectiveness of the Center in 
achieving reduction of permitting time and project delivery time. 
‘‘(2) P
ERFORMANCE TARGETS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary of Transportation establishes per-formance measures in accordance with para-graph (1), the Secretary shall establish per-
formance targets relating to each of the measures and standards described in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015 and biennially thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that describes— 
‘‘(A) the results of the evaluation con-
ducted under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) the progress towards achieving the 
targets established under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(4) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
‘‘(A) the results of the evaluation con-
ducted under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) the progress towards achieving the 
targets established under paragraph (2).’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 3, as amended by sec-tions 31104 and 31106 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 311 the following: 
‘‘312. Interagency Infrastructure Permitting 
Improvement Center.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5969 July 27, 2015 
SEC. 31103. ACCELERATED DECISION-MAKING IN 
ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3 
is amended by inserting after section 304 the following: 
‘‘§ 304a. Accelerated decision-making in envi-
ronmental reviews 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—In preparing a final en-
vironmental impact statement under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), if the Department of Transportation, when acting as lead agency, modifies the statement in response to com-ments that are minor and are confined to factual corrections or explanations of why the comments do not warrant additional De-partmental response, the Department may write on errata sheets attached to the state-ment instead of rewriting the draft state-ment, subject to the condition that the er-rata sheets— 
‘‘(1) cite the sources, authorities, or rea-
sons that support the position of the Depart-ment; and 
‘‘(2) if appropriate, indicate the cir-
cumstances that would trigger Departmental reappraisal or further response. 
‘‘(b) I
NCORPORATION .—To the maximum ex-
tent practicable, the Department shall expe-ditiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
‘‘(1) the final environmental impact state-
ment makes substantial changes to the pro-posed action that are relevant to environ-mental or safety concerns; or 
‘‘(2) there are significant new cir-
cumstances or information relevant to envi-ronmental concerns and that bear on the proposed action or the impacts of the pro-posed action.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 3 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 304 the following: 
‘‘304a. Accelerated decision-making in envi-
ronmental reviews.’’. 
SEC. 31104. ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEW ALIGN-
MENT AND REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3 
is amended by inserting after section 309 the following: 
‘‘§ 310. Aligning Federal environmental re-
views 
‘‘(a) C
OORDINATED AND CONCURRENT ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Com-prehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Department of Transportation, in coordination with the Steering Committee described in section 312 of this title, shall develop a coordinated and concurrent environmental review and per-mitting process for transportation projects when initiating an environmental impact statement under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) (referred to in this section as ‘NEPA’). The coordinated and concurrent environ-mental review and permitting process shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the Department of Trans-
portation and Federal agencies of jurisdic-tion possess sufficient information early in the review process to determine a statement of a transportation project’s purpose and need and range of alternatives for analysis that the lead agency and agencies of jurisdic-tion will rely upon for concurrent environ-mental reviews and permitting decisions re-quired for the proposed project; 
‘‘(2) achieve early concurrence or issue res-
olution during the NEPA scoping process on the Department of Transportation’s state-ment of a project’s purpose and need and during development of the environmental impact statement on the range of alter-natives for analysis that the lead agency and 
agencies of jurisdiction will rely upon for concurrent environmental reviews and per-mitting decisions required for the proposed project absent circumstances that require re-consideration in order to meet an agency of jurisdiction’s legal obligations; and 
‘‘(3) achieve concurrence or issue resolu-
tion in an expedited manner if circumstances arise that require a reconsideration of the purpose and need or range of alternatives considered during any Federal agency’s envi-ronmental or permitting review in order to meet an agency of jurisdiction’s legal obliga-tions. 
‘‘(b) E
NVIRONMENTAL CHECKLIST .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation and Federal agen-cies of jurisdiction likely to have sub-stantive review or approval responsibilities on transportation projects, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Com-prehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, shall jointly develop a checklist to help project sponsors identify potential natural, cultural, and historic re-sources in the area of a proposed project. The purpose of the checklist is— 
‘‘(1) to identify agencies of jurisdiction and 
cooperating agencies, 
‘‘(2) to develop the information needed for 
the purpose and need and alternatives for analysis; and 
‘‘(3) to improve interagency collaboration 
to help expedite the permitting process for the lead agency and Federal agencies of ju-risdiction. 
‘‘(c) I
NTERAGENCY COLLABORATION .—Con-
sistent with Federal environmental statutes and the priority reform actions for Federal agency permitting and reviews defined and identified by the Steering Committee estab-lished under section 312, the Secretary shall facilitate annual interagency collaboration sessions at the appropriate jurisdictional level to coordinate business plans and facili-tate coordination of workload planning and workforce management. This engagement shall ensure agency staff is fully engaged and utilizing the flexibility of existing regula-tions, policies, and guidance and identifying additional actions to facilitate high quality, efficient, and targeted environmental re-views and permitting decisions. The sessions and the interagency collaborations they gen-erate shall focus on how to work with State and local transportation entities to improve project planning, siting, and application quality and how to consult and coordinate with relevant stakeholders and Federal, trib-al, State, and local representatives early in permitting processes. 
‘‘(d) P
ERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Sec-retary of Transportation, in coordination with the Steering Committee established under section 312 of this title, shall establish a program to measure and report on progress towards aligning Federal reviews as outlined in this section.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of subchapter I of chapter 3 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 309 the following: 
‘‘310. Aligning Federal environmental re-
views.’’. 
SEC. 31105. MULTIMODAL CATEGORICAL EXCLU-
SIONS. 
Section 304 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘operating authority’’ and 
inserting ‘‘operating administration or sec-retarial office’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘has expertise but’’ before 
‘‘is not the lead’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘proposed multimodal’’ 
before ‘‘project’’; 
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) L
EAD AUTHORITY .—The term ‘lead au-
thority’ means a Department of Transpor-tation operating administration or secre-tarial office that has the lead responsibility for a proposed multimodal project.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘has the 
meaning given the term in section 139(a) of title 23’’ and inserting ‘‘means an action by the Department of Transportation that in-volves expertise of 1 or more Department of Transportation operating administrations or secretarial offices’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘under 
this title’’ and inserting ‘‘by the Secretary of Transportation’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘a categorical exclusion 
designated under the implementing regula-tions or’’ and inserting ‘‘categorical exclu-sions designated under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) implementing’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘other components of the’’ 
and inserting ‘‘a proposed multimodal’’; 
(B) by amending paragraphs (1) and (2) to 
read as follows: 
‘‘(1) the lead authority makes a prelimi-
nary determination on the applicability of a categorical exclusion to a proposed multimodal project and notifies the cooper-ating authority of its intent to apply the co-operating authority categorical exclusion; 
‘‘(2) the cooperating authority does not ob-
ject to the lead authority’s preliminary de-termination of its applicability;’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘the lead authority deter-
mines that’’ before ‘‘the component of’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘proposed multimodal’’ 
before ‘‘project to be covered’’; and 
(D) by amending paragraph (4) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(4) the lead authority, with the concur-
rence of the cooperating authority— 
‘‘(A) follows implementing regulations or 
procedures under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) determines that the proposed 
multimodal project does not individually or cumulatively have a significant impact on the environment; and 
‘‘(C) determines that extraordinary cir-
cumstances do not exist that merit addi-tional analysis and documentation in an en-vironmental impact statement or environ-mental assessment required under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.).’’; and 
(4) by amending subsection (d) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(d) C
OOPERATING AUTHORITY EXPERTISE .— 
A cooperating authority shall provide exper-tise to the lead authority on aspects of the multimodal project in which the cooperating authority has expertise.’’. 
SEC. 31106. IMPROVING TRANSPARENCY IN ENVI-
RONMENTAL REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 3, 
as amended by section 31104 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 310 the following: 
‘‘§ 311. Improving transparency in environ-
mental reviews 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of the Com-prehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish an online platform and, in coordination with Federal agencies described in subsection (b), issue re-porting standards to make publicly available 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5970 July 27, 2015 
the status and progress with respect to com-
pliance with applicable requirements under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other Federal approval required under applicable laws for projects and activities requiring an environmental assessment or an environ-mental impact statement. 
‘‘(b) F
EDERAL AGENCY PARTICIPATION .—A 
Federal agency of jurisdiction over an ap-proval required for a project under applica-ble laws shall provide information regarding the status and progress of the approval to the online platform, consistent with the standards established under subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) A
SSIGNMENT OF RESPONSIBILITIES .—An 
entity with assigned authority for respon-sibilities under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), under section 326 or section 327 of title 23 shall be responsible for supplying project de-velopment and compliance status for all ap-plicable projects.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of subchapter I of chapter 3, as amended by section 31104 of this Act, is fur-ther amended by inserting after the item re-lating to section 310, the following: 
‘‘311. Improving transparency in environ-
mental reviews.’’. 
SEC. 31107. LOCAL TRANSPORTATION INFRA-
STRUCTURE PROGRAM. 
Section 610 of title 23, United States Code, 
is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subpara-
graph (A) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) 10 percent of the funds apportioned to 
the State for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 under each of sections 104(b)(1), 104(b)(2), and 144; and’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2005 
through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2005 
through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘section 
133(d)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 133(d)(4)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (k), by striking ‘‘2005 
through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 31108. AUTHORIZATION OF GRANTS FOR 
POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be available 
from the Mass Transit Account of the High-way Trust Fund to carry out this section $199,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to assist in fi-nancing the installation of positive train control systems. 
(b) P
ROGRAMS .—The amounts made avail-
able under subsection (a) of this section may be used to assist in financing the installation of positive train control systems through— 
(1) grants made under the rail safety tech-
nology grants program under section 20158 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) grants made under the consolidated rail 
infrastructure and safety improvements pro-gram under section 24408 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(3) funding the cost, including the subsidy 
cost or cost of credit risk premiums, of di-rect loans and loan guarantees under sec-tions 502 through 504 of the Railroad Revital-ization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). 
(c) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—The amounts 
made available under subsection (a) of this section may be used only to assist a recipi-ent of funds under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, through the programs described in subsection (b). 
(d) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to 1 percent from the amounts made available under sub-section (a) of this section for the costs of 
project management oversight of grants au-thorized under that subsection. 
(e) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed as authorizing the amounts appropriated under subsection (a) to be used for any purpose other than financ-ing the installation of positive train control systems. 
(f) G
RANTS FINANCED FROMHIGHWAY TRUST  
FUND.—A grant, contract, direct loan, or 
loan guarantee that is approved by the Sec-retary and financed with amounts made available from the Mass Transit Account of 
the Highway Trust Fund under this section is a contractual obligation of the Govern-ment to pay the Government share of the cost of the project. 
(g) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Notwith-
standing subsection (h), amounts made avail-able under this section shall remain avail-able until expended. 
(h) S
UNSET .—The Secretary of Transpor-
tation shall provide the grants, direct loans, and loan guarantees under subsection (b) by September 30, 2017. 
Subtitle B—Research 
SEC. 31201. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the followings findings: 
(1) Federal transportation research plan-
ning and coordination— 
(A) should occur within the Office of the 
Secretary; and 
(B) should be, to the extent practicable, 
multi-modal and not occur solely within the subagencies of the Department of Transpor-tation. 
(2) Managing a multi-modal research port-
folio within the Office of the Secretary will— 
(A) help identify opportunities where re-
search could be applied across modes; and 
(B) prevent duplication of efforts and waste 
of limited Federal resources. 
(3) An ombudsman for research at the De-
partment of Transportation will— 
(A) give stakeholders a formal opportunity 
to address concerns; 
(B) ensure unbiased research; and (C) improve the overall research products 
of the Department. 
(4) Increasing transparency of transpor-
tation research efforts will— 
(A) build stakeholder confidence in the 
final product; and 
(B) lead to the improved implementation 
of research findings. 
SEC. 31202. MODAL RESEARCH PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than June 15 of 
the year preceding the research fiscal year, the head of each modal administration and joint program office of the Department of Transportation shall submit a comprehen-sive annual modal research plan to the As-sistant Secretary for Research and Tech-nology of the Department of Transportation (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’). 
(b) R
EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than October 1 
of each year, the Assistant Secretary, for each plan submitted pursuant to subsection (a), shall— 
(A) review the scope of the research; and (B)(i) approve the plan; or (ii) request that the plan be revised. (2) P
UBLICATIONS .—Not later than January 
30 of each year, the Secretary shall publish each plan that has been approved under para-graph (1)(B)(i) on a public website. 
(3) R
EJECTION OF DUPLICATIVE RESEARCH EF -
FORTS .—The Assistant Secretary may not 
approve any plan submitted by the head of a modal administration or joint program office pursuant to subsection (a) if such plan dupli-cates the research efforts of any other modal administration. 
(c) F
UNDING LIMITATIONS .—No funds may 
be expended by the Department of Transpor-tation on research that has not previously 
been approved as part of a modal research plan approved by the Assistant Secretary un-less— 
(1) such research is required by an Act of 
Congress; 
(2) such research was part of a contract 
that was funded before the date of enactment of this Act; or 
(3) the Secretary of Transportation cer-
tifies to Congress that such research is nec-essary before the approval of a modal re-search plan. 
(d) D
UPLICATIVE RESEARCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), no funds may be expended by the Department of Transportation on re-search projects that the Secretary identifies as duplicative under subsection (b)(3). 
(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to— 
(A) updates to previously commissioned re-
search; 
(B) research commissioned to carry out an 
Act of Congress; or 
(C) research commissioned before the date 
of enactment of this Act. 
(e) C ERTIFICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annu-
ally certify to Congress that— 
(A) each modal research plan has been re-
viewed; and 
(B) there is no duplication of study for re-
search directed, commissioned, or conducted by the Department of Transportation. 
(2) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN .—If the Sec-
retary, after submitting a certification under paragraph (1), identifies duplication of research within the Department of Transpor-tation, the Secretary shall— 
(A) notify Congress of the duplicative re-
search; and 
(B) submit a corrective action plan to Con-
gress that will eliminate such duplicative re-search. 
SEC. 31203. CONSOLIDATED RESEARCH PRO-
SPECTUS AND STRATEGIC PLAN. 
(a) P ROSPECTUS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annu-
ally publish, on a public website, a com-prehensive prospectus on all research projects conducted by the Department of Transportation, including, to the extent practicable, research funded through Univer-sity Transportation Centers. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The prospectus published 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) include the consolidated modal re-
search plans approved under section 1302; 
(B) describe the research objectives, 
progress, and allocated funds for each re-search project; 
(C) identify research projects with multi- 
modal applications; 
(D) specify how relevant modal administra-
tions have assisted, will contribute to, or plan to use the findings from the research projects identified under paragraph (1); 
(E) identify areas in which multiple modal 
administrations are conducting research projects on similar subjects or subjects which have bearing on multiple modes; 
(F) describe the interagency and cross 
modal communication and coordination that has occurred to prevent duplication of re-search efforts within the Department of Transportation; 
(G) indicate how research is being dissemi-
nated to improve the efficiency and safety of transportation systems; 
(H) describe how agencies developed their 
research plans; and 
(I) describe the opportunities for public 
and stakeholder input. 
(b) F
UNDING REPORT .—In conjunction with 
each of the President’s annual budget re-quests under section 1105 of title 31, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5971 July 27, 2015 
States Code, the Secretary shall submit a re-
port to appropriate committees of Congress that describes— 
(1) the amount spent in the last completed 
fiscal year on transportation research and development; and 
(2) the amount proposed in the current 
budget for transportation research and de-velopment. 
(c) P
ERFORMANCE PLANS AND REPORTS .—In 
the plans and reports submitted under sec-tions 1115 and 1116 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall include— 
(1) a summary of the Federal transpor-
tation research and development activities for the previous fiscal year in each topic area; 
(2) the amount spent in each topic area; (3) a description of the extent to which the 
research and development is meeting the ex-pectations set forth in subsection (d)(3)(A); and 
(4) any amendments to the strategic plan 
developed under subsection (d). 
(d) T
RANSPORTATION RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT STRATEGIC PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
velop a 5-year transportation research and development strategic plan to guide future Federal transportation research and develop-ment activities. 
(2) C
ONSISTENCY .—The strategic plan devel-
oped under paragraph (1) shall be consistent with— 
(A) section 306 of title 5, United States 
Code; 
(B) sections 1115 and 1116 of title 31, United 
States Code; and 
(C) any other research and development 
plan within the Department of Transpor-tation. 
(3) C
ONTENTS .—The strategic plan devel-
oped under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) describe the primary purposes of the 
transportation research and development program, which shall include— 
(i) promoting safety; (ii) reducing congestion; (iii) improving mobility; (iv) preserving the existing transportation 
system; 
(v) improving the durability and extending 
the life of transportation infrastructure; and 
(vi) improving goods movement; (B) for each of the purposes referred to in 
subparagraph (A), list the primary research and development topics that the Department of Transportation intends to pursue to ac-complish that purpose, which may include— 
(i) fundamental research in the physical 
and natural sciences; 
(ii) applied research; (iii) technology research; and (iv) social science research intended for 
each topic; and 
(C) for each research and development 
topic— 
(i) identify the anticipated annual funding 
levels for the period covered by the strategic plan; and 
(ii) include any additional information the 
Department of Transportation expects to discover at the end of the period covered by the strategic plan as a result of the research and development in that topic area. 
(4) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the strategic plan developed under this section— 
(A) reflects input from a wide range of 
stakeholders; 
(B) includes and integrates the research 
and development programs of all the Depart-ment of Transportation’s modal administra-tions, including aviation, transit, rail, and maritime; and 
(C) takes into account how research and 
development by other Federal, State, private sector, and nonprofit institutions— (i) contributes to the achievement of the 
purposes identified under paragraph (3)(A); and 
(ii) avoids unnecessary duplication of such 
efforts. 
(e) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) C HAPTER 5 OF TITLE 23 .—Chapter 5 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking section 508; (B) in the table of contents, by striking the 
item relating to section 508; 
(C) in section 502— (i) in subsection (a)(9), by striking ‘‘trans-
portation research and technology develop-ment strategic plan developed under section 508’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation research and development strategic plan under sec-tion 31203 of the Comprehensive Transpor-tation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘trans-
portation research and development stra-tegic plan of the Secretary developed under section 508’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation research and development strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
(D) in section 512(b), by striking ‘‘as part of 
the transportation research and development strategic plan developed under section 508’’. 
(2) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYS -
TEMS .—Section 5205 of the Intelligent Trans-
portation Systems Act of 1998 (23 U.S.C. 502 note) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘as part 
of the Surface Transportation Research and Development Strategic Plan developed under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘as part of the transportation research and development strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
(B) in subsection (e)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘or 
the Surface Transportation Research and De-velopment Strategic Plan developed under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘or the transportation re-search and development strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transpor-tation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’. 
(3) I
NTELLIGENT TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM  
RESEARCH .—Subtitle C of title V of the Safe, 
Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Transpor-tation Equity Act: A Legacy for Users (23 U.S.C. 512 note) is amended— 
(A) in section 5305(h)(3)(A), by striking 
‘‘the strategic plan under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘the 5- year transportation research and develop-ment strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
(B) in section 5307(c)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘or 
the surface transportation research and de-velopment strategic plan developed under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘or the 5-year transportation research and development strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 31204. RESEARCH OMBUDSMAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle III is amended 
by inserting after chapter 63 the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER 65—RESEARCH OMBUDSMAN 
‘‘Sec. 
‘‘6501. Research ombudsman. 
‘‘§ 6501. Research ombudsman 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Assistant Sec-
retary for Research and Technology shall ap-point a career Federal employee to serve as Research Ombudsman. This appointment shall not diminish the authority of peer re-
view of research. 
‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Research Om-
budsman appointed under subsection (a), to the extent practicable— 
‘‘(1) shall have a background in academic 
research and a strong understanding of sound study design; 
‘‘(2) shall develop a working knowledge of 
the stakeholder communities and research needs of the transportation field; and 
‘‘(3) shall not have served as a political ap-
pointee of the Department. 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) A DDRESSING COMPLAINTS AND QUES -
TIONS .—The Research Ombudsman shall— 
‘‘(A) receive complaints and questions 
about— 
‘‘(i) significant alleged omissions, impro-
prieties, and systemic problems; and 
‘‘(ii) excessive delays of, or within, a spe-
cific research project; and 
‘‘(B) evaluate and address the complaints 
and questions described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) P ETITIONS .— 
‘‘(A) R EVIEW .—The Research Ombudsman 
shall review petitions relating to— 
‘‘(i) conflicts of interest; ‘‘(ii) the study design and methodology; ‘‘(iii) assumptions and potential bias; ‘‘(iv) the length of the study; and ‘‘(v) the composition of any data sampled. ‘‘(B) R
ESPONSE TO PETITIONS .—The Re-
search Ombudsman shall— 
‘‘(i) respond to relevant petitions within a 
reasonable period; 
‘‘(ii) identify deficiencies in the petition’s 
study design; and 
‘‘(iii) propose a remedy for such defi-
ciencies to the administrator of the modal administration responsible for completing the research project. 
‘‘(C) R
ESPONSE TO PROPOSED REMEDY .—The 
administrator of the modal administration charged with completing the research project shall respond to the proposed re-search remedy. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIRED REVIEWS .—The Research Om-
budsman shall evaluate the study plan for all statutorily required studies and reports be-fore the commencement of such studies to ensure that the research plan has an appro-priate sample size and composition to ad-dress the stated purpose of the study. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Upon the completion of 
each review under subsection (c), the Re-search Ombudsman shall— 
‘‘(A) submit a report containing the results 
of such review to— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) the head of the relevant modal admin-
istration; and 
‘‘(iii) the study or research leader; and ‘‘(B) publish such results on a public 
website, with the modal administration re-sponse required under subsection (c)(2)(C). 
‘‘(2) I
NDEPENDENCE .—Each report required 
under this section shall be provided directly to the individuals described in paragraph (1) without any comment or amendment from the Secretary, the Deputy Secretary of Transportation, the head of any modal ad-
ministration of the Department, or any other officer or employee of the Department or the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT TO INSPECTOR GENERAL .—The 
Research Ombudsman shall submit any evi-dence of misfeasance, malfeasance, waste, fraud, or abuse uncovered during a review under this section to the Inspector General for further review. 
‘‘(f) R
EMOVAL .—The Research Ombudsman 
shall be subject to adverse employment ac-tion for misconduct or good cause in accord-ance with the procedures and grounds set forth in chapter 75 of title 5.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for subtitle III 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5972 July 27, 2015 
is amended by inserting after the item relat-
ing to chapter 63 the following: 
‘‘65. Research ombudsman ................. 6501’’. 
SEC. 31205. SMART CITIES TRANSPORTATION 
PLANNING STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a study of digital technologies and in-formation technologies, including shared mobility, data, transportation network com-panies, and on-demand transportation serv-ices— 
(1) to understand the degree to which cities 
are adopting these technologies; 
(2) to assess future planning, infrastruc-
ture and investment needs; and 
(3) to provide best practices to plan for 
smart cities in which information and tech-nology are used— 
(A) to improve city operations; (B) to grow the local economy; (C) to improve response in times of emer-
gencies and natural disasters; and 
(D) to improve the lives of city residents. 
(b) C
OMPONENTS .—The study conducted 
under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) identify broad issues that influence the 
ability of the United States to plan for and invest in smart cities, including barriers to collaboration and access to scientific infor-mation; and 
(2) review how the expanded use of digital 
technologies, mobile devices, and informa-tion may— 
(A) enhance the efficiency and effective-
ness of existing transportation networks; 
(B) optimize demand management services; (C) impact low-income and other disadvan-
taged communities; 
(D) assess opportunities to share, collect, 
and use data; 
(E) change current planning and invest-
ment strategies; and 
(F) provide opportunities for enhanced co-
ordination and planning. 
(c) R
EPORTING .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish the report containing the results of the study required under sub-section (a) to a public website. 
SEC. 31206. BUREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STA-
TISTICS INDEPENDENCE. 
Section 6302 is amended by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(d) I NDEPENDENCE OF BUREAU .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall not be 
required— 
‘‘(A) to obtain the approval of any other of-
ficer or employee of the Department with re-spect to the collection or analysis of any in-formation; or 
‘‘(B) prior to publication, to obtain the ap-
proval of any other officer or employee of the United States Government with respect to the substance of any statistical technical reports or press releases lawfully prepared by the Director. 
‘‘(2) B
UDGET AUTHORITY .—The Director 
shall have a significant role in the disposi-tion and allocation of the Bureau’s author-ized budget, including— 
‘‘(A) all hiring, grants, cooperative agree-
ments, and contracts awarded by the Bureau to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(B) the disposition and allocation of 
amounts paid to the Bureau for cost-reim-bursable projects. 
‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary shall di-
rect external support functions, such as the coordination of activities involving multiple modal administrations. 
‘‘(4) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The De-
partment Chief Information Officer shall consult with the Director to ensure decisions related to information technology guarantee the protection of the confidentiality of infor-mation provided solely for statistical pur-poses, in accordance with the Confidential Information Protection and Statistical Effi-
ciency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note).’’. 
SEC. 31207. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 49 A MENDMENTS .— 
(1) A SSISTANT SECRETARIES ; GENERAL COUN -
SEL.—Section 102(e) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘5’’ and 
inserting ‘‘6’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘an 
Assistant Secretary for Research and Tech-nology,’’ before ‘‘and an Assistant Sec-retary’’. 
(2) O
FFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR  
RESEARCH AND TECHNOLOGY OF THE DEPART -
MENT OF TRANSPORTATION .—Section 112 is re-
pealed. 
(3) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 112. 
(4) R
ESEARCH CONTRACTS .—Section 330 is 
amended— 
(A) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘contracts ’’ and inserting ‘‘ activities ’’; 
(B) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘I NGEN-
ERAL .—’’ before ‘‘The Secretary’’; 
(C) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘R ESPON -
SIBILITIES .—’’ before ‘‘In carrying out’’; 
(D) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘P UBLI-
CATIONS .—’’ before ‘‘The Secretary’’; and 
(E) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) D UTIES .—The Secretary shall provide 
for the following: 
‘‘(1) Coordination, facilitation, and review 
of the Department’s research and develop-ment programs and activities. 
‘‘(2) Advancement, and research and devel-
opment, of innovative technologies, includ-ing intelligent transportation systems. 
‘‘(3) Comprehensive transportation statis-
tics research, analysis, and reporting. 
‘‘(4) Education and training in transpor-
tation and transportation-related fields. 
‘‘(5) Activities of the Volpe National 
Transportation Systems Center. 
‘‘(e) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITIES .—The Sec-
retary may— 
‘‘(1) enter into grants and cooperative 
agreements with Federal agencies, State and local government agencies, other public enti-ties, private organizations, and other per-sons— 
‘‘(A) to conduct research into transpor-
tation service and infrastructure assurance; and 
‘‘(B) to carry out other research activities 
of the Department; 
‘‘(2) carry out, on a cost-shared basis, col-
laborative research and development to en-courage innovative solutions to multimodal transportation problems and stimulate the deployment of new technology with— 
‘‘(A) non-Federal entities, including State 
and local governments, foreign governments, institutions of higher education, corpora-tions, institutions, partnerships, sole propri-etorships, and trade associations that are in-corporated or established under the laws of any State; 
‘‘(B) Federal laboratories; and ‘‘(C) other Federal agencies; and ‘‘(3) directly initiate contracts, grants, co-
operative research and development agree-ments (as defined in section 12 of the Steven-son-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a)), and other agreements to fund, and accept funds from, the Trans-portation Research Board of the National Research Council of the National Academy of Sciences, State departments of transpor-tation, cities, counties, institutions of high-er education, associations, and the agents of those entities to carry out joint transpor-tation research and technology efforts. 
‘‘(f) F
EDERAL SHARE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the Federal share of the cost of an activity carried out under subsection (e)(3) shall not exceed 50 percent. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—If the Secretary deter-
mines that the activity is of substantial pub-lic interest or benefit, the Secretary may ap-prove a greater Federal share. 
‘‘(3) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—All costs di-
rectly incurred by the non-Federal partners, including personnel, travel, facility, and hardware development costs, shall be cred-ited toward the non-Federal share of the cost of an activity described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(g) P
ROGRAM EVALUATION AND OVER-
SIGHT .—For fiscal years 2016 through 2021, 
the Secretary is authorized to expend not more than 1 and a half percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for necessary expenses for administration and operations of the Office of the Assistant Sec-retary for Research and Technology for the coordination, evaluation, and oversight of the programs administered under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(h) U
SE OF TECHNOLOGY .—The research, 
development, or use of a technology under a contract, grant, cooperative research and de-velopment agreement, or other agreement entered into under this section, including the terms under which the technology may be licensed and the resulting royalties may be distributed, shall be subject to the Ste-venson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). 
‘‘(i) W
AIVER OF ADVERTISING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 6101 of title 41 shall not 
apply to a contract, grant, or other agree-ment entered into under this section.’’. 
(5) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The item relating 
to section 330 in the table of contents of chapter 3 is amended by striking ‘‘Con-tracts’’ and inserting ‘‘Activities’’. 
(6) B
UREAU OF TRANSPORTATION STATIS -
TICS.—Section 6302(a) is amended to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There shall be within 
the Department the Bureau of Transpor-tation Statistics.’’. 
(b) T
ITLE 5 AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) P OSITIONS AT LEVEL II .—Section 5313 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security.’’. 
(2) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL III .—Section 5314 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Administrator, Research and Inno-vative Technology Administration.’’. 
(3) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL IV .—Section 5315 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(4)’’ in the undesignated item re-lating to Assistant Secretaries of Transpor-tation and inserting ‘‘(5)’’. 
(4) P
OSITIONS AT LEVEL V .—Section 5316 is 
amended by striking ‘‘Associate Deputy Sec-retary, Department of Transportation.’’. 
SEC. 31208. REPEAL OF OBSOLETE OFFICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5503 is repealed. 
(b) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of chapter 55 is amended by striking the item relating to section 5503. 
Subtitle C—Port Performance Act 
SEC. 31301. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Port 
Performance Act’’. 
SEC. 31302. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) America’s ports play a critical role in 
the Nation’s transportation supply chain network. 
(2) Reliable and efficient movement of 
goods through the Nation’s ports ensures that American goods are available to cus-tomers throughout the world. 
(3) Breakdowns in the transportation sup-
ply chain network, particularly at the Na-tion’s ports, can result in tremendous eco-nomic losses for agriculture, businesses, and retailers that rely on timely shipments. 
(4) A clear understanding of terminal and 
port productivity and throughput should help— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5973 July 27, 2015 
(A) to identify freight bottlenecks; 
(B) to indicate performance and trends 
over time; and 
(C) to inform investment decisions. 
SEC. 31303. PORT PERFORMANCE FREIGHT STA-
TISTICS PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 63 is amended by 
adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 6314. Port performance freight statistics 
program 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director shall es-
tablish, on behalf of the Secretary, a port performance statistics program to provide nationally consistent measures of perform-ance of, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) the Nation’s top 25 ports by tonnage; ‘‘(2) the Nation’s top 25 ports by 20-foot 
equivalent unit; and 
‘‘(3) the Nation’s top 25 ports by dry bulk. 
‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) P ORT CAPACITY AND THROUGHPUT .—Not 
later than January 15 of each year, the Di-rector shall submit an annual report to Con-gress that includes statistics on capacity and throughput at the ports described in sub-section (a). 
‘‘(2) P
ORT PERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The 
Director shall collect monthly port perform-ance measures for each of the United States ports referred to in subsection (a) that re-ceives Federal assistance or is subject to Federal regulation to submit an annual re-port to the Bureau of Transportation Statis-tics that includes monthly statistics on ca-pacity and throughput as applicable to the specific configuration of the port. 
‘‘(A) M
ONTHLY MEASURES .—The Director 
shall collect monthly measures, including— 
‘‘(i) the average number of lifts per hour of 
containers by crane; 
‘‘(ii) the average vessel turn time by vessel 
type; 
‘‘(iii) the average cargo or container dwell 
time; 
‘‘(iv) the average truck time at ports; ‘‘(v) the average rail time at ports; and ‘‘(vi) any additional metrics, as determined 
by the Director after receiving recommenda-tions from the working group established under subsection (c). 
‘‘(B) M
ODIFICATIONS .—The Director may 
consider a modification to a metric under subparagraph (A) if the modification meets the intent of the section. 
‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Director shall ob-
tain recommendations for— 
‘‘(A) specifications and data measurements 
for the port performance measures listed in subsection (b)(2); 
‘‘(B) additionally needed data elements for 
measuring port performance; and 
‘‘(C) a process for the Department of 
Transportation to collect timely and con-sistent data, including identifying safe-guards to protect proprietary information described in subsection (b)(2). 
‘‘(2) W
ORKING GROUP .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of the Port Performance Act, the Director shall commission a working group composed of— 
‘‘(A) operating administrations of the De-
partment of Transportation; 
‘‘(B) the Coast Guard; ‘‘(C) the Federal Maritime Commission; ‘‘(D) U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(E) the Marine Transportation System 
National Advisory Council; 
‘‘(F) the Army Corps of Engineers; ‘‘(G) the Saint Lawrence Seaway Develop-
ment Corporation; 
‘‘(H) the Advisory Committee on Supply 
Chain Competitiveness; 
‘‘(I) 1 representative from the rail indus-
try; 
‘‘(J) 1 representative from the trucking in-
dustry; ‘‘(K) 1 representative from the maritime 
shipping industry; 
‘‘(L) 1 representative from a labor organi-
zation for each industry described in sub-paragraphs (I) through (K); 
‘‘(M) 1 representative from a port author-
ity; 
‘‘(N) 1 representative from a terminal oper-
ator; 
‘‘(O) representatives of the National 
Freight Advisory Committee of the Depart-ment; and 
‘‘(P) representatives of the Transportation 
Research Board of the National Academies. 
‘‘(3) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of the Port Performance Act, the working group commissioned under this subsection shall submit its recommendations to the Director. 
‘‘(d) A
CCESS TO DATA.—The Director shall 
ensure that the statistics compiled under this section are readily accessible to the pub-lic, consistent with applicable security con-straints and confidentiality interests.’’. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN DISCLOSURES .— 
Section 6307(b)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘or section 6314(b)’’ after ‘‘section 6302(b)(3)(B)’’ each place it appears. 
(c) C
OPIES OF REPORTS .—Section 
6307(b)(2)(A) is amended by inserting ‘‘or sec-tion 6314(b)’’ after ‘‘section 6302(b)(3)(B)’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of contents for chapter 63 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘6314. Port performance freight statistics 
program.’’. 
TITLE XXXII—COMMERCIAL MOTOR 
VEHICLE AND DRIVER PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—Compliance, Safety, and 
Accountability Reform 
SEC. 32001. CORRELATION STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘Ad-ministrator’’) shall commission the National Research Council of the National Academies to conduct a study of— 
(1) the Safety Measurement System (re-
ferred to in this subtitle as ‘‘SMS’’); and 
(2) the Compliance, Safety, Accountability 
program (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘CSA program’’). 
(b) S
COPE OF STUDY .—In carrying out the 
study commissioned pursuant to subsection (a), the National Research Council— 
(1) shall analyze— (A) the accuracy with which the Behavior 
Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (referred to in this subtitle as ‘‘BASIC’’) safety measures used by SMS— 
(i) identify high risk drivers and carriers; 
and 
(ii) predict or be correlated with future 
crash risk, crash severity, or other safety in-dicators for individual drivers, motor car-riers, and the highest risk carriers; 
(B) the methodology used to calculate 
BASIC percentiles and identify carriers for enforcement, including the weights assigned to particular violations, and the tie between crash risk and specific regulatory violations, in order to accurately identify and predict future crash risk for motor carriers; 
(C) the relative value of inspection infor-
mation and roadside enforcement data; 
(D) any data collection gaps or data suffi-
ciency problems that may exist and the im-pact of those data gaps and insufficiencies on the efficacy of the CSA program; and 
(E) the accuracy of data processing; and (2) should consider— (A) whether the current SMS provides 
comparable precision and confidence for SMS alerts and percentiles for the relative crash risk of individual large and small motor carriers; (B) whether alternative systems would 
identify high risk carriers or identify high risk drivers and motor carriers more accu-rately; and 
(C) the recommendations and findings of 
the Comptroller General of the United States and the Inspector General, and independent review team reports issued before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report con-taining the results of the completed study to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; 
(3) the Inspector General of the Depart-
ment of Transportation; and 
(4) the Comptroller General of the United 
States. 
(d) C
ORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the Administrator submits a report under subsection (c) that identifies a defi-ciency or opportunity for improvement in the CSA program or in any element of SMS, the Administrator shall submit a corrective action plan to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that— 
(A) responds to the concerns highlighted 
by the report; 
(B) identifies how the Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration will address such concerns; and 
(C) provides an estimate of the cost, in-
cluding changes in staffing, enforcement, and data collection necessary to implement the recommendations. 
(2) P
ROGRAM REFORMS .—The corrective ac-
tion plan submitted under paragraph (1) shall include an implementation plan that— 
(A) includes benchmarks; (B) includes programmatic reforms, revi-
sions to regulations, or proposals for legisla-tion; and 
(C) shall be considered in any rulemaking 
by the Department of Transportation that relates to the CSA program, including the SMS data sets or analysis. 
(e) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later 
than 120 days after the Administrator issues a corrective action plan under subsection (d), the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall— 
(1) review the extent to which such plan 
implements— 
(A) recommendations contained in the re-
port submitted under subsection (c); and 
(B) recommendations issued by the Comp-
troller General or the Inspector General be-fore the date of enactment of this Act; and 
(2) submit a report to the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the responsiveness of the corrective action plan to the recommenda-tions described in paragraph (1). 
(f) F
ISCAL LIMITATION .—The Administrator 
shall carry out the study required under this section using amounts appropriated to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion and available for obligation and expend-iture as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 32002. SAFETY IMPROVEMENT METRICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
incorporate a methodology into the CSA pro-gram or establish a third-party process to allow recognition, including credit, improved score, or by establishing a safety BASIC in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5974 July 27, 2015 
SMS for safety technology, tools, programs, 
and systems approved by the Administrator through the qualification process developed under subsection (b) that exceed regulatory requirements or are used to enhance safety performance, including— 
(1) the installation of qualifying advanced 
safety equipment, such as— 
(A) collision mitigation systems; (B) lane departure warnings; (C) speed limiters; (D) electronic logging devices; (E) electronic stability control; (F) critical event recorders; and (G) strengthening rear guards and 
sideguards for underride protection; 
(2) the use of enhanced driver fitness meas-
ures that exceed current regulatory require-ments, such as— 
(A) additional new driver training; (B) enhanced and ongoing driver training; 
and 
(C) remedial driver training to address spe-
cific deficiencies as identified in roadside in-spection or enforcement reports; 
(3) the adoption of qualifying administra-
tive fleet safety management tools tech-nologies, driver performance and behavior management technologies, and programs; and 
(4) technologies and measures identified 
through the process described in subsection (c). 
(b) Q
UALIFICATION .—The Administrator, 
through a notice and comment process, shall develop technical or other performance standards for technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness meas-ures, tools, programs, or systems used by motor carriers that will qualify for credit under this section. 
(c) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—In modi-
fying the CSA program under subsection (a), 
the Administrator, through notice and com-ment, shall develop a process for identifying and reviewing other technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems used by motor carriers to improve safety perform-ance that— 
(1) provides for a petition for reviewing 
technology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measures, tools, pro-grams, or systems; 
(2) seeks input and participation from in-
dustry stakeholders, including drivers, tech-nology manufacturers, vehicle manufactur-ers, motor carriers, enforcement commu-nities, and safety advocates, and the Motor Carrier Safety Advisory Committee; and 
(3) includes technology, advanced safety 
equipment, enhanced driver fitness meas-ures, tools, programs, or systems with a date certain for future statutory or regulatory implementation. 
(d) S
AFETY IMPROVEMENT METRICS USE AND  
VERIFICATION .—The Administrator, through 
notice and comment process, shall develop a process for— 
(1) providing recognition or credit within a 
motor carrier’s SMS score for the installa-tion and use of measures in paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (a); 
(2) ensuring that the safety improvement 
metrics developed under this section are pre-sented with other SMS data; 
(3) verifying the installation or use of such 
technology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measures, tools, pro-grams, or systems; 
(4) modifying or removing recognition or 
credit upon verification of noncompliance with this section; 
(5) ensuring that the credits or recognition 
referred to in paragraph (1) reflect the safety improvement anticipated as a result of the installation or use of the specific tech-nology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measure, tool, pro-
gram, or system; 
(6) verifying the deployment and use of 
qualifying equipment or management sys-tems by a motor carrier through a certifi-cation from the vehicle manufacturer, the system or service provider, the insurance carrier, or through documents submitted by the motor carrier to the Department of Transportation; 
(7) annually reviewing the list of quali-
fying safety technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness meas-ures, tools, programs, or systems; and 
(8) removing systems mandated by law or 
regulation, or if such systems demonstrate a lack of efficacy, from the list of qualifying technologies, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measures, tools, pro-grams, or systems eligible for credit under the CSA program. 
(e) D
ISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The 
Administrator shall maintain a public website that contains information regard-ing— 
(1) the technology, advanced safety equip-
ment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems eligible for cred-it and improved scores; 
(2) any petitions for study of the tech-
nology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measures, tools, pro-grams, or systems; and 
(3) statistics and information relating to 
the use of such technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness meas-ures, tools, programs, or systems. 
(f) P
UBLIC REPORT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the establishment of the Safety Im-provement Metrics System (referred to in this section as ‘‘SIMS’’) under this section, and annually thereafter, the Administrator shall publish, on a public website, a report that identifies— 
(1) the types of technology, advanced safe-
ty equipment, enhanced driver fitness meas-ures, tools, programs, or systems that are el-igible for credit; 
(2) the number of instances in which each 
technology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measure, tool, pro-gram, or system is used; 
(3) the number of motor carriers, and a de-
scription of the carrier’s fleet size, that re-ceived recognition or credit under the modi-fied CSA program; and 
(4) the pre- and post-adoption safety per-
formance of the motor carriers described in paragraph (3). 
(g) I
MPLEMENTATION AND OVERSIGHT RE-
SPONSIBILITY .—The Administrator shall en-
sure that the activities described in sub-sections (a) through (f) of this section are not required under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act. 
(h) E
VALUATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the implementation of SIMS under this section, the Administrator shall conduct an evaluation of the effectiveness of SIMS by reviewing the impacts of SIMS on— 
(A) law enforcement, commercial drivers 
and motor carriers, and motor carrier safety; and 
(B) safety and adoption of new tech-
nologies. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 months 
after the implementation of the program, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that de-scribes— 
(A) the results of the evaluation conducted 
under paragraph (1); and 
(B) the actions the Federal Motor Carrier 
Safety Administration plans to take to mod-ify the demonstration program based on such 
results. 
(i) U
SE OF ESTIMATES OF SAFETY EF-
FECTS .—In conducting regulatory impact 
analyses for rulemakings relating to the technology, advanced safety equipment, en-hanced driver fitness measures, tools, pro-grams, or systems selected for credit under the CSA program, the Administrator, to the extent practicable, shall use the data gath-ered under this section and appropriate sta-tistical methodology, including sufficient sample sizes, composition, and appropriate comparison groups, including representative motor carriers of all sizes, to estimate the effects on safety performance and reduction in the number and severity of accidents with qualifying technology, advanced safety equipment, tools, programs, and systems. 
(j) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to provide the Ad-ministrator with additional authority to change the requirements for the operation of a commercial motor vehicle. 
SEC. 32003. DATA CERTIFICATION. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Beginning not later than 1 
day after the date of enactment of this Act, none of the analysis of violation informa-tion, enforcement prioritization, not-at-fault crashes, alerts, or the relative percentile for 
each Behavioral Analysis and Safety Im-provement Category developed through the CSA program may be made available to the general public, but violation and inspection information submitted by the States may be presented, until the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation certifies that— 
(1) any deficiencies identified in the cor-
relation study required under section 32001 have been addressed; 
(2) the corrective action plan has been im-
plemented and the concerns raised by the correlation study under section 32001 have been addressed; 
(3) the Administrator has fully imple-
mented or satisfactorily addressed the issues raised in the February 2014 GAO report enti-tled ‘‘Modifying the Compliance, Safety, Ac-countability Program Would Improve the Ability to Identify High Risk Carriers’’ (GAO–14–114), which called into question the accuracy and completeness of safety per-formance calculations; 
(4) the study required under section 32001 
has been published on a public website; and 
(5) the CSA program has been modified in 
accordance with section 32002. 
(b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF CSA A NALYSIS .— 
The enforcement prioritization, alerts, or the relative percentile for each Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Category developed through the CSA program within the SMS system may not be used for safety fitness determinations until the require-ments under subsection (a) have been satis-fied. 
(c) C
ONTINUED PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF  
DATA.—Inspection and violation information 
submitted to the Federal Motor Carrier Safe-ty Administration by commercial motor ve-hicle inspectors and qualified law enforce-ment officials shall remain available for pub-lic viewing. 
(d) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the limi-
tations set forth in subsections (a) and (b)— 
(A) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration and State and local commercial motor vehicle enforcement agencies may only use the information referred to in sub-section (a) for purposes of investigation and enforcement prioritization; 
(B) motor carriers and commercial motor 
vehicle drivers may access information re-ferred to in subsection (a) that relates di-rectly to the motor carrier or driver, respec-tively; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5975 July 27, 2015 
(C) the data analysis of motorcoach opera-
tors may be provided online, with a notation indicating that the ratings or alerts listed are not intended to imply any Federal safety rating of the carrier. 
(2) N
OTATION .—The notation described 
under paragraph (1)(C) shall include: ‘‘Read-ers should not draw conclusions about a car-rier’s overall safety condition simply based on the data displayed in this system. Unless a motor carrier has received an UNSATIS-FACTORY safety rating under part 385 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, or has otherwise been ordered to discontinue oper-ations by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, it is authorized to operate on the Nation’s roadways.’’. 
(3) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in subparagraphs 
(A) and (B) of paragraph (1) may be con-strued to restrict the official use by State enforcement agencies of the data collected by State enforcement personnel. 
(e) C
ERTIFICATION .—The certification proc-
ess described in subsection (a) shall occur concurrently with the implementation of SIMS under section 32002. 
(f) C
OMPLETION .—The Secretary shall mod-
ify the CSA program in accordance with sec-tion 32002 not later than 1 year after the date of completion of the report described in sec-tion 32001(c). 
SEC. 32004. DATA IMPROVEMENT. 
(a) F UNCTIONAL SPECIFICATIONS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall develop functional specifications to ensure the con-sistent and accurate input of data into sys-tems and databases relating to the CSA pro-gram. 
(b) F
UNCTIONALITY .—The specifications de-
veloped pursuant to subsection (a)— 
(1) shall provide for the hardcoding and 
smart logic functionality for roadside in-spection data collection systems and data-bases; and 
(2) shall be made available to public and 
private sector developers. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATA MANAGEMENT .—The 
Administrator shall ensure that internal sys-tems and databases accept and effectively manage data using uniform standards. 
(d) C
ONSULTATION WITH THE STATES .—Be-
fore implementing the functional specifica-tions described in subsection (a) or the standards described in subsection (c), the Ad-ministrator shall seek input from the State agencies responsible for enforcing section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 32005. ACCIDENT REPORT INFORMATION. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Administrator shall ini-
tiate a demonstration program that allows motor carriers and drivers to request a re-view of crashes, and the removal of crash data for use in the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s safety measurement system of crashes, and removal from any weighting, or carrier safety analysis, if the commercial motor vehicle was operated le-gally and another motorist in connection with the crash is found— 
(1) to have been driving under the influ-
ence; 
(2) to have been driving the wrong direc-
tion on a roadway; 
(3) to have struck the commercial motor 
vehicle in the rear; 
(4) to have struck the commercial motor 
vehicle which was legally stopped; 
(5) by the investigating officer or agency to 
have been responsible for the crash; or 
(6) to have committed other violations de-
termined by the Administrator. 
(b) D
OCUMENTS .—As part of a request for 
review under subsection (a), the motor car-rier or driver shall submit a copy of avail-able police reports, crash investigations, ju-dicial actions, insurance claim information, and any related court actions submitted by 
each party involved in the accident. 
(c) S
OLICITATION OF OTHER INFORMATION .— 
Following a notice and comment period, the Administrator may solicit other types of in-formation to be collected under subsection (b) to facilitate appropriate reviews under this section. 
(d) E
VALUATION .—The Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration shall review the information submitted under subsections (b) 
and (c). 
(e) R
ESULTS .—Subject to subsection (h)(2), 
the results of the review under subsection (a)— 
(1) shall be used to recalculate the motor 
carrier’s crash BASIC percentile; 
(2) if the carrier is determined not to be re-
sponsible for the crash incident, such infor-mation, shall be reflected on the website of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration; and 
(3) shall not be admitted as evidence or 
otherwise used in a civil action. 
(f) F
EESYSTEM .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator 
may establish a fee system, in accordance with section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, in which a motor carrier is charged a fee for each review of a crash requested by such motor carrier under this section. 
(2) D
ISPOSITION OF FEES .—Fees collected 
under this section— 
(A) may be credited to the Department of 
Transportation appropriations account for purpose of carrying out this section; and 
(B) shall be used to fully fund the oper-
ation of the review program authorized under this section. 
(g) R
EVIEW AND REPORT .—Not earlier than 
2 years after the establishment of the dem-onstration program under this section, the Administrator shall— 
(1) conduct a review of the internal crash 
review program to determine if other crash types should be included; and 
(2) submit a report to Congress that de-
scribes— 
(A) the number of crashes reviewed; (B) the number of crashes for which the 
commercial motor vehicle operator was de-termined not to be at fault; and 
(C) relevant information relating to the 
program, including the cost to operate the program and the fee structure established. 
(h) I
MPLEMENTATION AND OVERSIGHT RE-
SPONSIBILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
ensure that the activities described in sub-sections (a) through (d) of this section are not required under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act. 
(2) R
EVIEWS INVOLVING FATALITIES .—If a re-
view under subsection (a) involves a fatality, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall audit and certify the review prior to making any changes under subsection (e). 
SEC. 32006. POST-ACCIDENT REPORT REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene a working group— 
(1) to review the data elements of post-ac-
cident reports, for tow-away accidents in-volving commercial motor vehicles, that are reported to the Federal Government; and 
(2) to report to the Secretary its findings 
and any recommendations, including best practices for State post-accident reports to achieve the data elements described in sub-section (c). 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .—Not less than 51 percent 
of the working group should be composed of individuals representing the States or State law enforcement officials. The remaining members of the working group shall rep-resent industry, labor, safety advocates, and other interested parties. (c) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The working group 
shall consider requiring additional data ele-ments, including— 
(1) the primary cause of the accident, if the 
primary cause can be determined; 
(2) the physical characteristics of the com-
mercial motor vehicle and any other vehicle involved in the accident, including— 
(A) the vehicle configuration; (B) the gross vehicle weight if the weight 
can be readily determined; 
(C) the number of axles; and (D) the distance between axles, if the dis-
tance can be readily determined; and 
(3) any data elements that could con-
tribute to the appropriate consideration of requests under section 32005. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall— 
(1) review the findings of the working 
group; 
(2) identify the best practices for State 
post-accident reports that are reported to the Federal Government, including identi-fying the data elements that should be col-lected following a tow-away commercial motor vehicle accident; and 
(3) recommend to the States the adoption 
of new data elements to be collected fol-lowing reportable commercial motor vehicle accidents. 
SEC. 32007. RECOGNIZING EXCELLENCE IN SAFE-
TY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
establish a program to publicly recognize motor carriers and drivers whose safety records and programs exceed compliance with the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration’s safety regulations and dem-onstrate clear and outstanding safety prac-tices. 
(b) R
ESTRICTION .—The program established 
under subsection (a) may not be deemed to be an endorsement of, or a preference for, motor carriers or drivers recognized under the program. 
SEC. 32008. HIGH RISK CARRIER REVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—After the completion of 
the certification under section 32003 of this Act, and the establishment of the Safety Fit-ness Determination program, the Secretary shall ensure that a review is completed on each motor carrier that demonstrates through performance data that it poses the highest safety risk. At a minimum, a review shall be conducted whenever a motor carrier is among the highest risk carriers for 4 con-secutive months. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the completion of the certification under section 32003 of this Act and the establish-ment of the Safety Fitness Determination program, the Secretary shall post on a public website a report on the actions the Secretary has taken to comply with this section, in-cluding the number of high risk carriers identified and the high risk carriers re-viewed. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4138 
of the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Transportation Equity Act: A Legacy for Users (49 U.S.C. 31144 note) is repealed. 
Subtitle B—Transparency and Accountability 
SEC. 32201. PETITIONS FOR REGULATORY RE-
LIEF. 
(a) A PPLICATIONS FOR REGULATORY RE-
LIEF.—Notwithstanding subpart C of part 381 
of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, the Secretary shall allow an applicant rep-resenting a class or group of motor carriers to apply for a specific exemption from any provision of the regulations under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for commercial motor vehicle drivers. 
(b) R
EVIEW PROCESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish the procedures for the application for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5976 July 27, 2015 
and the review of an exemption under sub-
section (a). 
(2) P UBLICATION .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of receipt of an application for an exemption, the Secretary shall publish the application in the Federal Register and provide the public with an opportunity to comment. 
(3) P
UBLIC COMMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each application shall be 
available for public comment for a 30-day pe-riod, but the Secretary may extend the op-portunity for public comment for up to 60 days if it is a significant or complex request. 
(B) R
EVIEW .—Beginning on the date that 
the public comment period under subpara-graph (A) ends, the Secretary shall have 60 days to review all of the comments received. 
(4) D
ETERMINATION .—At the end of the 60- 
day period under paragraph (3)(B), the Sec-retary shall publish a determination in the Federal Register, including— 
(A) the reason for granting or denying the 
application; and 
(B) if the application is granted— (i) the specific class of persons eligible for 
the exemption; 
(ii) each provision of the regulations to 
which the exemption applies; and 
(iii) any conditions or limitations applied 
to the exemption. 
(5) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In making a deter-
mination whether to grant or deny an appli-cation for an exemption, the Secretary shall consider the safety impacts of the request and may provide appropriate conditions or limitations on the use of the exemption. 
(c) O
PPORTUNITY FOR RESUBMISSION .—If an 
application is denied and the applicant can reasonably address the reason for the denial, the Secretary may allow the applicant to re-submit the application. 
(d) P
ERIOD OF APPLICABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2) of this subsection and sub-section (f), each exemption granted under this section shall be valid for a period of 5 years unless the Secretary identifies a com-pelling reason for a shorter exemption pe-riod. 
(2) R
ENEWAL .—At the end of the 5-year pe-
riod under paragraph (1)— 
(A) the Secretary, at the Secretary’s dis-
cretion, may renew the exemption for an ad-ditional 5-year period; or 
(B) an applicant may apply under sub-
section (a) for a permanent exemption from each applicable provision of the regulations. 
(e) L
IMITATION .—No exemption under this 
section may be granted to or used by any motor carrier that has an unsatisfactory or conditional safety fitness determination. 
(f) P
ERMANENT EXEMPTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make 
permanent the following limited exceptions: 
(A) Department of Defense Military Sur-
face Deployment and Distribution Command transport of weapons, munitions, and sen-sitive classified cargo as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on April 16, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 20556). 
(B) Department of Energy transport of se-
curity-sensitive radioactive materials as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 22, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 35703). 
(C) Motor carriers that transport haz-
ardous materials shipments requiring secu-rity plans under regulations of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administra-tion as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on May 1, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 25004). 
(D) Perishable construction products as 
published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on April 2, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 17819). 
(E) Passenger vehicle record of duty status 
change as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 4, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 31961). (F) Transport of commercial bee hives as 
published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 19, 2018. (80 Fed. Reg. 35425). 
(G) Specialized carriers and drivers respon-
sible for transporting loads requiring special permits as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 18, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 34957). 
(H) Safe transport of livestock as published 
in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 12, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 33584). 
(2) A
DDITIONAL EXEMPTIONS .—The Sec-
retary may make any temporary exemption from any provision of the regulations under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions, for commercial motor vehicle drivers that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act permanent if the Secretary deter-mines that the permanent exemption will not degrade safety. The Secretary shall pro-vide public notice and comment on a list of the additional temporary exemptions to be made permanent under this paragraph. 
(3) R
EVOCATION OF EXEMPTIONS .—The Sec-
retary may revoke an exemption issued under this section if the Secretary can dem-onstrate that the exemption has had a nega-tive impact on safety. 
SEC. 32202. INSPECTOR STANDARDS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration shall revise the regulations under part 385 of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions, as necessary, to incorporate by ref-erence the certification standards for road-side inspectors issued by the Commercial Ve-hicle Safety Alliance. 
SEC. 32203. TECHNOLOGY IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Government Accountability Office shall con-duct a comprehensive analysis on the Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s information technology and data collection and management systems. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The study conducted 
under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) evaluate the efficacy of the existing in-
formation technology, data collection, proc-essing systems, and data management sys-tems and programs, including their inter-action with each other and their efficacy in meeting user needs; 
(2) identify any redundancies among the 
systems and programs described in para-graph (1); 
(3) explore the feasibility of consolidating 
data collection and processing systems; 
(4) evaluate the ability of the systems and 
programs described in paragraph (1) to meet the needs of— 
(A) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration, at both the headquarters and State level; 
(B) the State agencies that implement the 
Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(C) other users; (5) evaluate the adaptability of the sys-
tems and programs described in paragraph (1), in order to make necessary future changes to ensure user needs are met in an easier, timely, and more cost efficient man-ner; 
(6) investigate and make recommendations 
regarding— 
(A) deficiencies in existing data sets im-
pacting program effectiveness; and 
(B) methods to improve any and all user 
interfaces; and 
(7) evaluate the appropriate role the Fed-
eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration should take with respect to software and in-formation systems design, development, and maintenance for the purpose of improving the efficacy of the systems and programs de-
scribed in paragraph (1). 
Subtitle C—Trucking Rules Updated by 
Comprehensive and Key Safety Reform 
SEC. 32301. UPDATE ON STATUTORY REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until a final rule has been issued for each of the requirements de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (5), the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the status of a final rule for— 
(1) the minimum entry-level training re-
quirements for an individual operating a commercial motor vehicle under section 31305(c) of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) motor carrier safety fitness determina-
tions; 
(3) visibility of agricultural equipment 
under section 31601 of division C of the Mov-ing Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30111 note); 
(4) regulations to require commercial 
motor vehicles in interstate commerce and operated by a driver subject to the hours of service and record of duty status require-ments under part 395 of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, be equipped with an elec-tronic control module capable of limiting the maximum speed of the vehicle; and 
(5) any outstanding commercial motor ve-
hicle safety regulation required by law and incomplete for more than 2 years. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report under sub-
section (a) shall include a description of the work plan, an updated rulemaking timeline, current staff allocations, any resource con-straints, and any other details associated with the development of the rulemaking. 
SEC. 32302. STATUTORY RULEMAKING. 
The Administrator of the Federal Motor 
Carrier Safety Administration shall prioritize the use of Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration resources for the completion of each outstanding statutory re-quirement for a rulemaking before beginning any new rulemaking unless the Secretary certifies to Congress that there is a signifi-cant need to move forward with a new rule-making. 
SEC. 32303. GUIDANCE REFORM. 
(a) G UIDANCE .— 
(1) P OINT OF CONTACT .—Each guidance doc-
ument, other than a regulatory action, issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall have a date of publica-tion or a date of revision, as applicable, and the name and contact information of a point of contact at the Federal Motor Carrier Safe-ty Administration who can respond to ques-tions regarding the general applicability of the guidance. 
(2) P
UBLIC ACCESSIBILITY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Each guidance document 
and interpretation issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall be published on the Department of Transpor-tation’s public website on the date of issuance. 
(B) R
EDACTION .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion may redact from a guidance document or interpretation under subparagraph (A) any information that would reveal investiga-tive techniques that would compromise Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration enforcement efforts. 
(3) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 5 years 
after the date that a guidance document is published under paragraph (2) or during the comprehensive review under subsection (c), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5977 July 27, 2015 
whichever is earlier, the Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Administrator, shall re-vise the applicable regulations to incor-porate the guidance document to the extent practicable. 
(4) R
EISSUANCE .—If a guidance document is 
not incorporated into the applicable regula-tions under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall— 
(A) reissue an updated guidance document; 
and 
(B) review and reissue an updated guidance 
document every 5 years during the com-prehensive review process under subsection (c) until the date that the guidance docu-ment is removed or incorporated into the ap-plicable regulations under paragraph (3) of this subsection. 
(b) U
PDATE .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall review regulations, guidance, and enforcement policies published on the Department of Transportation’s public website to ensure the regulations, guidance, and enforcement policies are current, readily accessible to the public, and meet the stand-ards under subsection (c)(1). 
(c) R
EVIEW .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
not less than once every 5 years, the Admin-istrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall conduct a comprehen-sive review of its guidance and enforcement policies to determine whether— 
(A) the guidance and enforcement policies 
are consistent and clear; 
(B) the guidance is uniformly and consist-
ently enforceable; and 
(C) the guidance is still necessary. (2) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .—Prior to begin-
ning the review, the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register a notice and request for comment soliciting input from stakeholders on which regulations should be updated or eliminated. 
(3) P
RIORITIZATION OF OUTSTANDING PETI -
TIONS .—As part of the review under para-
graph (1), the Administrator shall prioritize consideration of each outstanding petition (as defined in section 32304(b) of this Act) submitted by a stakeholder for rulemaking. 
(4) R
EPORT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date that a review under paragraph (1) is complete, the Administrator shall pub-lish on the Department of Transportation’s public website a report detailing the review and a full inventory of guidance and enforce-ment policies. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The report under subpara-
graph (A) of this paragraph shall include a summary of the response of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to each comment received under paragraph (2) indi-cating each request the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration is granting. 
SEC. 32304. PETITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion shall— 
(1) publish on the Department of Transpor-
tation’s public website all petitions for regu-latory action submitted; 
(2) prioritize stakeholder petitions based 
on the likelihood of providing safety im-provements; 
(3) formally respond to each petition by in-
dicating whether the Administrator will ac-cept, deny, or further review, the petition not later than 180 days after the date the pe-tition is published under paragraph (1); 
(4) prioritize resulting actions consistent 
with an action’s potential to reduce crashes, improve enforcement, and reduce unneces-sary burdens; and 
(5) not later than 60 days after the date of 
receipt, publish, and update as necessary, on the Department of Transportation’s public 
website an inventory of the petitions de-scribed in paragraph (1), including any appli-cable disposition information for that peti-tion. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF PETITION .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘petition’’ means a request for new regulations, regulatory interpreta-tions or clarifications, or retrospective re-view of regulations to eliminate or modify obsolete, ineffective, or overly-burdensome rules. 
SEC. 32305. REGULATORY REFORM. 
(a) R EGULATORY IMPACT ANALYSIS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Within each regulatory 
impact analysis of a proposed or final rule issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, the Secretary shall when-ever practicable— 
(A) consider effects of the proposed or final 
rule on a carrier with differing characteris-tics; and 
(B) formulate estimates and findings on 
the best available science. 
(2) S
COPE.—To the extent feasible and ap-
propriate, and consistent with law, the anal-ysis described in paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) use data generated from a representa-
tive sample of commercial vehicle operators, motor carriers, or both, that will be covered under the proposed or final rule; and 
(B) consider effects on commercial truck 
and bus carriers of various sizes and types. 
(b) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Before promulgating a 
proposed rule under part B of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, if the proposed rule is likely to lead to the promulgation of a major rule the Secretary shall— 
(A) issue an advance notice of proposed 
rulemaking; or 
(B) determine to proceed with a negotiated 
rulemaking. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each advance notice of 
proposed rulemaking issued under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) identify the compelling public concern 
for a potential regulatory action, such as failures of private markets to protect or im-prove the safety of the public, the environ-ment, or the well-being of the American peo-ple; 
(B) identify and request public comment on 
the best available science or technical infor-mation on the need for regulatory action and on the potential regulatory alternatives; 
(C) request public comment on the benefits 
and costs of potential regulatory alter-natives reasonably likely to be included or analyzed as part of the notice of proposed rulemaking; and 
(D) request public comment on the avail-
able alternatives to direct regulation, in-cluding providing economic incentives to en-courage the desired behavior. 
(3) W
AIVER .—This subsection shall not 
apply when the Secretary, for good cause, finds (and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons for such finding in the proposed or final rule) an advance notice of proposed rulemaking impracticable, un-necessary, or contrary to the public interest. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed to limit the contents of any Advance Notice of Proposed Rule-making. 
Subtitle D—State Authorities 
SEC. 32401. EMERGENCY ROUTE WORKING 
GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a working group to determine best practices for expeditious State approval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency response and recov-ery. (2) M
EMBERS .—The working group shall in-
clude representatives from— 
(A) State highway transportation depart-
ments or agencies; 
(B) relevant modal agencies within the De-
partment of Transportation; 
(C) emergency response or recovery ex-
perts; 
(D) relevant safety groups; and (E) persons affected by special permit re-
strictions during emergency response and re-covery efforts. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In determining best 
practices under subsection (a), the working group shall consider whether— 
(1) hurdles currently exist that prevent the 
expeditious State approval for special per-mits for vehicles involved in emergency re-sponse and recovery; 
(2) it is possible to pre-identify and estab-
lish emergency routes between States through which infrastructure repair mate-rials could be delivered following a natural disaster or an emergency; 
(3) a State could pre-designate an emer-
gency route identified under paragraph (1) as a certified emergency route if a motor vehi-cle that exceeds the otherwise applicable Federal and State truck length or width lim-its may safely operate along such route dur-ing period of emergency recovery; and 
(4) an online map could be created to iden-
tify each pre-designated emergency route under paragraph (2), including information on specific limitations, obligations, and noti-fication requirements along that route. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the work-ing group shall submit to the Secretary a re-port of its findings under this section and any recommendations for the implementa-tion of the best practices for expeditious State approval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency recovery. Upon re-ceipt, the Secretary shall publish the report on a public website. 
(d) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACTEX-
EMPTION .—The Federal Advisory Committee 
Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this sec-tion. 
SEC. 32402. ADDITIONAL STATE AUTHORITY. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, any State impacted by section 4006 of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–240; 105 Stat. 2148) shall be provided the option to update the routes listed in the final list as long as the update shifts routes to divided highways or does not increase cen-terline miles by more than 5 percent and the change is expected to increase safety per-formance. 
SEC. 32403. COMMERCIAL DRIVER ACCESS. 
(a) I NTERSTATE COMPACT PILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion may establish a 6-year pilot program to study the feasibility, benefits, and safety im-pacts of allowing a licensed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 to operate a commercial motor vehicle in interstate commerce. 
(2) I
NTERSTATE COMPACTS .—The Secretary 
shall allow States, including the District of Columbia, to enter into an interstate com-pact with contiguous States to allow a li-censed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 to operate a motor vehicle across the applicable State lines. The Secretary shall approve as many as 3 interstate compacts, with no more than 4 States per compact participating in each interstate compact. 
(3) M
UTUAL RECOGNITION OF LICENSES .—A 
valid intrastate commercial driver’s licenses issued by a State participating in an inter-state compact under paragraph (2) shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5978 July 27, 2015 
recognized as valid not more than 100 air 
miles from the border of the driver’s State of licensure in each State that is participating in that interstate compact. 
(4) S
TANDARDS .—In developing an inter-
state compact under this subsection, partici-pating States shall provide for minimum li-censure standards acceptable for interstate travel under this section, which may include, for a licensed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 participating in the pilot program— 
(A) age restrictions; (B) distance from origin (measured in air 
miles); 
(C) reporting requirements; or (D) additional hours of service restrictions. (5) L
IMITATIONS .—An interstate compact 
under paragraph (2) may not permit special configuration or hazardous cargo operations to be transported by a licensed driver under the age of 21. 
(6) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec-
retary may— 
(A) prescribe such additional requirements, 
including training, for a licensed driver be-tween the ages of 18 and 21 participating in the pilot program as the Secretary considers necessary; and 
(B) provide risk mitigation restrictions 
and limitations. 
(b) A
PPROVAL .—An interstate compact 
under subsection (a)(2) may not go into ef-fect until it has been approved by the gov-ernor of each State (or the Mayor of the Dis-trict of Columbia, if applicable) that is a party to the interstate compact, after con-sultation with the Secretary of Transpor-tation and the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
(c) D
ATACOLLECTION .—The Secretary shall 
collect and analyze data relating to acci-dents (as defined in section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) in which a driv-er under the age of 21 participating in the pilot program is involved. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Beginning 3 years after the 
date the first compact is established and ap-proved, the Secretary shall submit to Con-gress a report containing the data collection and findings of the pilot program, a deter-mination of whether a licensed driver be-tween the ages of 18 and 21 can operate a commercial motor vehicle in interstate com-merce with an equivalent level of safety, and the reasons for that determination. The Sec-retary may extend the air mileage require-ments under subsection (a)(3) to expand oper-ation areas and gather additional data for analysis. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The Secretary may ter-
minate the pilot program if the data col-lected under subsection (c) indicates that drivers under the age of 21 do not operate in interstate commerce with an equivalent level of safety of those drivers age 21 and over. 
Subtitle E—Motor Carrier Safety Grant 
Consolidation 
SEC. 32501. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31101 is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of 
Transportation.’’. 
(b) T ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 31101, as amended by sub-
section (a), is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting a 
comma after ‘‘passengers’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘of 
Transportation’’. 
SEC. 32502. GRANTS TO STATES. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM .—Section 31102 is amended to read 
as follows: ‘‘§ 31102. Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Pro-
gram 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-
minister a motor carrier safety assistance program funded under section 31104. 
‘‘(b) G
OAL.—The goal of the program is to 
ensure that the Secretary, States, local gov-ernments, other political jurisdictions, fed-erally-recognized Indian tribes, and other persons work in partnership to establish pro-grams to improve motor carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety to support a safe and efficient surface transportation sys-tem— 
‘‘(1) by making targeted investments to 
promote safe commercial motor vehicle transportation, including the transportation of passengers and hazardous materials; 
‘‘(2) by investing in activities likely to 
generate maximum reductions in the number and severity of commercial motor vehicle crashes and fatalities resulting from such crashes; 
‘‘(3) by adopting and enforcing effective 
motor carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety regulations and practices consistent with Federal requirements; and 
‘‘(4) by assessing and improving statewide 
performance by setting program goals and meeting performance standards, measures, and benchmarks. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE PLANS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-
scribe procedures for a State to submit a multiple-year plan, and annual updates thereto, under which the State agrees to as-sume responsibility for improving motor car-rier safety, adopting and enforcing compat-ible regulations, standards, and orders of the Federal Government on commercial motor vehicle safety and hazardous materials transportation safety. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Secretary shall ap-
prove a plan if the Secretary determines that the plan is adequate to comply with the re-quirements of this section, and the plan— 
‘‘(A) implements performance-based activi-
ties, including deployment and maintenance of technology to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of commercial motor vehicle 
safety programs; 
‘‘(B) designates a lead State commercial 
motor vehicle safety agency responsible for administering the plan throughout the State; 
‘‘(C) contains satisfactory assurances that 
the lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agency has or will have the legal au-thority, resources, and qualified personnel necessary to enforce the regulations, stand-ards, and orders; 
‘‘(D) contains satisfactory assurances that 
the State will devote adequate resources to the administration of the plan and enforce-ment of the regulations, standards, and or-ders; 
‘‘(E) provides a right of entry and inspec-
tion to carry out the plan; 
‘‘(F) provides that all reports required 
under this section be available to the Sec-retary on request; 
‘‘(G) provides that the lead State commer-
cial motor vehicle safety agency will adopt the reporting requirements and use the forms for recordkeeping, inspections, and in-vestigations that the Secretary prescribes; 
‘‘(H) requires all registrants of commercial 
motor vehicles to demonstrate knowledge of applicable safety regulations, standards, and orders of the Federal Government and the State; 
‘‘(I) provides that the State will grant 
maximum reciprocity for inspections con-ducted under the North American Inspection Standards through the use of a nationally- accepted system that allows ready identi-fication of previously inspected commercial motor vehicles; ‘‘(J) ensures that activities described in 
subsection (h), if financed through grants to the State made under this section, will not diminish the effectiveness of the develop-ment and implementation of the programs to improve motor carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety as described in sub-section (b); 
‘‘(K) ensures that the lead State commer-
cial motor vehicle safety agency will coordi-nate the plan, data collection, and informa-tion systems with the State highway safety improvement program required under sec-tion 148(c) of title 23; 
‘‘(L) ensures participation in appropriate 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion information technology and data sys-tems and other information systems by all appropriate jurisdictions receiving Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program funding; 
‘‘(M) ensures that information is ex-
changed among the States in a timely man-ner; 
‘‘(N) provides satisfactory assurances that 
the State will undertake efforts that will emphasize and improve enforcement of State and local traffic safety laws and regulations related to commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(O) provides satisfactory assurances in 
the plan that the State will address national priorities and performance goals, including— 
‘‘(i) activities aimed at removing impaired 
commercial motor vehicle drivers from the highways of the United States through ade-quate enforcement of regulations on the use of alcohol and controlled substances and by ensuring ready roadside access to alcohol de-tection and measuring equipment; 
‘‘(ii) activities aimed at providing an ap-
propriate level of training to State motor carrier safety assistance program officers and employees on recognizing drivers im-paired by alcohol or controlled substances; and 
‘‘(iii) when conducted with an appropriate 
commercial motor vehicle inspection, crimi-nal interdiction activities, and appropriate strategies for carrying out those interdiction activities, including interdiction activities that affect the transportation of controlled substances (as defined under section 102 of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 802) and listed in part 1308 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as updated and republished from time to time) by any occupant of a commercial motor vehicle; 
‘‘(P) provides that the State has estab-
lished and dedicated sufficient resources to a program to ensure that— 
‘‘(i) the State collects and reports to the 
Secretary accurate, complete, and timely motor carrier safety data; and 
‘‘(ii) the State participates in a national 
motor carrier safety data correction system prescribed by the Secretary; 
‘‘(Q) ensures that the State will cooperate 
in the enforcement of financial responsi-bility requirements under sections 13906, 31138, and 31139 of this title, and regulations issued under these sections; 
‘‘(R) ensures consistent, effective, and rea-
sonable sanctions; 
‘‘(S) ensures that roadside inspections will 
be conducted at locations that are adequate to protect the safety of drivers and enforce-ment personnel; 
‘‘(T) provides that the State will include in 
the training manuals for the licensing exam-ination to drive both noncommercial motor vehicles and commercial motor vehicles in-formation on best practices for driving safely in the vicinity of noncommercial and com-mercial motor vehicles; 
‘‘(U) provides that the State will enforce 
the registration requirements of sections 13902 and 31134 of this title by prohibiting the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5979 July 27, 2015 
operation of any vehicle discovered to be op-
erated by a motor carrier without a registra-tion issued under those sections or to be op-erated beyond the scope of the motor car-rier’s registration; 
‘‘(V) provides that the State will conduct 
comprehensive and highly visible traffic en-forcement and commercial motor vehicle safety inspection programs in high-risk loca-tions and corridors; 
‘‘(W) except in the case of an imminent 
hazard or obvious safety hazard, ensures that an inspection of a vehicle transporting pas-sengers for a motor carrier of passengers is conducted at a station, terminal, border crossing, maintenance facility, destination, or other location where adequate food, shel-ter, and sanitation facilities are available for passengers, and reasonable accommodations are available for passengers with disabilities; 
‘‘(X) ensures that the State will transmit 
to its roadside inspectors the notice of each Federal exemption granted under section 31315(b) of this title and sections 390.23 and 390.25 of title 49 of the Code of Federal Regu-lations and provided to the State by the Sec-retary, including the name of the person granted the exemption and any terms and conditions that apply to the exemption; 
‘‘(Y) except as provided in subsection (d), 
provides that the State— 
‘‘(i) will conduct safety audits of interstate 
and, at the State’s discretion, intrastate new entrant motor carriers under section 31144(g) of this title; and 
‘‘(ii) if the State authorizes a third party 
to conduct safety audits under section 31144(g) on its behalf, the State verifies the quality of the work conducted and remains solely responsible for the management and oversight of the activities; 
‘‘(Z) provides that the State agrees to fully 
participate in the performance and registra-tion information system management under section 31106(b) not later than October 1, 2020, by complying with the conditions for participation under paragraph (3) of that sec-tion; 
‘‘(AA) provides that a State that shares a 
land border with another country— 
‘‘(i) will conduct a border commercial 
motor vehicle safety program focusing on international commerce that includes en-forcement and related projects; or 
‘‘(ii) will forfeit all funds calculated by the 
Secretary based on border-related activities if the State declines to conduct the program described in clause (i) in its plan; and 
‘‘(BB) provides that a State that meets the 
other requirements of this section and agrees to comply with the requirements established in subsection (l)(3) may fund operation and maintenance costs associated with innova-tive technology deployment under sub-section (l)(3) with Motor Carrier Safety As-sistance Program funds authorized under section 31104(a)(1). 
‘‘(3) P
UBLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary shall publish each ap-proved State multiple-year plan, and each annual update thereto, on the Department of Transportation’s public website not later than 30 days after the date the Secretary ap-proves the plan or update. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Before posting an ap-
proved State multiple-year plan or annual update under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall redact any information identi-fied by the State that, if disclosed— 
‘‘(i) would reasonably be expected to inter-
fere with enforcement proceedings; or 
‘‘(ii) would reveal enforcement techniques 
or procedures that would reasonably be ex-pected to risk circumvention of the law. 
‘‘(d) E
XCLUSION OF U.S. T ERRITORIES .—The 
requirement that a State conduct safety au-dits of new entrant motor carriers under sub-section (c)(2)(Y) does not apply to a territory 
of the United States unless required by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) I
NTRASTATE COMPATIBILITY .—The Sec-
retary shall prescribe regulations specifying tolerance guidelines and standards for ensur-
ing compatibility of intrastate commercial motor vehicle safety laws, including regula-tions, with Federal motor carrier safety reg-ulations to be enforced under subsections (b) and (c). To the extent practicable, the guide-lines and standards shall allow for maximum flexibility while ensuring a degree of uni-formity that will not diminish motor vehicle safety. 
‘‘(f) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) B ASELINE .—Except as provided under 
paragraphs (2) and (3) and in accordance with section 32508 of the Comprehensive Transpor-tation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, a State plan under subsection (c) shall pro-vide that the total expenditure of amounts of the lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agency responsible for administering the plan will be maintained at a level each fiscal year at least equal to— 
‘‘(A) the average level of that expenditure 
for fiscal years 2004 and 2005; or 
‘‘(B) the level of that expenditure for the 
year in which the Secretary implements a new allocation formula under section 32508 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015. 
‘‘(2) A
DJUSTED BASELINE AFTER FISCAL YEAR  
2017.—At the request of a State, the Secretary 
may evaluate additional documentation re-lated to the maintenance of effort and may make reasonable adjustments to the mainte-nance of effort baseline after the year in which the Secretary implements a new allo-cation formula under section 32508 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Con-sumer Protection Act of 2015, and this ad-justed baseline will replace the maintenance of effort requirement under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) W
AIVERS .—At the request of a State, 
the Secretary may waive or modify the re-quirements of this subsection for 1 fiscal year if the Secretary determines that a waiv-er or modification is reasonable, based on circumstances described by the State, to en-sure the continuation of commercial motor vehicle enforcement activities in the State. 
‘‘(4) L
EVEL OF STATE EXPENDITURES .—In es-
timating the average level of State expendi-ture under paragraph (1), the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) may allow the State to exclude State 
expenditures for Federally-sponsored dem-onstration and pilot programs and strike forces; 
‘‘(B) may allow the State to exclude ex-
penditures for activities related to border enforcement and new entrant safety audits; and 
‘‘(C) shall require the State to exclude 
State matching amounts used to receive Federal financing under section 31104. 
‘‘(g) U
SE OF UNIFIED CARRIER REGISTRATION  
FEES AGREEMENT .—Amounts generated 
under section 14504a of this title and received by a State and used for motor carrier safety purposes may be included as part of the State’s match required under section 31104 of this title or maintenance of effort required by subsection (f) of this section. 
‘‘(h) U
SE OF GRANTS TO ENFORCE OTHER  
LAWS.—When approved in the States’ plan 
under subsection (c), a State may use Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program funds re-ceived under this section— 
‘‘(1) if the activities are carried out in con-
junction with an appropriate inspection of a commercial motor vehicle to enforce Federal or State commercial motor vehicle safety regulations, for— 
‘‘(A) enforcement of commercial motor ve-
hicle size and weight limitations at loca-tions, excluding fixed weight facilities, such as near steep grades or mountainous ter-
rains, where the weight of a commercial motor vehicle can significantly affect the safe operation of the vehicle, or at ports where intermodal shipping containers enter and leave the United States; and 
‘‘(B) detection of and enforcement actions 
taken as a result of criminal activity, in-cluding the trafficking of human beings, in a commercial motor vehicle or by any occu-pant, including the operator, of the commer-cial motor vehicle; 
‘‘(2) for documented enforcement of State 
traffic laws and regulations designed to pro-mote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles, including documented en-forcement of such laws and regulations relat-ing to noncommercial motor vehicles when necessary to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles, if— 
‘‘(A) the number of motor carrier safety 
activities, including roadside safety inspec-tions, conducted in the State is maintained at a level at least equal to the average level of such activities conducted in the State in fiscal years 2004 and 2005; and 
‘‘(B) the State does not use more than 10 
percent of the basic amount the State re-ceives under a grant awarded under section 31104(a)(1) for enforcement activities relating to noncommercial motor vehicles necessary to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles unless the Secretary deter-mines that a higher percentage will result in significant increases in commercial motor 
vehicle safety; and 
‘‘(3) for the enforcement of household 
goods regulations on intrastate and inter-state carriers if the State has adopted laws or regulations compatible with the Federal household goods regulations. 
‘‘(i) E
VALUATION OF PLANS AND AWARD OF  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) A WARDS .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish criteria for the application, evaluation, and approval of State plans under this sec-tion. Subject to subsection (j), the Secretary may allocate the amounts made available under section 31104(a)(1) among the States. 
‘‘(2) O
PPORTUNITY TO CURE .—If the Sec-
retary disapproves a plan under this section, the Secretary shall give the State a written explanation of the reasons for disapproval and allow the State to modify and resubmit the plan for approval. 
‘‘(j) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, by regu-
lation, shall prescribe allocation criteria for funds made available under section 31104(a)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL ALLOCATIONS .—On October 1 of 
each fiscal year, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and after making a deduction under section 31104(c), the Secretary shall al-locate amounts made available in section 31104(a)(1) to carry out this section for the fiscal year among the States with plans ap-proved under this section in accordance with the criteria under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) E
LECTIVE ADJUSTMENTS .—Subject to 
the availability of funding and notwith-standing fluctuations in the data elements used by the Secretary to calculate the an-nual allocation amounts, after the creation of a new allocation formula under section 32508 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015 the Secretary may not make elective adjust-ments to the allocation formula that de-crease a State’s Federal funding levels by more than 3 percent in a fiscal year. The 3 percent limit shall not apply to the with-holding provisions of subsection (k). 
‘‘(k) P
LANMONITORING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—On the basis of reports 
submitted by the lead State agency respon-sible for administering an approved State plan and an investigation by the Secretary, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5980 July 27, 2015 
the Secretary shall periodically evaluate 
State implementation of and compliance with the State plan. 
‘‘(2) W
ITHHOLDING OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) D ISAPPROVAL .—If, after notice and an 
opportunity to be heard, the Secretary finds that the State plan previously approved is not being followed or has become inadequate to ensure enforcement of the regulations, standards, or orders, or the State is other-wise not in compliance with the require-ments of this section, the Secretary may withdraw approval of the plan and notify the State. The plan is no longer in effect once the State receives notice, and the Secretary shall withhold all funding under this section. 
‘‘(B) N
ONCOMPLIANCE WITHHOLDING .—In lieu 
of withdrawing approval of the plan, the Sec-retary may, after providing notice and an op-portunity to be heard, withhold funding from the State to which the State would other-wise be entitled under this section for the pe-riod of the State’s noncompliance. In exer-cising this option, the Secretary may with-hold— 
‘‘(i) up to 5 percent of funds during the fis-
cal year that the Secretary notifies the State of its noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) up to 10 percent of funds for the first 
full fiscal year of noncompliance; 
‘‘(iii) up to 25 percent of funds for the sec-
ond full fiscal year of noncompliance; and 
‘‘(iv) not more than 50 percent of funds for 
the third and any subsequent full fiscal year of noncompliance. 
‘‘(3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—A State adversely 
affected by a determination under paragraph (2) may seek judicial review under chapter 7 of title 5. Notwithstanding the disapproval of a State plan under paragraph (2)(A) or the withholding under paragraph (2)(B), the State may retain jurisdiction in an adminis-trative or a judicial proceeding that com-menced before the notice of disapproval or withholding if the issues involved are not re-lated directly to the reasons for the dis-approval or withholding. 
‘‘(l) H
IGHPRIORITY FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-
minister a high priority financial assistance program funded under section 31104 for the purposes described in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) A
CTIVITIES RELATED TO MOTOR CARRIER  
SAFETY .—The purpose of this paragraph is to 
make discretionary grants to and coopera-tive agreements with States, local govern-ments, federally-recognized Indian tribes, other political jurisdictions as necessary, and any person to carry out high priority ac-tivities and projects that augment motor carrier safety activities and projects planned in accordance with subsections (b) and (c), including activities and projects that— 
‘‘(A) increase public awareness and edu-
cation on commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(B) target unsafe driving of commercial 
motor vehicles and non-commercial motor vehicles in areas identified as high risk crash corridors; 
‘‘(C) support the enforcement of State 
household goods regulations on intrastate and interstate carriers if the State has adopted laws or regulations compatible with the Federal household good laws; 
‘‘(D) improve the safe and secure move-
ment of hazardous materials; 
‘‘(E) improve safe transportation of goods 
and persons in foreign commerce; 
‘‘(F) demonstrate new technologies to im-
prove commercial motor vehicle safety; 
‘‘(G) support participation in performance 
and registration information systems man-agement under section 31106(b)— 
‘‘(i) for entities not responsible for submit-
ting the plan under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(ii) for entities responsible for submitting 
the plan under subsection (c)— ‘‘(I) before October 1, 2020, to achieve com-
pliance with the requirements of participa-tion; and 
‘‘(II) beginning on October 1, 2020, or once 
compliance is achieved, whichever is sooner, for special initiatives or projects that exceed routine operations required for participa-tion; 
‘‘(H) conduct safety data improvement 
projects— 
‘‘(i) that complete or exceed the require-
ments under subsection (c)(2)(P) for entities not responsible for submitting the plan under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(ii) that exceed the requirements under 
subsection (c)(2)(P) for entities responsible for submitting the plan under subsection (c); and 
‘‘(I) otherwise improve commercial motor 
vehicle safety and compliance with commer-cial motor vehicle safety regulations. 
‘‘(3) I
NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY DEPLOYMENT  
GRANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish an innovative technology deploy-ment grant program to make discretionary grants funded under section 31104(a)(2) to eli-gible States for the innovative technology deployment of commercial motor vehicle in-formation systems and networks. 
‘‘(B) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the pro-
gram shall be— 
‘‘(i) to advance the technological capa-
bility and promote the deployment of intel-ligent transportation system applications for commercial motor vehicle operations, in-cluding commercial motor vehicle, commer-cial driver, and carrier-specific information systems and networks; and 
‘‘(ii) to support and maintain commercial 
motor vehicle information systems and net-works— 
‘‘(I) to link Federal motor carrier safety 
information systems with State commercial motor vehicle systems; 
‘‘(II) to improve the safety and produc-
tivity of commercial motor vehicles and drivers; and 
‘‘(III) to reduce costs associated with com-
mercial motor vehicle operations and Fed-eral and State commercial vehicle regu-latory requirements. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a 
grant under this paragraph, a State shall— 
‘‘(i) have a commercial motor vehicle in-
formation systems and networks program plan approved by the Secretary that de-scribes the various systems and networks at the State level that need to be refined, re-vised, upgraded, or built to accomplish de-ployment of commercial motor vehicle infor-
mation systems and networks capabilities; 
‘‘(ii) certify to the Secretary that its com-
mercial motor vehicle information systems and networks deployment activities, includ-ing hardware procurement, software and sys-tem development, and infrastructure modi-fications— 
‘‘(I) are consistent with the national intel-
ligent transportation systems and commer-cial motor vehicle information systems and networks architectures and available stand-ards; and 
‘‘(II) promote interoperability and effi-
ciency to the extent practicable; and 
‘‘(iii) agree to execute interoperability 
tests developed by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to verify that its sys-tems conform with the national intelligent transportation systems architecture, appli-cable standards, and protocols for commer-cial motor vehicle information systems and networks. 
‘‘(D) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grant funds may be 
used— 
‘‘(i) for deployment activities and activi-
ties to develop new and innovative advanced technology solutions that support commer-cial motor vehicle information systems and 
networks; 
‘‘(ii) for planning activities, including the 
development or updating of program or top level design plans in order to become eligible or maintain eligibility under subparagraph (C); and 
‘‘(iii) for the operation and maintenance 
costs associated with innovative technology. 
‘‘(E) S
ECRETARY AUTHORIZATION .—The Sec-
retary is authorized to award a State fund-ing for the operation, and maintenance costs associated with innovative technology de-ployment with funds made available under both sections 31104(a)(1) and 31104(a)(2) of this title.’’. 
(b) C
OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS  
GRANT PROGRAM .—Section 31103 is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31103. Commercial Motor Vehicle Opera-
tors Grant Program 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall ad-
minister a commercial motor vehicle opera-tors grant program funded under section 31104. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the grant 
program is to train individuals in the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles (as defined in section 31301).’’. 
(c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 31104 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31104. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) F INANCIAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS .— 
The following sums are authorized to be ap-propriated from the Highway Trust Fund for the following Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration Financial Assistance Pro-grams: 
‘‘(1) M
OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM .—Subject to paragraph (2) of this 
subsection and subsection (c) of this section, to carry out section 31102— 
‘‘(A) $295,636,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $301,845,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $308,183,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $314,655,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $321,263,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(2) H
IGH PRIORITY ACTIVITIES FINANCIAL  
ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .—Subject to subsection 
(c), to make grants and cooperative agree-ments under section 31102(l) of this title, the Secretary may set aside from amounts made available under paragraph (1) of this sub-section up to— 
‘‘(A) $42,323,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $43,212,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $44,119,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $45,046,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $45,992,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(3) C
OMMERCIAL MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS  
GRANT PROGRAM .—To carry out section 
31103— 
‘‘(A) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(4) C
OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PRO -
GRAM IMPLEMENTATION FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM .—Subject to subsection (c), to 
carry out section 31313— 
‘‘(A) $31,273,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(B) $31,930,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(C) $32,600,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(D) $33,285,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(E) $33,984,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(b) R
EIMBURSEMENT AND PAYMENT TO RE-
CIPIENTS FOR GOVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Amounts made available 
under subsection (a) shall be used to reim-burse financial assistance recipients propor-tionally for the Federal Government’s share of the costs incurred. 
‘‘(2) R
EIMBURSEMENT AMOUNTS .—The Sec-
retary shall reimburse a recipient, in accord-ance with a financial assistance agreement made under section 31102, 31103, or 31313, an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5981 July 27, 2015 
amount that is at least 85 percent of the 
costs incurred by the recipient in a fiscal year in developing and implementing pro-grams under these sections. The Secretary shall pay the recipient an amount not more than the Federal Government share of the total costs approved by the Federal Govern-ment in the financial assistance agreement. The Secretary shall include a recipient’s in- kind contributions in determining the reim-bursement. 
‘‘(3) V
OUCHERS .—Each recipient shall sub-
mit vouchers at least quarterly for costs the recipient incurs in developing and imple-menting programs under section 31102, 31103, or 31313. 
‘‘(c) D
EDUCTIONS FOR PARTNER TRAINING  
AND PROGRAM SUPPORT .—On October 1 of 
each fiscal year, or as soon after that date as practicable, the Secretary may deduct from amounts made available under paragraphs 
(1), (2), and (4) of subsection (a) for that fis-cal year not more than 1.50 percent of those amounts for partner training and program support in that fiscal year. The Secretary shall use at least 75 percent of those de-ducted amounts to train non-Federal Gov-ernment employees and to develop related training materials in carrying out these pro-grams. 
‘‘(d) G
RANTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS  
ASCONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS .—The approval 
of a financial assistance agreement by the Secretary under section 31102, 31103, or 31313 is a contractual obligation of the Federal Government for payment of the Federal Gov-ernment’s share of costs in carrying out the provisions of the grant or cooperative agree-ment. 
‘‘(e) E
LIGIBLE ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary 
shall establish criteria for eligible activities to be funded with financial assistance agree-ments under this section and publish those criteria in a notice of funding availability before the financial assistance program ap-plication period. 
‘‘(f) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY OF FINANCIAL  
ASSISTANCE AGREEMENT FUNDS FOR RECIPI -
ENTEXPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The period of avail-
ability for a recipient to expend a grant or cooperative agreement authorized under sub-section (a) is as follows: 
‘‘(A) For grants made for carrying out sec-
tion 31102, other than section 31102(l), for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(B) For grants or cooperative agreements 
made for carrying out section 31102(l)(2), for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next 2 fiscal years. 
‘‘(C) For grants made for carrying out sec-
tion 31102(l)(3), for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next 4 fiscal years. 
‘‘(D) For grants made for carrying out sec-
tion 31103, for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next fiscal year. 
‘‘(E) For grants or cooperative agreements 
made for carrying out 31313, for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next 4 fiscal years. 
‘‘(2) R
EOBLIGATION .—Amounts not expended 
by a recipient during the period of avail-ability shall be released back to the Sec-retary for reobligation for any purpose under sections 31102, 31103, 31104, and 31313 in ac-cordance with subsection (i) of this section. 
‘‘(g) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY ; INITIAL DATE OF  
AVAILABILITY .—Amounts authorized from 
the Highway Trust Fund by this section shall be available for obligation on the date of their apportionment or allocation or on October 1 of the fiscal year for which they are authorized, whichever occurs first. 
‘‘(h) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDING .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall re-main available until expended. 
‘‘(i) T
RANSFER OF OBLIGATION AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the contract author-
ity authorized for motor carrier safety grants, the Secretary shall have authority to transfer available unobligated contract au-thority and associated liquidating cash with-in or between Federal financial assistance programs authorized under this section and make new Federal financial assistance awards under this section. 
‘‘(2) C
OST ESTIMATES .—Of the funds trans-
ferred, the contract authority and associated liquidating cash or obligations and expendi-tures stemming from Federal financial as-sistance awards made with this contract au-thority shall not be scored as new obliga-tions by the Office of Management and Budg-et or by the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) N
O LIMITATION ON TOTAL OF OBLIGA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, no limitation on the total of obliga-tions for Federal financial assistance pro-grams carried out by the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration under this sec-tion shall apply to unobligated funds trans-ferred under this subsection.’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) S AFETY FITNESS OF OWNERS AND OPER -
ATOR ; SAFETY REVIEWS OF NEW OPERATORS .— 
Section 31144(g) is amended by striking para-graph (5). 
(2) I
NFORMATION SYSTEMS ; PERFORMANCE  
AND REGISTRATION INFORMATION PROGRAM .— 
Section 31106(b) is amended by striking para-graph (4). 
(3) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—Section 
31107 is repealed. 
(4) P ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFOR -
MATION SYSTEM MANAGEMENT .—Section 31109 
is repealed. 
(5) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of chapter 311 is amended— 
(A) by striking the items relating to 31107 
and 31109; and 
(B) by striking the items relating to sec-
tions 31102, 31103, and 31104 and inserting the following: 
‘‘31102. Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Pro-
gram. 
‘‘31103. Commercial Motor Vehicle Operators 
Grant Program. 
‘‘31104. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
(6) G
RANTS FOR COMMERCIAL DRIVER ’SL I-
CENSE PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION .—Section 
31313(a), as amended by section 32506 of this Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Transportation shall administer a financial assistance program for commer-cial driver’s license program implementation for the purposes described in paragraphs (1) and (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Transportation shall administer a financial assistance program for commercial driver’s license program implementation funded under section 31104 of this title for the pur-poses described in paragraphs (1) and (2)’’. 
(7) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .—Section 
4126 of SAFETEA-LU (49 U.S.C. 31106 note) is repealed. 
(8) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4128 of SAFETEA-LU (49 U.S.C. 31100 note) is repealed. 
(9) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL MOTOR  
VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134 of 
SAFETEA-LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is re-pealed. 
(10) W
INTER HOME HEATING OIL DELIVERY  
STATE FLEXIBILITY PROGRAM .—Section 346 of 
National Highway System Designation Act of 1995 (49 U.S.C. 31166 note) is repealed. 
(11) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT AS CONDITION  
ON GRANTS TO STATES .—Section 103(c) of the 
Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
(12) S
TATE COMPLIANCE WITH CDL REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 103(e) of the Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 
31102 note) is repealed. 
(13) B ORDER STAFFING STANDARDS .—Section 
218(d) of the Motor Carrier Safety Improve-ment Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31133 note) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under 
section 31104(f)(2)(B) of title 49, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 31104(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3). 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2016. 
(f) T
RANSITION .—Notwithstanding the 
amendments made by this section, the Sec-retary shall carry out sections 31102, 31103, 31104 of title 49, United States Code, and any sections repealed under subsection (d) of this section, as necessary, as those sections were in effect on the day before October 1, 2016, with respect to applications for grants, coop-erative agreements, or contracts under those sections submitted before October 1, 2016. 
SEC. 32503. NEW ENTRANT SAFETY REVIEW PRO-
GRAM STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Office of Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Transportation shall report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the House of Representatives on its as-sessment of the new operator safety review program, required under section 31144(g) of title 49, United States Code, including the program’s effectiveness in reducing commer-cial motor vehicles involved in crashes, fa-talities, and injuries, and in improving com-mercial motor vehicle safety. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
completion of the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the House of Representatives a report on the ac-tions the Secretary will take to address any recommendations included in the study under subsection (a). 
(c) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACT OF 1995; E X-
CEPTION .—The study and the Office of the In-
spector General assessment shall not be sub-ject to section 3506 or section 3507 of title 44, United States Code. 
SEC. 32504. PERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION 
INFORMATION SYSTEMS MANAGE-MENT. 
Section 31106(b) is amended in the heading 
by striking ‘‘P ROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘S YS-
TEMS MANAGEMENT ’’. 
SEC. 32505. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
311 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 31110. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated from the High-way Trust Fund (other than the Mass Tran-sit Account) for the Secretary of Transpor-tation to pay administrative expenses of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion— 
‘‘(1) $264,439,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $269,992,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $275,662,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $281,451,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(5) $287,361,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(6) $293,396,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The funds authorized 
by this section shall be used— 
‘‘(1) for personnel costs; ‘‘(2) for administrative infrastructure; ‘‘(3) for rent; ‘‘(4) for information technology; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5982 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(5) for programs for research and tech-
nology, information management, regu-latory development, the administration of the performance and registration informa-tion systems management; 
‘‘(6) for programs for outreach and edu-
cation under subsection (d); 
‘‘(7) to fund the motor carrier safety facil-
ity working capital fund established under subsection (c); 
‘‘(8) for other operating expenses; ‘‘(9) to conduct safety reviews of new oper-
ators; and 
‘‘(10) for such other expenses as may from 
time to time become necessary to implement statutory mandates of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration not funded from other sources. 
‘‘(c) M
OTOR CARRIER SAFETY FACILITY  
WORKING CAPITAL FUND.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may es-
tablish a motor carrier safety facility work-ing capital fund. 
‘‘(2) P
URPOSE .—Amounts in the fund shall 
be available for modernization, construction, leases, and expenses related to vacating, oc-cupying, maintaining, and expanding motor carrier safety facilities, and associated ac-tivities. 
‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts in the fund 
shall be available without regard to fiscal year limitation. 
‘‘(4) F
UNDING .—Amounts may be appro-
priated to the fund from the amounts made available in subsection (a). 
‘‘(5) F
UND TRANSFERS .—The Secretary may 
transfer funds to the working capital fund from the amounts made available in sub-section (a) or from other funds as identified by the Secretary. 
‘‘(d) O
UTREACH AND EDUCATION PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may con-
duct, through any combination of grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, or other activities, an internal and external outreach and education program to be administered by the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
an outreach and education program for which a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement is made under this subsection may be up to 100 percent of the cost of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement. 
‘‘(3) F
UNDING .—From amounts made avail-
able in subsection (a), the Secretary shall make available such sums as are necessary to carry out this subsection each fiscal year. 
‘‘(e) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY ; INITIAL DATE OF  
AVAILABILITY .—Amounts authorized from 
the Highway Trust Fund by this section shall be available for obligation on the date of their apportionment or allocation or on October 1 of the fiscal year for which they are authorized, whichever occurs first. 
‘‘(f) F
UNDING AVAILABILITY .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall re-main available until expended. 
‘‘(g) C
ONTRACTUAL OBLIGATION .—The ap-
proval of funds by the Secretary under this section is a contractual obligation of the Federal Government for payment of the Fed-eral Government’s share of costs.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) A DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES ; AUTHORIZA -
TION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 31104 is 
amended— 
(A) by striking subsection (i); and (B) by redesignating subsections (j) and (k) 
and subsections (i) and (j), respectively. 
(2) U
SE OF AMOUNTS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER  
SUBSECTION (I) .—Section 4116(d) of SAFETEA- 
LU (49 U.S.C. 31104 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 31104(i)’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 31110’’. 
(3) I
NTERNAL COOPERATION .—Section 31161 
is amended by striking ‘‘31104(i)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘31110’’. (4) SAFETEA-LU; 
OUTREACH AND EDU -
CATION .—Section 4127 of SAFETEA-LU (119 
Stat. 1741; Public Law 109–59) is repealed. 
(5) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of subchapter I of chapter 311 is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘31110. Authorization of appropriations.’’. 
SEC. 32506. COMMERCIAL DRIVER’S LICENSE 
PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31313 is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31313. Commercial driver’s license pro-
gram implementation financial assistance program 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation shall administer a financial assist-ance program for commercial driver’s license program implementation for the purposes described in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
‘‘(1) S
TATE COMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE  
PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION GRANTS .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation may make a grant to a State agency in a fiscal year— 
‘‘(A) to comply with the requirements of 
section 31311; 
‘‘(B) in the case of a State that is making 
a good faith effort toward substantial com-pliance with the requirements of section 31311, to improve its implementation of its commercial driver’s license program, includ-ing expenses— 
‘‘(i) for computer hardware and software; ‘‘(ii) for publications, testing, personnel, 
training, and quality control; 
‘‘(iii) for commercial driver’s license pro-
gram coordinators; and 
‘‘(iv) to implement or maintain a system 
to notify an employer of an operator of a commercial motor vehicle of the suspension or revocation of the operator’s commercial driver’s license consistent with the stand-ards developed under section 32303(b) of the Commercial Motor Vehicle Safety Enhance-ment Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 31304 note). 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary 
may make a grant or cooperative agreement in a fiscal year to a State agency, local gov-ernment, or any person for research, develop-ment or testing, demonstration projects, public education, or other special activities and projects relating to commercial driver’s licensing and motor vehicle safety that— 
‘‘(A) benefit all jurisdictions of the United 
States; 
‘‘(B) address national safety concerns and 
circumstances; 
‘‘(C) address emerging issues relating to 
commercial driver’s license improvements; 
‘‘(D) support innovative ideas and solu-
tions to commercial driver’s license program issues; or 
‘‘(E) address other commercial driver’s li-
cense issues, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITIONS .—A recipient may not 
use financial assistance funds awarded under this section to rent, lease, or buy land or buildings. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall issue an 
annual report on the activities carried out under this section. 
‘‘(d) A
PPORTIONMENT .—All amounts made 
available to carry out this section for a fis-cal year shall be apportioned to a State or recipient described in subsection (a)(2) ac-cording to criteria prescribed by the Sec-retary.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The table of contents of chapter 313 
is amended by striking the item relating to section 31313 and inserting the following: 
‘‘31313. Commercial driver’s license program 
implementation financial as-sistance program.’’. SEC. 32507. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-
RIER SAFETY PROGRAMS FOR FIS-CAL YEAR 2016. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSISTANCE  
PROGRAM GRANT EXTENSION .—Section 
31104(a) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘and, for fiscal year 2016, sec-tions 31102, 31107, and 31109 of this title and section 4128 of SAFETEA-LU (49 U.S.C. 31100 note)’’ after ‘‘31102’’; 
(2) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(3) by striking paragraph (10) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(10) $218,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(11) ‘$259,000,000 for fiscal year 2016.’’. 
(b) E
XTENSION OF GRANT PROGRAMS .—Sec-
tion 4101(c) SAFETEA-LU (119 Stat. 1715; Public Law 109–59), is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(c) G
RANT PROGRAMS FUNDING .—There are 
authorized to be appropriated from the High-way Trust Fund the following sums for the following Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-ministration programs: 
‘‘(1) C
OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PRO -
GRAM IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—For carrying 
out the commercial driver’s license program improvement grants program under section 31313 of title 49, United States Code, $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(2) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—From 
amounts made available under section 31104(a) of title 49, United States Code, for border enforcement grants under section 31107 of that title, $32,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION IN -
FORMATION SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT GRANT PRO -
GRAMS .—From amounts made available 
under section 31104(a) of title 49, United States Code, for the performance and reg-istration information systems management grant program under section 31109 of that title, $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(4) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .—For car-
rying out the commercial vehicle informa-tion systems and networks deployment pro-gram under section 4126 of this Act (the in-novative technology deployment program), $25,000,000, for fiscal year 2016. 
‘‘(5) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .— 
From amounts made available under section 31104(a) of title 49, United States Code, for safety data improvement grants under sec-tion 4128 of this Act, $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2016.’’. 
(c) H
IGH-PRIORITY ACTIVITIES .—Section 
31104(j)(2), as redesignated by section 32505 of this Act is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
(d) N
EW ENTRANT AUDITS .—Section 
31144(g)(5)(B) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) S ET ASIDE .—The Secretary shall set 
aside from amounts made available by sec-tion 31104(a) up to $32,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 for audits of new entrant motor carriers conducted under this paragraph.’’. 
(e) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL  
MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134(c) 
of SAFETEA-LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) F
UNDING .—From amounts made avail-
able under section 31110 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall make avail-able, $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to carry out the commercial motor vehicle operators grant program.’’. 
(f) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS-
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4126 of SAFETEA- 
LU (49 U.S.C. 31106 note; 119 Stat. 1738; Pub-lic Law 109–59) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘Funds deobligated by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5983 July 27, 2015 
Secretary from previous year grants shall 
not be counted towards the $2,500,000 max-imum aggregate amount for core deploy-ment.’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end 
the following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for planning activities, including the develop-ment or updating of program or top level de-sign plans.’’; and 
(B) in subsection (d)(4), by adding at the 
end the following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for planning activities, including the devel-opment or updating of program or top level design plans.’’. 
(2) I
NNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY DEPLOYMENT  
PROGRAM .—For fiscal year 2016, the commer-
cial vehicle information systems and net-works deployment program under section 4126 of SAFETEA-LU (119 Stat. 1738; Public 
Law 109—59) may also be referred to as the innovative technology deployment program. 
SEC. 32508. MOTOR CARRIER SAFETY ASSIST-
ANCE PROGRAM ALLOCATION. 
(a) W ORKING GROUP .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a motor carrier safety assistance program formula working group (referred to in this section as the ‘‘working group’’. 
(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the working group shall consist of rep-resentatives of the following: 
(i) The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration. 
(ii) The lead State commercial motor vehi-
cle safety agencies responsible for admin-istering the plan required by section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(iii) An organization representing State 
agencies responsible for enforcing a program for inspection of commercial motor vehicles. 
(iv) Such other persons as the Secretary 
considers necessary. 
(B) C
OMPOSITION .—Representatives of State 
commercial motor vehicle safety agencies shall comprise at least 51 percent of the membership. 
(3) N
EW ALLOCATION FORMULA .—The work-
ing group shall analyze requirements and factors for a new motor carrier safety assist-ance program allocation formula. 
(4) R
ECOMMENDATION .—Not later than 1 
year after the date the working group is es-tablished under paragraph (1), the working group shall make a recommendation to the Secretary regarding a new Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program allocation for-mula. 
(5) FACA 
EXEMPTION .—The Federal Advi-
sory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this subsection. 
(6) P
UBLICATION .—The Administrator of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion shall publish on a public website sum-maries of its meetings, and the final rec-ommendation provided to the Secretary. 
(b) N
OTICE OF PROPOSED RULEMAKING .— 
After receiving the recommendation under subsection (a)(4), the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register a notice seeking pub-lic comment on a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(c) B
ASIS FOR FORMULA .—The Secretary 
shall ensure that the new allocation formula is based on factors that reflect, at a min-imum— 
(1) the relative needs of the States to com-
ply with section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) the relative administrative capacities 
of and challenges faced by States in com-plying with section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; (3) the average of each State’s new entrant 
motor carrier inventory for the 3-year period prior to the date of enactment of this Act; 
(4) the number of international border in-
spection facilities and border crossings by commercial vehicles in each State; and 
(5) any other factors the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
(d) F
UNDING AMOUNTS PRIOR TO DEVELOP -
MENT OF A NEWALLOCATION FORMULA .— 
(1) I NTERIM FORMULA .—Prior to the devel-
opment of the new allocation formula, the Secretary may calculate the interim funding amounts for the motor carrier safety assist-ance program in fiscal year 2017 (and later fiscal years, as necessary) under section 31104(a)(1) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act, by the following methodology: 
(A) The Secretary shall calculate the fund-
ing amount using the allocation formula the Secretary used to award motor carrier safety assistance program funding in fiscal year 2016 under section 2507 of this Act. 
(B) The Secretary shall average the fund-
ing awarded or other equitable amounts to a State in fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for border enforcement grants awarded under section 32603(c) of MAP-21 (126 Stat. 807; Pub-lic Law 112—141) and new entrant audit grants awarded under that section, or other equitable amounts. 
(C) The Secretary shall add the amounts 
calculated in subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
(2) A
DJUSTMENTS .—Subject to the avail-
ability of funding and notwithstanding fluc-tuations in the data elements used by the Secretary, the initial amounts resulting from the calculation described in paragraph (1) shall be adjusted to ensure that, for each State, the amount shall not be less than 97 percent of the average amount of funding re-ceived or other equitable amounts in fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for— 
(A) motor carrier safety assistance pro-
gram funds awarded under section 32603(a) of MAP-21 (126 Stat. 807; Public Law 112–141); 
(B) border enforcement grants awarded 
under section 32603(a) of MAP-21 (126 Stat. 807; Public Law 112–141); and 
(C) new entrant audit grants awarded 
under section 32603(a) of MAP-21 (126 Stat. 807; Public Law 112–141). 
(3) I
MMEDIATE RELIEF .—In developing the 
new allocation formula, the Secretary shall provide immediate relief for at least 3 fiscal years to all States currently subject to the withholding provisions of Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program funds for matters of noncompliance. 
(4) F
UTURE WITHHOLDINGS .—Beginning on 
the date that the new allocation formula is implemented, the Secretary shall impose all future withholdings in accordance with sec-tion 31102(k) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act. 
(e) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—This 
section expires upon the implementation of a new Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Pro-gram Allocation Formula. 
SEC. 32509. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT CALCULA-
TION. 
(a) B EFORE NEWALLOCATION FORMULA .— 
(1) F ISCAL YEAR 2017 .—If a new allocation 
formula has not been established for fiscal year 2017, then, for fiscal year 2017, the Sec-retary of Transportation shall calculate the maintenance of effort required under section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act, by averaging the expenditures for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 required by section 32601(a)(5) of MAP-21 (Public Law 112—141), as that section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) S
UBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—The Sec-
retary may use the methodology for calcu-lating the maintenance of effort for fiscal year 2017 and each fiscal year thereafter if a 
new allocation formula has not been estab-lished. 
(b) B
EGINNING WITHNEWALLOCATION FOR-
MATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) 
and (3)(B), beginning on the date that a new allocation formula is established under sec-tion 2508, upon the request of a State, the Secretary may modify the baseline mainte-nance of effort required by section 31102(e) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act, for the purpose of establishing a new baseline maintenance of effort if the Secretary determines that a waiver or modification— 
(A) is equitable due to reasonable cir-
cumstances; 
(B) will ensure the continuation of com-
mercial motor vehicle enforcement activi-ties in the State; and 
(C) is necessary to ensure that the total 
amount of State maintenance of effort and matching expenditures required under sec-tions 31102 and 31104 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act, does not exceed a sum greater than the average of the total amount of State mainte-nance of effort and matching expenditures for the 3 fiscal years prior to the date of en-actment of this Act. 
(2) A
DJUSTMENT METHODOLOGY .—If re-
quested by a State, the Secretary may mod-ify the maintenance of effort baseline ac-cording to the following methodology: 
(A) The Secretary shall establish the main-
tenance of effort using the average of fiscal years 2004 and 2005, as required by section 32601(a)(5) of MAP-21 (Public Law 112—141). 
(B) The Secretary shall calculate the aver-
age required match by a lead State commer-cial motor vehicle safety agency for fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for motor carrier safety assistance grants established at 20 percent by section 31103 of title 49, United States Code, as that section was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(C) The Secretary shall calculate the esti-
mated match required under section 31104(b) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act. 
(D) The Secretary will subtract the 
amount in subparagraph (B) from the amount in subparagraph (C) and— 
(i) if the number is greater than 0, then the 
Secretary shall subtract the number from the amount in subparagraph (A); or 
(ii) if the number is not greater than 0, 
then the Secretary shall calculate the main-tenance of effort using the methodology in subparagraph (A). 
(3) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT AMOUNT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall use 
the amount calculated in paragraph (2) as the baseline maintenance of effort required in section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act. 
(B) D
EADLINE .—If a State does not request 
a waiver or modification under this sub-section before September 30 during the first fiscal year that the Secretary implements the new allocation formula under section 32508, the Secretary shall calculate the main-tenance of effort using the methodology in paragraph (2)(A) of this subsection. 
(4) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT DESCRIBED .— 
The maintenance of effort calculated under this section is the amount required under section 31102(f) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act. 
(c) T
ERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The 
authority under this section terminates ef-fective on the date that the new mainte-nance of effort is calculated based on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5984 July 27, 2015 
new allocation formula implemented under 
section 32508. 
Subtitle F—Miscellaneous Provisions 
SEC. 32601. WINDSHIELD TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the regulations in sec-tion 393.60(e) of title 49, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (relating to the prohibition on ob-structions to the driver’s field of view) to ex-empt from that section the voluntary mounting on a windshield of vehicle safety technology likely to achieve a level of safety that is equivalent to or greater than the level of safety that would be achieved absent the exemption. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF VEHICLE SAFETY TECH-
NOLOGY .—In this section, ‘‘vehicle safety 
technology’’ includes fleet-related incident management system, performance or behav-ior management system, speed management system, lane departure warning system, for-ward collision warning or mitigation system, active cruise control system, and any other technology that the Secretary considers ap-plicable. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—For purposes 
of this section, any windshield mounted technology with a short term exemption under part 381 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall be considered likely to achieve a level of safety that is equivalent to or greater than the level of 
safety that would be achieved absent an ex-emption under subsection (a). 
SEC. 32602. ELECTRONIC LOGGING DEVICES RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
Section 31137(b) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘apply 
to’’ and inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (3), apply to’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—A motor carrier, when 
transporting a motor home or recreation ve-hicle trailer within the definition of ‘driveaway-towaway operation’ (as defined in section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Reg-ulations) may comply with the hours of serv-ice requirements by requiring each driver to use— 
‘‘(A) a paper record of duty status form; or ‘‘(B) an electronic logging device.’’. 
SEC. 32603. LAPSE OF REQUIRED FINANCIAL SE-
CURITY; SUSPENSION OF REGISTRA-TION. 
Section 13906(e) is amended by inserting 
‘‘or suspend’’ after ‘‘revoke’’. 
SEC. 32604. ACCESS TO NATIONAL DRIVER REG-
ISTER. 
Section 30305(b) is amended by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘(13) The Administrator of the Federal 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration may request the chief driver licensing official of a State to provide information under sub-section (a) of this section about an indi-vidual in connection with a safety investiga-tion under the Administrator’s jurisdic-tion.’’. 
SEC. 32605. STUDY ON COMMERCIAL MOTOR VE-
HICLE DRIVER COMMUTING. 
(a) E FFECTS OF COMMUTING .—The Adminis-
trator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall conduct a study of the effects of motor carrier operator commutes exceeding 150 minutes commuting time on safety and commercial motor vehicle driver fatigue. 
(b) S
TUDY .—In conducting the study, the 
Administrator shall consider— 
(1) the prevalence of driver commuting in 
the commercial motor vehicle industry, in-cluding the number and percentage of drivers who commute; 
(2) the distances traveled, time zones 
crossed, time spent commuting, and methods of transportation used; (3) research on the impact of excessive 
commuting on safety and commercial motor vehicle driver fatigue; 
(4) the commuting practices of commercial 
motor vehicle drivers and policies of motor carriers; 
(5) the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Ad-
ministration regulations, policies, and guid-ance regarding driver commuting; and 
(6) any other matters the Administrator 
considers appropriate. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a re-port containing the findings under the study and any recommendations for legislative ac-tion concerning driver commuting. 
SEC. 32606. HOUSEHOLD GOODS CONSUMER PRO-
TECTION WORKING GROUP. 
(a) W ORKING GROUP .—The Secretary shall 
establish a working group for the purpose of developing recommendations on how to best convey to inexperienced consumers the in-formation such consumers need to know with respect to the Federal laws concerning the interstate transportation of household goods by motor carrier. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the working group is comprised of individuals with expertise in consumer af-fairs, educators with expertise in how people learn most effectively, and representatives of the household goods moving industry. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
(1) C ONTENTS .—The recommendations de-
veloped by the working group shall include, at a minimum, recommendations on— 
(A) condensing publication ESA 03005 of 
the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-tration into a format that is more easily used by consumers; 
(B) using state-of-the-art education tech-
niques and technologies, including opti-mizing the use of the Internet as an edu-cational tool; and 
(C) reducing and simplifying the paper-
work required of motor carriers and shippers in interstate transportation. 
(2) D
EADLINE .—Not later than one year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall make the recommenda-tions described in paragraph (1) which the Secretary shall publish on a public website. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date on which the working group makes its recommendations, the Secretary shall issue a report to Congress on the implemen-tation of such recommendations. 
(e) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACTEX-
EMPTION .—The Federal Advisory Committee 
Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this sec-tion. 
(f) T
ERMINATION .—The working group shall 
terminate 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 32607. INTERSTATE VAN OPERATIONS. 
Section 4136 of SAFETEA-LU (Public Law 
109–59; 119 Stat. 1745; 49 U.S.C. 3116 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘with the exception of commuter vanpool operations, which shall remain exempt’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 32608. REPORT ON DESIGN AND IMPLEMEN-
TATION OF WIRELESS ROADSIDE IN-SPECTION SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report regarding the de-sign, development, testing, and implementa-tion of wireless roadside inspection systems. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include a determination as to whether wireless roadside inspection systems— (1) conflict with existing non-Federal elec-
tronic screening systems, or create capabili-ties already available; 
(2) require additional statutory authority 
to incorporate generated inspection data into the safety measurement system or the safety fitness determinations program; and 
(3) provide appropriate restrictions to spe-
cifically address privacy concerns of affected motor carriers and operators. 
SEC. 32609. MOTORCOACH HOURS OF SERVICE 
STUDY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT BEFORE IMPLEMENTING  
NEWRULES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not 
amend, adjust, or revise the driver hours of service regulations for motor carriers of pas-sengers, by rulemaking or any other means, until the Secretary conducts a formal study that properly accounts for operational dif-ferences and variances in crash data for driv-ers in intercity motorcoach service and interstate property carrier operations and between segments of the intercity motor-coach industry. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The study required under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) the impact of the current hours of serv-
ice regulations for motor carriers of pas-sengers on fostering safe operation of inter-city motorcoaches; 
(B) the separation of the failures of the 
current passenger carrier hours-of-service regulations and the lack of enforcement of the current regulations by Federal and State agencies; 
(C) the correlation of noncompliance with 
current passenger carrier hours of service rule to passenger carrier accidents using data from 2000 through 2013; and 
(D) how passenger carrier crashes could 
have been mitigated by any changes to pas-senger carrier hours of service rules. 
(b) E
MERGENCY REGULATIONS .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to affect the Secretary’s existing authority to provide re-lief from the hours of service regulations in the event of an emergency under section 390.232 of title 49, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
SEC. 32610. GAO REVIEW OF SCHOOL BUS SAFE-
TY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit, to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, a review of the following: 
(1) Existing Federal and State rules and 
guidance, as of the date of the review, con-cerning school bus transportation of elemen-tary school and secondary school students engaging in home-to-school transport or other transport determined by the Comp-troller General to be a routine part of kin-dergarten through grade 12 education, in-cluding regulations and guidance regarding driver training programs, capacity require-ments, programs for special needs students, inspection standards, vehicle age require-ments, best practices, and public access to inspection results and crash records. 
(2) Any correlation between public or pri-
vate school bus fleet operators whose vehi-cles are involved in an accident as defined by section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Reg-ulations, and each of the following: 
(A) A failure by those same operators of 
State or local safety inspections. 
(B) The average age or odometer readings 
of the school buses in the fleets of such oper-ators. 
(C) Violations of Federal laws adminis-
tered by the Department of Transportation, or of State law equivalents of such laws. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5985 July 27, 2015 
(D) Violations of State or local law relat-
ing to illegal passing of a school bus. 
(3) A regulatory framework comparison of 
public and private school bus operations. 
(4) Expert recommendations on best prac-
tices for safe and reliable school bus trans-portation, including driver training pro-
grams, inspection standards, school bus age and odometer reading maximums for retire-ment, the percentage of buses in a local bus fleet needed as spare buses, and capacity lev-els per school bus for different age groups. 
SEC. 32611. USE OF HAIR TESTING FOR PRE-
EMPLOYMENT AND RANDOM CON-TROLLED SUBSTANCES TESTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Drug Free Commercial Driver Act of 2015’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF HAIRTESTING AS AN  
ACCEPTABLE PROCEDURE FOR PREEMPLOYMENT  
AND RANDOM CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE  
TESTS.—Section 31306 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as 
subparagraph (C); and 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘The 
regulations shall permit such motor carriers to conduct preemployment testing of such employees for the use of alcohol.’’ and in-serting the following: 
‘‘(B) The regulations prescribed under sub-
paragraph (A) shall permit motor carriers— 
‘‘(i) to conduct preemployment testing of 
commercial motor vehicle operators for the use of alcohol; and 
‘‘(ii) to use hair testing as an acceptable 
alternative to urinalysis— 
‘‘(I) in conducting preemployment screen-
ing for the use of a controlled substance; and 
‘‘(II) in conducting random screening for 
the use of a controlled substance by individ-uals who were subject to preemployment screening.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) laboratory protocols and cut-off levels 
for hair testing to detect the use of a con-trolled substance;’’. 
(c) E
XEMPTION FROM MANDATORY URINAL -
YSIS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Any motor carrier that 
demonstrates, to the satisfaction of the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, in consultation with the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, that it can carry out an applicable hair testing program, consistent with generally accepted industry standards, to detect the use of a controlled substance by commercial motor vehicle operators, may apply to the Administrator for an exemption from the mandatory urinalysis testing requirements set forth in subpart C of part 382 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations until a final rule is issued implementing the amendments made by subsection (b). 
(2) E
VALUATION OF APPLICATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—In evaluating applica-
tions for an exemption under paragraph (1), the Administrator, in consultation with the Department of Health and Human Services, shall determine if the applicant’s testing program employs procedures and protections similar to fleets that have carried out hair testing programs for at least 1 year. 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A testing program 
may not receive an exemption under para-graph (1) unless the applicable testing lab-oratories— 
(i) have obtained laboratory accreditation 
specific to hair testing from an accrediting body, compliant with international or other Federal standards, as appropriate, such as the College of American Pathologists; and (ii) utilize hair testing assays that have 
been cleared by the Food and Drug Adminis-tration under section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360(k)). 
(3) D
EADLINE FOR DECISIONS .—Not later 
than 90 days after receiving an application from a motor carrier under this subsection, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall determine whether the motor carrier is exempt from the testing requirements de-scribed in paragraph (1). 
(4) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Any motor 
carrier that is granted an exemption under paragraph (1) shall submit records to the na-tional clearinghouse established under sec-tion 31306a of title 49, United States Code, re-lating to all positive test results and test re-fusals from the hair testing program de-scribed in that paragraph. 
(d) G
UIDELINES FOR HAIR TESTING .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue scientific and technical guidelines for hair testing as a method of detecting the use of a controlled substance for purposes of section 31306 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by subsection (b). When issuing the scientific and technical guidelines, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may consider differentiating between exposure to, and usage of, various controlled substances. 
(e) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The 
Secretary shall submit an annual report to Congress that— 
(1) summarizes the results of preemploy-
ment and random drug testing using both hair testing and urinalysis; 
(2) evaluates the efficacy of each method; 
and 
(3) determines which method provides the 
most accurate means of detecting the use of controlled substances over time. 
TITLE XXXIII—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS 
SEC. 33101. ENDORSEMENTS. 
(a) E XCLUSIONS .—Section 5117(d)(1) is 
amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) a service vehicle (as defined in section 
33101 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015) car-rying diesel fuel in quantities of 3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less that is— 
‘‘(i) driven by a class A commercial driv-
er’s license holder who is a custom har-vester, an agricultural retailer, an agricul-tural business employee, an agricultural co-operative employee, or an agricultural pro-ducer; and 
‘‘(ii) clearly marked with a placard reading 
‘Diesel Fuel’.’’. 
(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS ENDORSEMENT  
EXEMPTION .—The Secretary shall exempt all 
class A commercial driver’s license holders who are custom harvesters, agricultural re-tailers, agricultural business employees, ag-ricultural cooperative employees, or agricul-tural producers from the requirement to ob-tain a hazardous materials endorsement under part 383 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, while operating a service vehi-cle carrying diesel fuel in quantities of 3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less if the tank con-taining such fuel is clearly marked with a placard reading ‘‘Diesel Fuel’’. 
(c) D
EFINITION OF SERVICE VEHICLE .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘service vehicle’’ means a vehicle carrying diesel fuel that will be deductible as a profit-seeking activity— 
(1) under section 162 of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 as a business expense; or (2) under section 212 of the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 as a production of income expense. 
SEC. 33102. ENHANCED REPORTING. 
Section 5121(h) is amended by striking 
‘‘transmit to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate’’ and inserting ‘‘post on the Depart-ment of Transportation public website’’. 
SEC. 33103. HAZARDOUS MATERIAL INFORMA-
TION. 
(a) D ERAILMENT DATA.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the form for reporting a rail equipment accident or incident under section 225.21 of title 49, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (Form FRA F 6180.54, Rail Equip-ment Accident/Incident Report), including to its instructions, to require additional data concerning rail cars carrying crude oil or ethanol that are involved in a reportable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of that title. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The data under subsection 
(a) shall include— 
(A) the number of rail cars carrying crude 
oil or ethanol; 
(B) the number of rail cars carrying crude 
oil or ethanol damaged or derailed; and 
(C) the number of rail cars releasing crude 
oil or ethanol. 
(3) D IFFERENTIATION .—The data described 
in paragraph (2) shall be reported separately for crude oil and for ethanol. 
(b) D
ATABASE CONNECTIVITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement information man-agement practices to ensure that the Pipe-
line and Hazardous Materials Safety Admin-istration Hazardous Materials Incident Re-ports Database (referred to in this section as ‘‘Incident Reports Database’’) and the Fed-eral Railroad Administration Railroad Safe-ty Information System contain accurate and consistent data on a reportable rail equip-ment accident or incident under part 225 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, involv-ing the release of hazardous materials. 
(2) I
DENTIFIERS .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the Incident Reports Database uses a searchable Federal Railroad Administra-tion report number, or other applicable unique identifier that is linked to the Fed-eral Railroad Safety Information System, for each reportable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, involving the release of hazardous materials. 
(c) E
VALUATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Department of Trans-
portation Inspector General shall— 
(A) evaluate the accuracy of information 
in the Incident Reports Database, including determining whether any inaccuracies exist in— 
(i) the type of hazardous materials re-
leased; 
(ii) the quantity of hazardous materials re-
leased; 
(iii) the location of hazardous materials re-
leased; 
(iv) the damages or effects of hazardous 
materials released; and 
(v) any other data contained in the data-
base; and 
(B) considering the requirements in sub-
section (b), evaluate the consistency and ac-curacy of data involving accidents or inci-dents reportable to both the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and the Federal Railroad Administration, in-cluding whether the Incident Reports Data-base uses a searchable identifier described in subsection (b)(2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5986 July 27, 2015 
(2) R EPORT .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Department of Transportation Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report of the findings under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (1) and recommendations for resolving any inconsistencies or inaccuracies. 
(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed to prohibit the Sec-retary from requiring other commodity-spe-cific information for any reportable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 33104. NATIONAL EMERGENCY AND DIS-
ASTER RESPONSE. 
(a) P URPOSE .—Section 5101 is amended by 
inserting and ‘‘and to facilitate the safe movement of hazardous materials during na-tional emergencies’’ after ‘‘commerce’’. 
(b) G
ENERAL REGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
Section 5103 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(c) F EDERALLY DECLARED DISASTER AND  
EMERGENCY AREAS .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, may prescribe standards to facili-tate the safe movement of hazardous mate-rials into, from, and within a federally de-clared disaster area or a national emergency area.’’. 
SEC. 33105. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
Section 5128 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 5128. Authorization of appropriations 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this chapter (except sections 5107(e), 5108(g)(2), 5113, 5115, 5116, and 5119)— 
‘‘(1) $43,660,000 for fiscal year 2016; ‘‘(2) $44,577,000 for fiscal year 2017; ‘‘(3) $45,513,000 for fiscal year 2018; ‘‘(4) $46,469,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(5) $47,445,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(6) $48,441,000 for fiscal year 2021. 
‘‘(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS EMERGENCY  
PREPAREDNESS FUND.—From the Hazardous 
Materials Emergency Preparedness Fund es-tablished under section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend, during each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021— 
‘‘(1) $188,000 to carry out section 5115; ‘‘(2) $21,800,000 to carry out subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 5116, of which not less than $13,650,000 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5116(b); 
‘‘(3) $150,000 to carry out section 5116(f); ‘‘(4) $625,000 to publish and distribute the 
Emergency Response Guidebook under sec-tion 5116(i)(3); and 
‘‘(5) $1,000,000 to carry out section 5116(j). 
‘‘(c) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS TRAINING  
GRANTS .—From the Hazardous Materials 
Emergency Preparedness Fund established pursuant to section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend $4,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out section 5107(e). 
‘‘(d) C
REDITS TO APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) E XPENSES .—In addition to amounts 
otherwise made available to carry out this chapter, the Secretary may credit amounts received from a State, Indian tribe, or other public authority or private entity for ex-penses the Secretary incurs in providing training to the State, authority, or entity. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts 
made available under this section shall re-main available until expended.’’. TITLE XXXIV—HIGHWAY AND MOTOR 
VEHICLE SAFETY 
Subtitle A—Highway Traffic Safety 
PART I—HIGHWAY SAFETY 
SEC. 34101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following sums are 
authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
(1) H
IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—For car-
rying out section 402 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $243,526,500 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $252,267,972 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $261,229,288 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $270,415,429 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $279,831,482 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $289,482,646 for fiscal year 2021. (2) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .—For carrying out section 403 of 
title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $137,835,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $140,729,535 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $143,684,855 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $146,702,237 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $149,782,984 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $152,928,427 for fiscal year 2021. (3) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
For carrying out section 405 of title 23, United States Code— 
(A) $274,720,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $277,467,200 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $280,241,872 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $283,044,291 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $285,874,734 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $288,733,481 for fiscal year 2021. (4) N
ATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER .—For the 
National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration to carry out chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code— 
(A) $5,105,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $5,212,205 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $5,321,661 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $5,433,416 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $5,547,518 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $5,664,016 for fiscal year 2021. (5) H
IGH VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PRO -
GRAM .—For carrying out section 2009 of 
SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note)— 
(A) $29,290,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $29,582,900 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $29,878,729 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $30,177,516 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $30,479,291 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $30,784,084 for fiscal year 2021. (6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—For admin-
istrative and related operating expenses of the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration in carrying out chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, and this subtitle— 
(A) $25,755,000 for fiscal year 2016; (B) $26,012,550 for fiscal year 2017; (C) $26,272,676 for fiscal year 2018; (D) $26,535,402 for fiscal year 2019; (E) $26,800,756 for fiscal year 2020; and (F) $27,068,764 for fiscal year 2021. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON OTHER USES.—Except as 
otherwise provided in chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, in this subtitle, and in the amendments made by this subtitle, the amounts made available from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count) for a program under such chapter— 
(1) shall only be used to carry out such pro-
gram; and 
(2) may not be used by States or local gov-
ernments for construction purposes. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23.—Except as 
otherwise provided in chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, and in this subtitle, amounts made available under subsection (a) for fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be available for obligation in the same manner as if such funds were apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code. 
(d) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—Grants 
awarded under this subtitle shall be in ac-cordance with regulations issued by the Sec-
retary. 
(e) S TATE MATCHING REQUIREMENTS .—If a 
grant awarded under this subtitle requires a State to share in the cost, the aggregate of all expenditures for highway safety activi-ties made during any fiscal year by the State and its political subdivisions (exclusive of Federal funds) for carrying out the grant (other than planning and administration) shall be available for the purpose of cred-iting the State during such fiscal year for the non-Federal share of the cost of any project under this subtitle (other than plan-ning or administration) without regard to whether such expenditures were actually made in connection with such project. 
(f) G
RANT APPLICATION AND DEADLINE .—To 
receive a grant under this subtitle, a State shall submit an application, and the Sec-retary shall establish a single deadline for such applications to enable the award of grants early in the next fiscal year. 
(g) T
RANSFERS .—Section 405(a)(1)(G) of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(G) T
RANSFERS .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraphs (A) through (F), the Secretary shall reallocate, before the last day of any fiscal year, any amounts remaining available of the amounts allocated to carry out any of the activities described in subsections (b) through (g) to increase the amount made available to carry out section 402, in order to ensure, to the maximum extent possible, that all such amounts are obligated during such fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 34102. HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
(a) R ESTRICTION .—Section 402(g) of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(g) R
ESTRICTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to authorize the appropria-tion or expenditure of funds for highway con-struction, maintenance, or design (other than design of safety features of highways to be incorporated into guidelines).’’. 
(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 
402(c)(2) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘A State may provide the funds apportioned under this section to a political subdivision of a State, including In-dian tribal governments.’’ after ‘‘neighboring States.’’. 
(2) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
Section 405(a)(1) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(I) P
OLITICAL SUBDIVISIONS .—A State may 
provide the funds awarded under this section to a political subdivision of a State, includ-ing Indian tribal governments.’’. 
(c) T
RACKING PROCESS .—Section 412 of title 
23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(f) T
RACKING PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall develop a process to identify and miti-gate possible systemic issues across States and regional offices by reviewing oversight findings and recommended actions identified in triennial State management reviews.’’. 
(d) H
IGHWAY SAFETY PLANS .—Section 
402(k)(5)(A) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘60’’ and inserting ‘‘45’’. 
(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—Section 
405(a)(1)(H) of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(H) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT CERTIFI -
CATION .—As part of the grant application re-
quired in section 402(k)(3)(F), a State receiv-ing a grant in any fiscal year under sub-section (b), subsection (c), or subsection (d) of this section shall provide certification that the lead State agency responsible for programs described in any of those sections is maintaining aggregate expenditures at or above the average level of such expenditures 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5987 July 27, 2015 
in the 2 fiscal years prior to the date of en-
actment of the Comprehensive Transpor-tation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 34103. GRANTS FOR ALCOHOL-IGNITION 
INTERLOCK LAWS AND 24–7 SOBRI-ETY PROGRAMS. 
Section 405(d) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (6)— (A) by amending the heading to read as fol-
lows: ‘‘A
DDITIONAL GRANTS .—’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (A), by amending the 
heading to read as follows: ‘‘G RANTS TO  
STATES WITH ALCOHOL -IGNITION INTERLOCK  
LAWS .—’’; 
(C) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) 
through (D) as subparagraphs (C) through (E), respectively; 
(D) by inserting after subparagraph (A), 
the following: 
‘‘(B) G
RANTS TO STATES WITH 24 –7 SOBRIETY  
PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall make a sep-
arate grant under this subsection to each State that— 
‘‘(i) adopts and is enforcing a law that re-
quires all individuals convicted of driving under the influence of alcohol or of driving while intoxicated to receive a restriction on driving privileges; and 
‘‘(ii) provides a 24–7 sobriety program.’’; (E) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated, 
by inserting ‘‘and subparagraph (B)’’ after ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated, 
by inserting ‘‘and subparagraph (B)’’ after ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’; 
(G) by amending subparagraph (E), as re-
designated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(E) F
UNDING .— 
‘‘(i) F UNDING FOR GRANTS TO STATES WITH  
ALCOHOL -IGNITION INTERLOCK LAWS .—Not 
more than 12 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this subsection in a fiscal year shall be made available by the Secretary for making grants under subpara-graph (A). 
‘‘(ii) F
UNDING FOR GRANTS TO STATES WITH  
24–7 SOBRIETY PROGRAMS .—Not more than 3 
percent of the amounts made available to carry out this subsection in a fiscal year shall be made available by the Secretary for making grants under subparagraph (B).’’; and 
(H) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) E
XCEPTIONS .—A State alcohol-ignition 
interlock law under subparagraph (A) may include exceptions for the following cir-cumstances: 
‘‘(i) The individual is required to operate 
an employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual. 
‘‘(ii) The individual is certified by a med-
ical doctor as being unable to provide a deep lung breath sample for analysis by an igni-tion interlock device.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (7)(A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘or a State agency’’ and in-
serting ‘‘or an agency with jurisdiction’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘bond,’’ before ‘‘sentence’’; (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘who plead 
guilty or’’ and inserting ‘‘who was arrested, plead guilty, or’’; and 
(C) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘at a testing 
location’’ after ‘‘per day’’. 
SEC. 34104. REPEAT OFFENDER CRITERIA. 
Section 164(a) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(4) as paragraphs (2) through (5), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated, the following: ‘‘(1) 24–7 
SOBRIETY PROGRAM .—The term ‘24– 
7 sobriety program’ has the meaning given the term in section 405(d)(7)(A).’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5), as redesignated— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘or combination of laws or programs’’ after ‘‘State law’’; and 
(B) by amending subparagraph (A) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(A) receive, for a period of not less than 1 
year— 
‘‘(i) a suspension of all driving privileges; ‘‘(ii) a restriction on driving privileges 
that limits the individual to operating only motor vehicles with an ignition interlock de-vice installed, unless a special exception ap-plies; 
‘‘(iii) a restriction on driving privileges 
that limits the individual to operating motor vehicles only if participating in, and com-plying with, a 24-7 sobriety program; or 
‘‘(iv) any combination of clauses (i) 
through (iii);’’; 
(C) by striking subparagraph (B); (D) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and 
(D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively; and 
(E) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated— (i) in clause (i)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; and’’; 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) the State certifies that the general 
practice is that such an individual will be in-carcerated; and’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; and’’; 
and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) the State certifies that the general 
practice is that such an individual will re-ceive approximately 10 days of incarcer-ation.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end— ‘‘(6) S
PECIAL EXCEPTION .—The term ‘special 
exception’ means an exception under a State alcohol-ignition interlock law for the fol-lowing circumstances: 
‘‘(A) The individual is required to operate 
an employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual. 
‘‘(B) The individual is certified by a med-
ical doctor as being unable to provide a deep lung breath sample for analysis by an igni-tion interlock device.’’. 
SEC. 34105. STUDY ON THE NATIONAL ROADSIDE 
SURVEY OF ALCOHOL AND DRUG USE BY DRIVERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date that 
the Comptroller General reviews and reports on the overall value of the National Roadside Survey to researchers and other public safe-ty stakeholders, the differences between a National Roadside Survey site and typical law enforcement checkpoints, and the effec-tiveness of the National Roadside Survey methodology at protecting the privacy of the driving public, as requested by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the Senate on June 5, 2014 (Senate Report 113–182), the Sec-retary shall report to Congress on the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion’s progress toward reviewing that report and implementing any recommendations made in that report. 
SEC. 34106. INCREASING PUBLIC AWARENESS OF 
THE DANGERS OF DRUG-IMPAIRED DRIVING. 
(a) A DDITIONAL ACTIONS .—The Adminis-
trator of the National Highway Traffic Safe-ty Administration, in consultation with the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy, the Secretary of Health and Human 
Services, State highway safety offices, and other interested parties, as determined by the Administrator, shall identify and carry out additional actions that should be under-taken by the Administration to assist States in their efforts to increase public awareness of the dangers of drug-impaired driving, in-cluding the dangers of driving while under the influence of heroin or prescription opioids. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Ad-ministrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that de-scribes the additional actions undertaken by the Administration pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 34107. IMPROVEMENT OF DATA COLLECTION 
ON CHILD OCCUPANTS IN VEHICLE CRASHES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the crash investiga-tion data collection system of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to include the collection of the following data in connection with vehicle crashes whenever a child restraint system was in use in a vehi-cle involved in a crash: 
(1) The type or types of child restraint sys-
tems in use during the crash in any vehicle involved in the crash, including whether a five-point harness or belt-positioning boost-er. 
(2) If a five-point harness child restraint 
system was in use during the crash, whether the child restraint system was forward-fac-ing or rear-facing in the vehicle concerned. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In implementing sub-
section (a), the Secretary shall work with law enforcement officials, safety advocates, the medical community, and research orga-nizations to improve the recordation of data described in subsection (a) in police and other applicable incident reports. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representa-tives a report on child occupant crash data collection in the crash investigation data collection system of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration pursuant to the revision required by subsection (a). 
PART II—STOP MOTORCYCLE 
CHECKPOINT FUNDING ACT 
SEC. 34121. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Motor-
cycle Checkpoint Funding Act’’. 
SEC. 34122. GRANT RESTRICTION. 
Notwithstanding section 153 of title 23, 
United States Code, the Secretary may not provide a grant or any funds to a State, county, town, township, Indian tribe, mu-nicipality, or other local government that may be used for any program— 
(1) to check helmet usage; or (2) to create checkpoints that specifically 
target motorcycle operators or motorcycle passengers. 
PART III—IMPROVING DRIVER SAFETY 
ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34131. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Improving 
Driver Safety Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 34132. DISTRACTED DRIVING INCENTIVE 
GRANTS. 
Section 405(e) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘includes 
distracted driving issues as part of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5988 July 27, 2015 
State’s driver’s license examination and’’ 
after ‘‘any State that’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by amending subparagraph (C) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(C) establishes a minimum fine for a vio-
lation of the statute; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) does not provide for an exception that 
specifically allows a driver to use a personal wireless communications device for texting while stopped in traffic.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(A) prohibits the use of a personal wire-
less communications device while driving for drivers— 
‘‘(i) younger than 18 years of age; or 
‘‘(ii) in the learner’s permit and inter-
mediate license stages;’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(C) establishes a minimum fine for a vio-
lation of the statute; and 
‘‘(D) does not provide for an exception that 
specifically allows a driver to text through a personal wireless communications device while stopped in traffic.’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘and’’ at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 31152’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘section 31136’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) any additional exceptions determined 
by the Secretary through the rulemaking process.’’; 
(5) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL DISTRACTED DRIVING  
GRANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1), the Secretary shall use up to 50 percent of the amounts available for grants under this subsection to award grants to any State that— 
‘‘(i) in fiscal year 2017— ‘‘(I) certifies that it has enacted a basic 
text messaging statute that— 
‘‘(aa) is applicable to drivers of all ages; 
and 
‘‘(bb) makes violation of the basic text 
messaging statute a primary offense or sec-ondary enforcement action as allowed by State statute; and 
‘‘(II) is otherwise ineligible for a grant 
under this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) in fiscal year 2018— ‘‘(I) meets the requirements under clause 
(i); 
‘‘(II) imposes fines for violations; and ‘‘(III) has a statute that prohibits drivers 
who are younger than 18 years of age from using a personal wireless communications device while driving. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (5) and subject to clauses (ii) and (iii) of this subparagraph, amounts received by a State under subparagraph (A) may be used for activities related to the enforcement of distracted driving laws, including for public information and awareness purposes. 
‘‘(ii) F
ISCAL YEAR 2017 .—In fiscal year 2017, 
up to 15 percent of the amounts received by a State under subparagraph (A) may be used for any eligible project or activity under sec-tion 402. 
‘‘(iii) F
ISCAL YEAR 2018 .—In fiscal year 2018, 
up to 25 percent of the amounts received by a State under subparagraph (A) may be used for any eligible project or activity under sec-
tion 402.’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (9)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘, in-
cluding operation while temporarily sta-tionary because of traffic, a traffic light or stop sign, or otherwise’’. 
SEC. 34133. BARRIERS TO DATA COLLECTION RE-
PORT. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the National Highway Traffic Safe-ty Administration shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— 
(1) identifies any legal and technical bar-
riers to capturing adequate data on the prev-alence of the use of wireless communications devices while driving; and 
(2) provides recommendations on how to 
address such barriers. 
SEC. 34134. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS FOR STATE 
GRADUATED DRIVER LICENSING IN-CENTIVE GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 405(g)(2) of title 23, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘21’’ 
and inserting ‘‘18’’; and 
(2) by amending subparagraph (B) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(B) L ICENSING PROCESS .—A State is in 
compliance with the 2-stage licensing proc-ess described in this subparagraph if the State’s driver’s license laws include— 
‘‘(i) a learner’s permit stage that— ‘‘(I) is at least 6 months in duration; ‘‘(II) contains a prohibition on the driver 
using a personal wireless communications device (as defined in subsection (e)) while driving except under an exception permitted under paragraph (4) of that subsection, and makes a violation of the prohibition a pri-mary offense; 
‘‘(III) requires applicants to successfully 
pass a vision and knowledge assessment prior to receiving a learner’s permit; 
‘‘(IV) requires that the driver be accom-
panied and supervised at all times while the driver is operating a motor vehicle by a li-censed driver who is at least 21 years of age or is a State-certified driving instructor; 
‘‘(V) has a requirement that the driver— ‘‘(aa) complete a State-certified driver edu-
cation or training course; or 
‘‘(bb) obtain at least 50 hours of behind- 
the-wheel training, with at least 10 hours at night, with a licensed driver; 
‘‘(VI) remains in effect until the driver— ‘‘(aa) reaches 16 years of age and enters the 
intermediate stage; or 
‘‘(bb) reaches 18 years of age; ‘‘(ii) an intermediate stage that— ‘‘(I) commences immediately after the ex-
piration of the learner’s permit stage and successful completion of a driving skills as-sessment; 
‘‘(II) is at least 6 months in duration; ‘‘(III) prohibits the driver from using a per-
sonal wireless communications device (as de-fined in subsection (e)) while driving except under an exception permitted under para-graph (4) of that subsection, and makes a violation of the prohibition a primary of-fense; 
‘‘(IV) for the first 6 month of the inter-
mediate stage, restricts driving at night be-tween the hours of 10:00 p.m. and 5:00 a.m. when not supervised by a licensed driver 21 years of age or older, excluding transpor-tation to work, school, religious activities, or emergencies; 
‘‘(V) prohibits the driver from operating a 
motor vehicle with more than 1 nonfamilial passenger younger than 21 years of age un-less a licensed driver who is at least 21 years 
of age is in the motor vehicle; and 
‘‘(VI) remains in effect until the driver 
reaches 17 years of age; and 
‘‘(iii) a learner’s permit and intermediate 
stage that require, in addition to any other penalties imposed by State law, the granting of an unrestricted driver’s license be auto-matically delayed for any individual who, during the learner’s permit or intermediate stage, is convicted of a driving-related of-fense during the first 6 months, including— 
‘‘(I) driving while intoxicated; ‘‘(II) misrepresentation of the individual’s 
age; 
‘‘(III) reckless driving; ‘‘(IV) driving without wearing a seat belt; ‘‘(V) speeding; or ‘‘(VI) any other driving-related offense, as 
determined by the Secretary.’’. 
PART IV—TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING 
AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 34141. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO THE 
MOTOR VEHICLE AND HIGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2012. 
(a) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 
402 of title 23, United States Code is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (b)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘ex-
cept as provided in paragraph (3),’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(E)— (A) by striking ‘‘in which a State’’ and in-
serting ‘‘for which a State’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘subsection (f)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘subsection (k)’’; and 
(3) in subsection (k)(4), by striking ‘‘para-
graph (2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’. 
(b) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .—Section 403(e) of title 23, United 
States Code is amended by inserting ‘‘of title 49’’ after ‘‘chapter 301’’. 
(c) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 405 of title 23, United States 
Code is amended— 
(1) in subsection (d)(5), by striking ‘‘section 
402(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 402’’; and 
(2) in subsection (f)(4)(A)(iv), by striking 
‘‘developed under subsection (g)’’. 
Subtitle B—Vehicle Safety 
SEC. 34201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out chapter 301 of title 49, and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, amounts as follows: 
(1) $132,730,000 for fiscal year 2016. (2) $135,517,330 for fiscal year 2017. (3) $138,363,194 for fiscal year 2018. (4) $141,268,821 for fiscal year 2019. (5) $144,235,466 for fiscal year 2020. (6) $147,264,411 for fiscal year 2021. 
(b) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF APPRO -
PRIATIONS IF A CERTIFICATION ISMADE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to the 
amounts authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) to carry out chapter 301 of title 49, and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, if the certification de-scribed in paragraph (2) is made during a fis-cal year there is authorized to be appro-priated to the Secretary for that purpose for that fiscal year and subsequent fiscal years an additional amount as follows: 
(A) $46,270,000 for fiscal year 2016. (B) $51,537,670 for fiscal year 2017. (C) $57,296,336 for fiscal year 2018. (D) $62,999,728 for fiscal year 2019. (E) $69,837,974 for fiscal year 2020. (F) $76,656,407 for fiscal year 2021. (2) C
ERTIFICATION DESCRIBED .—The certifi-
cation described in this paragraph is a cer-tification made by the Secretary and sub-mitted to Congress that the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration has im-plemented all of the recommendations in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5989 July 27, 2015 
Office of Inspector General Audit Report 
issued June 18, 2015 (ST-2015-063). As part of the certification, the Secretary shall review the actions the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has taken to imple-ment the recommendations and issue a re-port to Congress detailing how the rec-ommendations were implemented. The Sec-retary shall not delegate or assign the re-sponsibility under this paragraph. 
SEC. 34202. INSPECTOR GENERAL RECOMMENDA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter until the completion date, the Department of Transportation In-spector General shall report to the appro-priate committees of Congress on whether and what progress has been made to imple-ment the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST-2015-063). 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION PROGRESS .—The Ad-
ministrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shall— 
(1) not later than 90 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter until the completion date, provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress on the actions the Administrator has taken to implement the recommenda-tions in the audit report described in sub-section (a), including a plan for imple-menting any remaining recommendations; and 
(2) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, issue a final report to the appropriate committees of Congress on the implementation of all of the rec-ommendations in the audit report described in subsection (a). 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
(2) C
OMPLETION DATE .—The term ‘‘comple-
tion date’’ means the date that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has implemented all of the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST-2015-063). 
SEC. 34203. IMPROVEMENTS IN AVAILABILITY OF 
RECALL INFORMATION. 
(a) V EHICLE RECALL INFORMATION .—Not 
later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary shall imple-ment current information technology, web design trends, and best practices that will help ensure that motor vehicle safety recall information available to the public on the Federal website is readily accessible and easy to use, including— 
(1) by improving the organization, avail-
ability, readability, and functionality of the website; 
(2) by accommodating high-traffic volume; 
and 
(3) by establishing best practices for sched-
uling routine website maintenance. 
(b) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
PUBLIC AWARENESS REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
shall study the current use by consumers, dealers, and manufacturers of the safety re-call information made available to the pub-lic, including the usability and content of the Federal and manufacturers’ websites and the National Highway Traffic Safety Admin-istration’s efforts to publicize and educate consumers about safety recall information. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General shall issue a report with the findings of the study under paragraph (1), in-cluding recommending any actions the Sec-
retary can take to improve public awareness and use of the websites for safety recall in-formation. 
(c) P
ROMOTION OF PUBLIC AWARENESS .—Sec-
tion 31301(c) of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30166 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) P
ROMOTION OF PUBLIC AWARENESS .— 
The Secretary shall improve public aware-ness of safety recall information made pub-licly available by periodically updating the method of conveying that information to consumers, dealers, and manufacturers, such as through public service announcements.’’. 
(d) C
ONSUMER GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall make available to the public on the Internet detailed guidance for consumers submitting safety complaints, in-cluding— 
(1) a detailed explanation of what informa-
tion a consumer should include in a com-plaint; and 
(2) a detailed explanation of the possible 
actions the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration can take to address a com-plaint and respond to the consumer, includ-ing information on— 
(A) the consumer records, such as photo-
graphs and police reports, that could assist with an investigation; and 
(B) the length of time a consumer should 
retain the records described in subparagraph (A). 
(e) VIN S
EARCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in coordi-
nation with industry, including manufactur-ers and dealers, shall study— 
(A) the feasibility of searching multiple ve-
hicle identification numbers at a time to re-trieve motor vehicle safety recall informa-tion; and 
(B) the feasibility of making the search 
mechanism described under subparagraph (A) publicly available. 
(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In conducting the 
study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the potential costs, and poten-tial risks to privacy and security in imple-menting such a search mechanism. 
SEC. 34204. RECALL PROCESS. 
(a) N OTIFICATION IMPROVEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe a final rule revis-ing the regulations under section 577.7 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, to in-clude notification by electronic means in ad-dition to notification by first class mail. 
(2) D
EFINITION OF ELECTRONIC MEANS .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘‘electronic means’’ includes electronic mail and may include such other means of electronic notification, such as social media or targeted online cam-paigns, as determined by the Secretary. 
(b) N
OTIFICATION BY MANUFACTURER .—Sec-
tion 30118(c) is amended by inserting ‘‘or electronic mail’’ after ‘‘certified mail’’. 
(c) R
ECALL COMPLETION RATES REPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and bien-nially thereafter for 4 years, the Secretary shall— 
(A) conduct an analysis of vehicle safety 
recall completion rates to assess potential actions by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to improve vehicle safety recall completion rates; and 
(B) submit to the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the analysis. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each report shall include— 
(A) the annual recall completion rate by 
manufacturer, model year, component (such as brakes, fuel systems, and air bags), and 
vehicle type (passenger car, sport utility ve-hicle, passenger van, and pick-up truck) for each of the 5 years before the year the report is submitted; 
(B) the methods by which the Secretary 
has conducted analyses of these recall com-pletion rates to determine trends and iden-tify risk factors associated with lower recall rates; and 
(C) the actions the Secretary has planned 
to improve recall completion rates based on the results of this data analysis. 
(d) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL AUDIT OF VEHICLE  
RECALLS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Department of Trans-
portation Inspector General shall conduct an audit of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s management of vehicle safety recalls. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The audit shall include a 
determination of whether the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration— 
(A) appropriately monitors recalls to en-
sure the appropriateness of scope and ade-quacy of recall completion rates and rem-edies; 
(B) ensures manufacturers provide safe 
remedies, at no cost to consumers; 
(C) is capable of coordinating recall rem-
edies and processes; and 
(D) can improve its policy on consumer no-
tice to combat effects of recall fatigue. 
SEC. 34205. PILOT GRANT PROGRAM FOR STATE 
NOTIFICATION TO CONSUMERS OF MOTOR VEHICLE RECALL STATUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 
2016, the Secretary shall implement a 2-year pilot program to evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of a State process for informing consumers of open motor vehicle recalls at the time of motor vehicle registration in the State. 
(b) G
RANTS .—To carry out this program, 
the Secretary may make a grant to each eli-gible State, but not more than 6 eligible States in total, that agrees to comply with the requirements under subsection (c). Funds made available to a State under this section shall be used by the State for the pilot pro-gram described in subsection (a). 
(c) E
LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible for a grant, 
a State shall— 
(1) submit an application in such form and 
manner as the Secretary prescribes; 
(2) agree to notify, at the time of registra-
tion, each owner or lessee of a motor vehicle presented for registration in the State of any open recall on that vehicle; 
(3) provide the open motor vehicle recall 
information at no cost to each owner or les-see of a motor vehicle presented for registra-tion in the State; and 
(4) provide such other information as the 
Secretary may require. 
(d) A
WARDS .—In selecting an applicant for 
an award under this section, the Secretary shall consider the State’s methodology for determining open recalls on a motor vehicle, for informing consumers of the open recalls, and for determining performance. 
(e) P
ERFORMANCE PERIOD .—Each grant 
awarded under this section shall require a 2- year performance period. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after 
the completion of the performance period under subsection (e), a grantee shall provide to the Secretary a report of performance containing such information as the Sec-retary considers necessary to evaluate the extent to which open recalls have been rem-edied. 
(g) E
VALUATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall evaluate the extent to which open recalls identified have been rem-edied. 
(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5990 July 27, 2015 
(1) C ONSUMER .—The term ‘‘consumer’’ in-
cludes owner and lessee. 
(2) M OTOR VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘motor ve-
hicle’’ has the meaning given the term under section 30102(a) of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) O
PEN RECALL .—The term ‘‘open recall’’ 
means a recall for which a notification by a manufacturer has been provided under sec-tion 30119 of title 49, United States Code, and that has not been remedied under section 30120 of that title. 
(4) R
EGISTRATION .—The term ‘‘registra-
tion’’ means the process for registering motor vehicles in the State. 
(5) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ has the 
meaning given the term under section 101(a) of title 23, United States Code. 
SEC. 34206. RECALL OBLIGATIONS UNDER BANK-
RUPTCY. 
Section 30120A is amended by striking 
‘‘chapter 11 of title 11,’’ and inserting ‘‘chap-ter 7 or chapter 11 of title 11’’. 
SEC. 34207. DEALER REQUIREMENT TO CHECK 
FOR OPEN RECALL. 
Section 30120(f) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—’’ before 
‘‘A manufacturer’’ and indenting appro-priately; 
(2) in paragraph (1), as redesignated, by 
striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘if— 
‘‘(A) at the time of providing service for 
each of the manufacturer’s motor vehicles it services, the dealer notifies the owner or the individual requesting the service of any open recall; and 
‘‘(B) the notification requirement under 
subparagraph (A) is specified in a franchise, operating, or other agreement between the dealer and the manufacturer.’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF OPEN RECALL .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘open recall’ means a recall for which a notification by a manufac-turer has been provided under section 30119 and that has not been remedied under this section.’’. 
SEC. 34208. EXTENSION OF TIME PERIOD FOR 
REMEDY OF TIRE DEFECTS. 
Section 30120(b) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘60 days’’ 
and inserting ‘‘180 days’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘60-day’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘180- day’’. 
SEC. 34209. RENTAL CAR SAFETY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act of 2015’’. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 30102(a) is 
amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (10) and 
(11) as paragraphs (12) and (13), respectively; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(9) as paragraphs (2) through (10), respec-tively; 
(3) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(1) ‘covered rental vehicle’ means a motor 
vehicle that— 
‘‘(A) has a gross vehicle weight rating of 
10,000 pounds or less; 
‘‘(B) is rented without a driver for an ini-
tial term of less than 4 months; and 
‘‘(C) is part of a motor vehicle fleet of 5 or 
more motor vehicles that are used for rental purposes by a rental company.’’; and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (10), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(11) ‘rental company’ means a person 
who— 
‘‘(A) is engaged in the business of renting 
covered rental vehicles; and 
‘‘(B) uses for rental purposes a motor vehi-
cle fleet of 5 or more covered rental vehi-cles.’’. (c) R
EMEDIES FOR DEFECTS AND NONCOMPLI -
ANCE .—Section 30120(i) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by adding ‘‘, 
ORRENTAL ’’ at the end; 
(2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1) If notification’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If notification’’; 
(B) by indenting subparagraphs (A) and (B) 
four ems from the left margin; 
(C) by inserting ‘‘or the manufacturer has 
provided to a rental company notification about a covered rental vehicle in the com-pany’s possession at the time of notifica-tion’’ after ‘‘time of notification’’; 
(D) by striking ‘‘the dealer may sell or 
lease,’’ and inserting ‘‘the dealer or rental company may sell, lease, or rent’’; and 
(E) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sale 
or lease’’ and inserting ‘‘sale, lease, or rental agreement’’; 
(3) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection may be construed to prohibit a dealer or rental company from offering the vehicle or equipment for sale, lease, or rent.’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIC RULES FOR RENTAL COMPA -
NIES.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided under this paragraph, a rental com-pany shall comply with the limitations on sale, lease, or rental set forth in subpara-graph (C) and paragraph (1) as soon as prac-ticable, but not later than 24 hours after the earliest receipt of the notice to owner under subsection (b) or (c) of section 30118 (includ-ing the vehicle identification number for the covered vehicle) by the rental company, whether by electronic means or first class mail. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR LARGE VEHICLE  
FLEETS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), 
if a rental company receives a notice to owner covering more than 5,000 motor vehi-cles in its fleet, the rental company shall comply with the limitations on sale, lease, or rental set forth in subparagraph (C) and 
paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 48 hours after the earliest receipt of the notice to owner under subsection (b) or (c) of section 30118 (including the vehicle identification number for the covered vehi-cle) by the rental company, whether by elec-tronic means or first class mail. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR WHEN REMEDIES NOT  
IMMEDIATELY AVAILABLE .—If a notification 
required under subsection (b) or (c) of section 30118 indicates that the remedy for the defect or noncompliance is not immediately avail-able and specifies actions to temporarily alter the vehicle that eliminate the safety risk posed by the defect or noncompliance, the rental company, after causing the speci-fied actions to be performed, may rent (but may not sell or lease) the motor vehicle. Once the remedy for the rental vehicle be-comes available to the rental company, the rental company may not rent the vehicle until the vehicle has been remedied, as pro-vided in subsection (a). 
‘‘(D) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO JUNK AUTO -
MOBILES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), 
this subsection does not prohibit a rental company from selling a covered rental vehi-cle if such vehicle— 
‘‘(i) meets the definition of a junk auto-
mobile under section 201 of the Anti-Car Theft Act of 1992 (49 U.S.C. 30501); 
‘‘(ii) is retitled as a junk automobile pursu-
ant to applicable State law; and 
‘‘(iii) is reported to the National Motor Ve-
hicle Information System, if required under section 204 of such Act (49 U.S.C. 30504).’’. 
(d) M
AKING SAFETY DEVICES AND ELEMENTS  
INOPERATIVE .—Section 30122(b) is amended by inserting ‘‘rental company,’’ after ‘‘dealer,’’ 
each place such term appears. 
(e) I NSPECTIONS , I NVESTIGATIONS , AND 
RECORDS .—Section 30166 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘or 
dealer’’ each place such term appears and in-serting ‘‘dealer, or rental company’’; 
(2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘or deal-
er’’ each place such term appears and insert-ing ‘‘dealer, or rental company’’; and 
(3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘or to 
owners’’ and inserting ‘‘, rental companies, or other owners’’. 
(f) R
ESEARCH AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
of Transportation may conduct a study of— 
(1) the effectiveness of the amendments 
made by this section; and 
(2) other activities of rental companies (as 
defined in section 30102(a)(11) of title 49, United States Code) related to their use and disposition of motor vehicles that are the subject of a notification required under sec-tion 30118 of title 49, United States Code. 
(g) S
TUDY .— 
(1) A DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—Section 
32206(b)(2) of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 785) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(B) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as 
subparagraph (G); and 
(C) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the 
following: 
‘‘(F) evaluate the completion of safety re-
call remedies on rental trucks; and’’. 
(2) R
EPORT .—Section 32206(c) of such Act is 
amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; 
(B) by striking ‘‘R EPORT .—Not later’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(c) R EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL REPORT .—Not later’’; 
(C) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (A) through (E) and (G) of subsection (b)(2)’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) S
AFETY RECALL REMEDY REPORT .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of the ‘Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act of 2015’, the Secretary shall submit a report to the congressional committees set forth in paragraph (1) that contains— 
‘‘(A) the findings of the study conducted 
pursuant to subsection (b)(2)(F); and 
‘‘(B) any recommendations for legislation 
that the Secretary determines to be appro-priate.’’. 
(h) P
UBLIC COMMENTS .—The Secretary shall 
solicit comments regarding the implementa-tion of this section from members of the pub-lic, including rental companies, consumer organizations, automobile manufacturers, and automobile dealers. 
(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section or the amendments made by this sec-tion— 
(1) may be construed to create or increase 
any liability, including for loss of use, for a manufacturer as a result of having manufac-tured or imported a motor vehicle subject to a notification of defect or noncompliance under subsection (b) or (c) of section 30118 of title 49, United States Code; or 
(2) shall supersede or otherwise affect the 
contractual obligations, if any, between such a manufacturer and a rental company (as de-fined in section 30102(a) of title 49, United States Code). 
(j) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary may pro-
mulgate rules, as appropriate, to implement this section and the amendments made by this section. 
(k) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5991 July 27, 2015 
date that is 180 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act. 
SEC. 34210. INCREASE IN CIVIL PENALTIES FOR 
VIOLATIONS OF MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY. 
(a) I NCREASE IN CIVIL PENALTIES .—Section 
30165(a) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$21,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$35,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$105,000,000’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$21,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘$35,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘$105,000,000’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) of this section take effect on the date that the Secretary cer-tifies to Congress that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has issued the final rule required by section 31203(b) of the Moving Ahead for Progress In the 21st Cen-tury Act (Public Law 112-141; 126 Stat. 758; 49 U.S.C. 30165 note). 
(c) P
UBLICATION OF EFFECTIVE DATE.—The 
Secretary shall publish notice of the effec-tive date under subsection (b) of this section in the Federal Register. 
SEC. 34211. ELECTRONIC ODOMETER DISCLO-
SURES. 
Section 32705(g) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Not later 
than’’ and indenting appropriately; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (1) and 
subject to paragraph (3), a State, without ap-proval from the Secretary under subsection (d), may allow for written disclosures or no-tices and related matters to be provided elec-tronically if— 
‘‘(A) in compliance with— ‘‘(i) the requirements of subchapter 1 of 
chapter 96 of title 15; or 
‘‘(ii) the requirements of a State law under 
section 7002(a) of title 15; and 
‘‘(B) the disclosures or notices otherwise 
meet the requirements under this section, including appropriate authentication and se-curity measures. 
‘‘(3) Paragraph (2) ceases to be effective on 
the date the regulations under paragraph (1) become effective.’’. 
SEC. 34212. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY FOR 
NHTSA REPORTS. 
Section 30166(o) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and 
inserting ‘‘shall’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary shall issue a final rule under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 34213. DIRECT VEHICLE NOTIFICATION OF 
RECALLS. 
(a) R ECALL NOTIFICATION REPORT .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a report on the feasibility of a technical system that would operate in each new motor vehicle to indicate when the vehicle is subject to an open recall. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF OPEN RECALL .—In this 
section the term ‘‘open recall’’ means a re-call for which a notification by a manufac-turer has been provided under section 30119 of title 49, United States Code, and that has not been remedied under section 30120 of that title. 
SEC. 34214. UNATTENDED CHILDREN WARNING. 
Section 31504(a) of the Moving Ahead for 
Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30111 note) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. SEC. 34215. TIRE PRESSURE MONITORING SYS-
TEM. 
(a) P ROPOSED RULE.—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish a proposed rule that updates the standards pertaining to tire pressure monitoring systems to ensure that a tire pressure monitoring system that is in-stalled in a new motor vehicle after the ef-fective date of the revised standards cannot, to a level other than a safe pressure level, be— 
(1) overridden; (2) reset; or (3) recalibrated. (b) S
AFE PRESSURE LEVEL .—For the pur-
poses of subsection (a), the term ‘‘safe pres-sure level’’ shall mean a pressure level con-sistent with the TPMS detection require-ments contained in S4.2(a) of section 571.138 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, or any corresponding similar regulation or rul-ing. 
(c) F
INAL RULE.—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, after providing the public with sufficient oppor-tunity for notice and comment on the pro-posed rule published under subsection (a), the Secretary shall issue a final rule on the subject described in subsection (a). 
Subtitle C—Research and Development and 
Vehicle Electronics 
SEC. 34301. REPORT ON OPERATIONS OF THE 
COUNCIL FOR VEHICLE ELEC-TRONICS, VEHICLE SOFTWARE, AND EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report re-garding the operations of the Council for Ve-hicle Electronics, Vehicle Software, and Emerging Technologies established under section 31401 of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 105 note). The report shall include informa-tion about the accomplishments of the Coun-cil, the role of the Council in integrating and aggregating electronic and emerging tech-nologies expertise across the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration, the role of the Council in coordinating with other Federal agencies, and the priorities of the Council over the next 5 years. 
SEC. 34302. COOPERATION WITH FOREIGN GOV-
ERNMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 49 A MENDMENT .—Section 30182(b) 
is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) in coordination with Department of 
State, enter into cooperative agreements and collaborative research and development agreements with foreign governments.’’. 
(b) T
ITLE 23 A MENDMENT .—Section 403 of 
title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(C), by inserting 
‘‘foreign government (in coordination with the Department of State)’’ after ‘‘institu-tion,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by inserting 
‘‘foreign governments,’’ after ‘‘local govern-ments,’’. 
(c) A
UDIT.—The Department of Transpor-
tation Inspector General shall conduct an audit of the Secretary of Transportation’s management and oversight of cooperative agreements and collaborative research and development agreements, including any co-operative agreements between the Secretary of Transportation and foreign governments under section 30182(b)(6) of title 49, United 
States Code, and subsections (b)(2)(C) and (c)(1)(A) of title 23, United States Code. 
Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Provisions 
PART I—DRIVER PRIVACY ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34401. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Driver Pri-
vacy Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 34402. LIMITATIONS ON DATA RETRIEVAL 
FROM VEHICLE EVENT DATA RE-CORDERS. 
(a) O WNERSHIP OF DATA.—Any data re-
tained by an event data recorder (as defined in section 563.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations), regardless of when the motor vehicle in which it is installed was manufac-tured, is the property of the owner, or, in the case of a leased vehicle, the lessee of the motor vehicle in which the event data re-corder is installed. 
(b) P
RIVACY .—Data recorded or trans-
mitted by an event data recorder described in subsection (a) may not be accessed by a person other than an owner or a lessee of the motor vehicle in which the event data re-corder is installed unless— 
(1) a court or other judicial or administra-
tive authority having jurisdiction— 
(A) authorizes the retrieval of the data; 
and 
(B) to the extent that there is retrieved 
data, the data is subject to the standards for admission into evidence required by that court or other administrative authority; 
(2) an owner or a lessee of the motor vehi-
cle provides written, electronic, or recorded audio consent to the retrieval of the data for any purpose, including the purpose of diag-nosing, servicing, or repairing the motor ve-hicle, or by agreeing to a subscription that describes how data will be retrieved and used; 
(3) the data is retrieved pursuant to an in-
vestigation or inspection authorized under section 1131(a) or 30166 of title 49, United States Code, and the personally identifiable information of an owner or a lessee of the ve-hicle and the vehicle identification number is not disclosed in connection with the re-trieved data, except that the vehicle identi-fication number may be disclosed to the cer-tifying manufacturer; 
(4) the data is retrieved for the purpose of 
determining the need for, or facilitating, emergency medical response in response to a motor vehicle crash; or 
(5) the data is retrieved for traffic safety 
research, and the personally identifiable in-formation of an owner or a lessee of the vehi-cle and the vehicle identification number is not disclosed in connection with the re-trieved data. 
SEC. 34403. VEHICLE EVENT DATA RECORDER 
STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Highway Traf-fic Safety Administration shall submit to Congress a report that contains the results of a study conducted by the Administrator to determine the amount of time event data recorders installed in passenger motor vehi-cles should capture and record for retrieval vehicle-related data in conjunction with an event in order to provide sufficient informa-tion to investigate the cause of motor vehi-cle crashes. 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 2 years 
after submitting the report required under subsection (a), the Administrator of the Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion shall promulgate regulations to estab-lish the appropriate period during which event data recorders installed in passenger motor vehicles may capture and record for retrieval vehicle-related data to the time necessary to provide accident investigators 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5992 July 27, 2015 
with vehicle-related information pertinent 
to crashes involving such motor vehicles. 
PART II—SAFETY THROUGH INFORMED 
CONSUMERS ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34421. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Safety 
Through Informed Consumers Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 34422. PASSENGER MOTOR VEHICLE INFOR-
MATION. 
Section 32302 is amended by inserting after 
subsection (b) the following: 
‘‘(c) C RASH AVOIDANCE .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of the Safe-ty Through Informed Consumers Act of 2015, the Secretary shall promulgate a rule to en-sure that crash avoidance information is in-dicated next to crashworthiness information on stickers placed on motor vehicles by their manufacturers.’’. 
PART III—TIRE EFFICIENCY, SAFETY, AND 
REGISTRATION ACT OF 2015 
SEC. 34431. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Tire Effi-
ciency, Safety, and Registration Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘TESR Act’’. 
SEC. 34432. TIRE FUEL EFFICIENCY MINIMUM 
PERFORMANCE STANDARDS. 
Section 32304A is amended— 
(1) in the section heading, by inserting 
‘‘AND STANDARDS ’’ after ‘‘ CONSUMER TIRE IN -
FORMATION ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘R
ULE-
MAKING ’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONSUMER TIREIN-
FORMATION ’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(referred 
to in this section as the ‘Secretary’)’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (b) 
through (e) as subsections (e) though (h), re-spectively; and 
(4) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) P
ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS FOR  
TIREFUEL EFFICIENCY MINIMUM PERFORM -
ANCE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, after con-
sultation with the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall promulgate regula-tions for tire fuel efficiency minimum per-formance standards for— 
‘‘(A) passenger car tires with a maximum 
speed capability equal to or less than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour; and 
‘‘(B) passenger car tires with a maximum 
speed capability greater than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour. 
‘‘(2) T
IRE FUEL EFFICIENCY MINIMUM PER -
FORMANCE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) S TANDARD BASIS AND TEST PROCE -
DURES .—The minimum performance stand-
ards promulgated under paragraph (1) shall be expressed in terms of the rolling resist-ance coefficient measured using the test pro-cedure specified in section 575.106 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
‘‘(B) N
O DISPARATE EFFECT ON HIGH PER -
FORMANCE TIRES .—The Secretary shall en-
sure that the minimum performance stand-ards promulgated under paragraph (1) will not have a disproportionate effect on pas-senger car high performance tires with a maximum speed capability greater than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour. 
‘‘(C) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—This subsection applies 
to new pneumatic tires for use on passenger cars. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—This subsection does 
not apply to light truck tires, deep tread tires, winter-type snow tires, space-saver or temporary use spare tires, or tires with nominal rim diameters of 12 inches or less. ‘‘(c) P
ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS FOR  
TIREWETTRACTION MINIMUM PERFORMANCE  
STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
mulgate regulations for tire wet traction minimum performance standards to ensure that passenger tire wet traction capability is not reduced to achieve improved tire fuel ef-ficiency. 
‘‘(2) T
IRE WET TRACTION MINIMUM PERFORM -
ANCE STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) B ASIS OF STANDARD .—The minimum 
performance standards promulgated under paragraph (1) shall be expressed in terms of peak coefficient of friction. 
‘‘(B) T
EST PROCEDURES .—Any test proce-
dure promulgated under this subsection shall be consistent with any test procedure pro-mulgated under subsection (a). 
‘‘(C) B
ENCHMARKING .—The Secretary shall 
conduct testing to benchmark the wet trac-tion performance of tire models available for sale in the United States as of the date of en-actment of this Act to ensure that the min-imum performance standards promulgated under paragraph (1) are tailored to— 
‘‘(i) tires sold in the United States; and ‘‘(ii) the needs of consumers in the United 
States. 
‘‘(D) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—This subsection applies 
to new pneumatic tires for use on passenger cars. 
‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—This subsection does 
not apply to light truck tires, deep tread tires, winter-type snow tires, space-saver or temporary use spare tires, or tires with nominal rim diameters of 12 inches or less. 
‘‘(d) C
OORDINATION AMONG REGULATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPATIBILITY .—The Secretary shall 
ensure that the test procedures and require-ments promulgated under subsections (a), (b), and (c) are compatible and consistent. 
‘‘(2) C
OMBINED EFFECT OF RULES .—The Sec-
retary shall evaluate the regulations pro-mulgated under subsections (b) and (c) to en-sure that compliance with the minimum per-formance standards promulgated under sub-section (b) will not diminish wet traction performance of affected tires. 
‘‘(3) R
ULEMAKING DEADLINES .—The Sec-
retary shall promulgate — 
‘‘(A) the regulations under subsections (b) 
and (c) not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of this Act; and 
‘‘(B) the regulations under subsection (c) 
not later than the date of promulgation of the regulations under subsection (b).’’. 
SEC. 34433. TIRE REGISTRATION BY INDE-
PENDENT SELLERS. 
Section 30117(b) is amended by striking 
paragraph (3) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) R ULEMAKING .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ini-
tiate a rulemaking to require a distributor or dealer of tires that is not owned or con-trolled by a manufacturer of tires to main-tain records of— 
‘‘(i) the name and address of tire pur-
chasers and lessors and information identi-fying the tire that was purchased or leased; and 
‘‘(ii) any additional records the Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
‘‘(B) E
LECTRONIC TRANSMISSION .—The rule-
making carried out under subparagraph (A) shall require a distributor or dealer of tires that is not owned or controlled by a manu-facturer of tires to electronically transmit the records described in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A) to the manufacturer of the tires or the designee of the manufacturer by secure means at no cost to tire purchasers or lessors. 
‘‘(C) S
ATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENTS .—A 
regulation promulgated under subparagraph (A) may be considered to satisfy the require-ments of paragraph (2)(B).’’. SEC. 34434. TIRE RECALL DATABASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a publicly available and searchable electronic database of tire recall information that is reported to the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Adminis-tration. 
(b) T
IRE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER .—The 
database established under subsection (a) shall be searchable by Tire Identification Number (TIN) and any other criteria that as-sists consumers in determining whether a tire is subject to a recall. 
TITLE XXXV—RAILROAD REFORM, 
ENHANCEMENT, AND EFFICIENCY 
SEC. 35001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Railroad 
Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act’’. 
SEC. 35002. PASSENGER TRANSPORTATION; DEFI-
NITIONS. 
Section 24102 is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through 
(9) as paragraphs (6) through (10), respec-tively; 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (4), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) ‘long-distance route’ means a route de-
scribed in paragraph (6)(C).’’; 
(3) by amending paragraph (6)(A), as redes-
ignated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) the Northeast Corridor main line be-
tween Boston, Massachusetts and the Vir-ginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia, and the facilities and services used to operate and maintain that line;’’; 
(4) in paragraph (7), as redesignated, by 
striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, except that the term ‘Northeast Corridor’ for the purposes of chapter 243 means the main line between Boston, Massachusetts and the Virginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia, and the facilities and services used to operate and maintain that line.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) ‘state-of-good-repair’ means a condi-
tion in which physical assets, both individ-ually and as a system, are— 
‘‘(A) performing at a level at least equal to 
that called for in their as-built or as-modi-fied design specification during any period when the life cycle cost of maintaining the assets is lower than the cost of replacing them; and 
‘‘(B) sustained through regular mainte-
nance and replacement programs. 
‘‘(12) ‘State-supported route’ means a route 
described in paragraph (6)(B) or paragraph (6)(D), or in section 24702(a).’’. 
Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 35101. AUTHORIZATION OF GRANTS TO AM-
TRAK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak for deposit into the accounts es-tablished under section 24319(a) of title 49, United States Code, the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $1,450,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $1,550,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $1,700,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $1,900,000,000. (b) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to one half of 1 percent of the amount appropriated under subsection (a) for the costs of management oversight of Amtrak. 
(c) C
OMPETITION .—In administering grants 
to Amtrak under section 24318 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary may with-hold, from amounts that would otherwise be made available to Amtrak, such sums as are necessary from the amount appropriated under subsection (a) of this section to cover the operating subsidy described in section 24711(b)(1)(E)(ii) of title 49, United States Code. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5993 July 27, 2015 
(d) S TATE -SUPPORTED ROUTE COMMITTEE .— 
The Secretary may withhold up to $2,000,000 from the amount appropriated in each fiscal year under subsection (a) of this section for the use of the State-Supported Route Com-mittee established under section 24712 of title 49, United States Code. 
(e) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR COMMISSION .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to $5,000,000 from the amount appropriated in each fiscal year under subsection (a) of this section for the use of the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 35102. NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE AND 
SAFETY INVESTMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to the Secretary for grants under chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code, the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $350,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $430,000,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $600,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $900,000,000. 
(b) P
ROJECT MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT .—The 
Secretary may withhold up to 1 percent from the amount appropriated under subsection (a) of this section for the costs of project management oversight of grants carried out under chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 35103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR NATIONAL TRANSPOR-TATION SAFETY BOARD RAIL INVES-TIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, there are authorized to be appropriated to the National Transpor-tation Safety Board to carry out railroad ac-cident investigations under section 1131(a)(1)(C) of title 49, United States Code, the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $6,300,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $6,400,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $6,500,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $6,600,000. 
(b) I
NVESTIGATION PERSONNEL .—Amounts 
appropriated under subsection (a) of this sec-tion shall be available to the National Trans-portation Safety Board for personnel, in re-gional offices and in Washington, DC, whose duties involve railroad accident investiga-tions. 
SEC. 35104. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR AMTRAK OFFICE OF IN-SPECTOR GENERAL. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
the Office of Inspector General of Amtrak the following amounts: 
(1) For fiscal year 2016, $20,000,000. (2) For fiscal year 2017, $20,500,000. (3) For fiscal year 2018, $21,000,000. (4) For fiscal year 2019, $21,500,000. 
SEC. 35105. NATIONAL COOPERATIVE RAIL RE-
SEARCH PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24910 is amend-
ed— 
(1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’; (B) in paragraph (13), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) to improve the overall safety of inter-
city passenger and freight rail operations.’’; and 
(2) by amending subsection (e) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(e) A
LLOCATION .—At least $5,000,000 of the 
amounts appropriated to the Secretary for a fiscal year to carry out railroad research and development programs shall be available to carry out this section.’’. 
Subtitle B—Amtrak Reform 
SEC. 35201. AMTRAK GRANT PROCESS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS AND PROCEDURES .—Chap-
ter 243 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 24317. Costs and revenues 
‘‘(a) A
LLOCATION .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, Amtrak shall establish and maintain inter-nal controls to ensure Amtrak’s costs, reve-nues, and other compensation are appro-priately and proportionally allocated to its Northeast Corridor train services or infra-structure, its State-supported routes, its long-distance routes, and its other national network activities. 
‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to limit the ability of Amtrak to enter into an agree-ment with 1 or more States to allocate oper-ating and capital costs under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improve-ment Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘§ 24318. Grant process 
‘‘(a) P
ROCEDURES FOR GRANT REQUESTS .— 
Not later than 90 days after the date of en-actment of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish and transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives substantive and procedural requirements, including sched-ules, for grant requests under this section. 
‘‘(b) G
RANT REQUESTS .—Amtrak shall 
transmit grant requests for Federal funds ap-propriated to the Secretary of Transpor-tation for the use of Amtrak to— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation, the Committee on Ap-propriations, and the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on the Budget of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
‘‘(c) C
ONTENTS .—A grant request under sub-
section (b) shall— 
‘‘(1) describe projected operating and cap-
ital costs for the upcoming fiscal year for Northeast Corridor train services and infra-structure, Amtrak’s State-supported routes, and Amtrak’s long-distance routes, and Am-trak’s other national network activities, as applicable, in comparison to prior fiscal year actual financial performance; 
‘‘(2) describe the capital projects to be 
funded, with cost estimates and an estimated timetable for completion of the projects cov-ered by the request; 
‘‘(3) assess Amtrak’s financial condition; ‘‘(4) be displayed on Amtrak’s Web site 
within a reasonable timeframe following its transmission under subsection (b); and 
‘‘(5) describe how the funding requested in 
a grant will be allocated to the accounts es-tablished under section 24319(a), considering the projected operating losses or capital costs for services and activities associated with such accounts over the time period in-tended to be covered by the grants. 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL .— 
‘‘(1) T HIRTY -DAY APPROVAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date that Amtrak submits a grant request under this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall complete a review of the request and provide notice to Amtrak that— 
‘‘(i) the request is approved; or ‘‘(ii) the request is disapproved, including 
the reason for the disapproval and an expla-nation of any incomplete or deficient items. 
‘‘(B) G
RANT AGREEMENT .—If a grant request 
is approved, the Secretary shall enter into a grant agreement with Amtrak that allocates the grant funding to 1 of the 4 accounts es-tablished under section 24319(a). ‘‘(2) F
IFTEEN -DAY MODIFICATION PERIOD .— 
Not later than 15 days after the date of the notice under paragraph (1)(A)(ii), Amtrak shall submit a modified request for the Sec-retary’s review. 
‘‘(3) M
ODIFIED REQUESTS .—Not later than 15 
days after the date that Amtrak submits a modified request under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall either approve the modified request, or, if the Secretary finds that the request is still incomplete or deficient, the Secretary shall identify in writing to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Appro-priations, and the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives the remaining deficiencies and recommend a process for resolving the outstanding por-tions of the request. 
‘‘(e) P
AYMENTS TO AMTRAK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A grant agreement en-
tered into under subsection (d) shall specify the operations, services, and other activities to be funded by the grant. The grant agree-ment shall include provisions, consistent with the requirements of this chapter, to measure Amtrak’s performance and ensure accountability in delivering the operations, services, or activities to be funded by the grant. 
‘‘(2) S
CHEDULE .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), in each fiscal year for which amounts are appropriated to the Secretary for the use of Amtrak, and for which the Sec-retary and Amtrak have entered into a grant agreement under subsection (d), the Sec-retary shall disburse grant funds to Amtrak on the following schedule: 
‘‘(A) 50 percent on October 1. ‘‘(B) 25 percent on January 1. ‘‘(C) 25 percent on April 1. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—The Secretary may 
make a payment to Amtrak of appropriated funds— 
‘‘(A) more frequently than the schedule 
under paragraph (2) if Amtrak, for good cause, requests more frequent payment be-fore the end of a payment period; or 
‘‘(B) with a different frequency or in dif-
ferent percentage allocations in the event of a continuing resolution or in the absence of an appropriations Act for the duration of a fiscal year. 
‘‘(f) A
VAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS AND EARLY  
APPROPRIATIONS .—Amounts appropriated to 
the Secretary for the use of Amtrak shall re-main available until expended. Amounts for capital acquisitions and improvements may be appropriated for a fiscal year before the fiscal year in which the amounts will be obli-gated. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATIONS ON USE.—Amounts appro-
priated to the Secretary for the use of Am-trak may not be used to cross-subsidize oper-ating losses or capital costs of commuter rail passenger or freight rail transportation. 
‘‘§ 24319. Accounts 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT OF ACCOUNTS .—Begin-
ning not later than October 1, 2016, Amtrak, in consultation with the Secretary of Trans-portation, shall define and establish— 
‘‘(1) a Northeast Corridor investment ac-
count, including subaccounts for Amtrak train services and infrastructure; 
‘‘(2) a State-supported account; ‘‘(3) a long-distance account; and ‘‘(4) an other national network activities 
account. 
‘‘(b) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR INVESTMENT AC-
COUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in 
the Northeast Corridor investment account established under subsection (a)(1)— 
‘‘(A) a portion of the grant funds appro-
priated under the authorization in section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5994 July 27, 2015 
35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-
ment, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act appropriating funds for the use of Am-trak, as specified in a grant agreement en-tered into under section 24318; 
‘‘(B) any compensation received from com-
muter rail passenger transportation pro-viders for such providers’ share of capital costs on the Northeast Corridor provided to Amtrak under section 24905(c); 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus of the North-
east Corridor train services or infrastruc-ture, as allocated under section 24317; and 
‘‘(D) any other net revenue received in as-
sociation with the Northeast Corridor, in-cluding freight access fees, electric propul-sion, and commercial development. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF NORTHEAST CORRIDOR INVEST -
MENT ACCOUNT .—Except as provided in sub-
section (f), amounts deposited in the North-east Corridor investment account shall be made available for the use of Amtrak for its share of— 
‘‘(A) capital projects described in section 
24904(a)(2)(E)(i), and developed under the planning process established under that sec-tion, to bring Northeast Corridor infrastruc-ture to a state-of-good-repair; 
‘‘(B) capital projects described in clauses 
(ii) and (iv) of section 24904(a)(2)(E) that are developed under the planning process estab-lished under that section intended to in-crease corridor capacity, improve service re-liability, and reduce travel time on the Northeast Corridor; 
‘‘(C) capital projects to improve safety and 
security; 
‘‘(D) capital projects to improve customer 
service and amenities; 
‘‘(E) acquiring, rehabilitating, manufac-
turing, remanufacturing, overhauling, or im-proving equipment and associated facilities used for intercity rail passenger transpor-tation by Northeast Corridor train services; 
‘‘(F) retirement of principal and payment 
of interest on loans for capital projects de-scribed in this paragraph or for capital leases for equipment and related to the Northeast Corridor; 
‘‘(G) participation in public-private part-
nerships, joint ventures, and other mecha-nisms or arrangements that result in the completion of capital projects described in 
this paragraph; and 
‘‘(H) indirect, common, corporate, or other 
costs directly incurred by or allocated to the Northeast Corridor. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE -SUPPORTED ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in 
the State-supported account established under subsection (a)(2)— 
‘‘(A) a portion of the grant funds appro-
priated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act appropriating funds for the use of Am-trak, as specified in a grant agreement en-tered into under section 24318; 
‘‘(B) any compensation received from 
States provided to Amtrak under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Im-provement Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 24101 note); and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus from its State- 
supported routes, as allocated under section 24317. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF STATE -SUPPORTED ACCOUNT .— 
Except as provided in subsection (f), amounts deposited in the State-supported account shall be made available for the use of Am-trak for capital expenses and operating costs, including indirect, common, cor-porate, or other costs directly incurred by or allocated to State-supported routes, of its State-supported routes and retirement of principal and payment of interest on loans or capital leases attributable to its State-sup-ported routes. ‘‘(d) L
ONG-DISTANCE ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in 
the long-distance account established under subsection (a)(3)— 
‘‘(A) a portion of the grant funds appro-
priated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act appropriating funds for the use of Am-trak, as specified in a grant agreement en-tered into under section 24318; 
‘‘(B) any compensation received from 
States provided to Amtrak for costs associ-ated with its long-distance routes; and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus from its long- 
distance routes, as allocated under section 24317. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF LONG -DISTANCE ACCOUNT .—Ex-
cept as provided in subsection (f), amounts deposited in the long-distance account shall be made available for the use of Amtrak for capital expenses and operating costs, includ-ing indirect, common, corporate, or other costs directly incurred by or allocated to long-distance routes, of its long-distance routes and retirement of principal and pay-ment of interest on loans or capital leases attributable to the long-distance routes. 
‘‘(e) O
THER NATIONAL NETWORK ACTIVITIES  
ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) D EPOSITS .—Amtrak shall deposit in 
the other national network activities ac-count established under subsection (a)(4)— 
‘‘(A) a portion of the grant funds appro-
priated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act appropriating funds for the use of Am-trak, as specified in a grant agreement en-tered into under section 24318; 
‘‘(B) any compensation received from 
States provided to Amtrak for costs associ-ated with its other national network activi-ties; and 
‘‘(C) any operating surplus from its other 
national network activities. 
‘‘(2) U
SE OF OTHER NATIONAL NETWORK AC -
TIVITIES ACCOUNT .—Except as provided in 
subsection (f), amounts deposited into the other national network activities account shall be made available for the use of Am-trak for capital and operating costs not allo-cated to the Northeast Corridor investment account, State-supported account, or long- distance account, and retirement of prin-cipal and payment of interest on loans or capital leases attributable to other national network activities. 
‘‘(f) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—Amtrak may transfer any 
funds appropriated under the authorization in section 35101(a) of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent Act appropriating funds for the use of Amtrak for deposit into the accounts described in that section, or any surplus gen-erated by operations, between the Northeast Corridor, State-supported, long-distance, and other national network activities accounts— 
‘‘(A) upon the expiration of 10 days after 
the date that Amtrak notifies the Amtrak Board of Directors, including the Secretary, of the planned transfer; and 
‘‘(B) with the approval of the Secretary. ‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 days after 
the date that Amtrak notifies the Amtrak Board of Directors of a planned transfer under paragraph (1), Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that in-cludes— 
‘‘(A) the amount of the transfer; and ‘‘(B) a detailed explanation of the reason 
for the transfer, including— ‘‘(i) the effects on Amtrak services funded 
by the account from which the transfer is drawn, in comparison to a scenario in which no transfer was made; and 
‘‘(ii) the effects on Amtrak services funded 
by the account receiving the transfer, in comparison to a scenario in which no trans-fer was made. 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) S TATE -SUPPORTED ACCOUNT .—Not later 
than 5 days after the date that Amtrak noti-fies the Amtrak Board of Directors of a planned transfer under paragraph (1) of funds to or from the State-supported account, Am-trak shall transmit to each State that spon-sors a State-supported route a letter that in-cludes the information described under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR ACCOUNT .—Not 
later than 5 days after the date that Amtrak notifies the Amtrak Board of Directors of a planned transfer under paragraph (1) of funds to or from the Northeast Corridor account, 
Amtrak shall transmit to the Northeast Cor-ridor Commission a letter that includes the information described under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(g) E
NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary shall 
enforce the provisions of each grant agree-ment under section 24318(d), including any deposit into an account under this section. 
‘‘(h) L
ETTERS OF INTENT .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary may 
issue a letter of intent to Amtrak announc-ing an intention to obligate, for a major cap-ital project described in clauses (ii) and (iv) of section 24904(a)(2)(E), an amount from fu-ture available budget authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipu-lated as the financial participation of the Secretary in the project. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—At least 30 days 
before issuing a letter under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall notify in writing the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of the proposed let-ter. The Secretary shall include with the no-tice a copy of the proposed letter, the cri-teria used for selecting the project for a grant award, and a description of how the project meets the criteria under this section. 
‘‘(3) C
ONTINGENT NATURE OF OBLIGATION OR  
COMMITMENT .—An obligation or administra-
tive commitment may be made only when amounts are appropriated. The letter of in-tent shall state that the contingent commit-ment is not an obligation of the Federal Gov-ernment, and is subject to the availability of appropriations under Federal law and to Fed-eral laws in force or enacted after the date of the contingent commitment.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table 
of contents for chapter 243 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘24317. Costs and revenues. 
‘‘24318. Grant process. ‘‘24319. Accounts.’’. 
(c) R
EPEALS .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT OF GRANT PROCESS .— 
Section 206 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of that Act are re-pealed. 
(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 24104 and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of chapter 241 are repealed. 
SEC. 35202. 5-YEAR BUSINESS LINE AND ASSETS 
PLANS. 
(a) A MTRAK 5-YEAR BUSINESS LINE AND  
ASSET PLANS .—Chapter 243, as amended by 
section 35201 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 24319 the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5995 July 27, 2015 
‘‘§ 24320. Amtrak 5-year business line and 
asset plans 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) F INAL PLANS .—Not later than Feb-
ruary 15 of each year, Amtrak shall submit to Congress and the Secretary final 5-year business line plans and 5-year asset plans prepared in accordance with this section. These final plans shall form the basis for Amtrak’s general and legislative annual re-
port to the President and Congress required by section 24315(b). 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL CONSTRAINT .—Each plan pre-
pared under this section shall be based on funding levels authorized or otherwise avail-able to Amtrak in a fiscal year. In the ab-sence of an authorization or appropriation of funds for a fiscal year, the plans shall be based on the amount of funding available in the previous fiscal year, plus inflation. Am-trak may include an appendix to the asset plan required in subsection (c) that describes any capital funding requirements in excess of amounts authorized or otherwise available to Amtrak in a fiscal year for capital invest-ment. 
‘‘(b) A
MTRAK 5-YEAR BUSINESS LINE 
PLANS .— 
‘‘(1) A MTRAK BUSINESS LINES .—Amtrak 
shall prepare a 5-year business line plan for each of the following business lines and serv-ices: 
‘‘(A) Northeast Corridor train services. ‘‘(B) State-supported routes operated by 
Amtrak. 
‘‘(C) Long-distance routes operated by Am-
trak. 
‘‘(D) Ancillary services operated by Am-
trak, including commuter operations and other revenue generating activities as deter-mined by the Secretary in consultation with Amtrak. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF 5 -YEAR BUSINESS LINE  
PLANS .—The 5-year business line plan for 
each business line shall include, at a min-imum— 
‘‘(A) a statement of Amtrak’s vision, goals, 
and service plan for the business line, coordi-nated with any entities that are contrib-uting capital or operating funding to support passenger rail services within those business lines, and aligned with Amtrak’s Strategic Plan and 5-year asset plans under subsection (c); 
‘‘(B) all projected revenues and expendi-
tures for the business line, including identi-fication of revenues and expenditures in-curred by— 
‘‘(i) passenger operations; ‘‘(ii) non-passenger operations that are di-
rectly related to the business line; and 
‘‘(iii) governmental funding sources, in-
cluding revenues and other funding received from States; 
‘‘(C) projected ridership levels for all pas-
senger operations; 
‘‘(D) estimates of long-term and short-term 
debt and associated principal and interest payments (both current and forecasts); 
‘‘(E) annual profit and loss statements and 
forecasts and balance sheets; 
‘‘(F) annual cash flow forecasts; ‘‘(G) a statement describing the meth-
odologies and significant assumptions under-lying estimates and forecasts; 
‘‘(H) specific performance measures that 
demonstrate year over year changes in the results of Amtrak’s operations; 
‘‘(I) financial performance for each route 
within each business line, including descrip-tions of the cash operating loss or contribu-tion and labor productivity for each route; 
‘‘(J) specific costs and savings estimates 
resulting from reform initiatives; 
‘‘(K) prior fiscal year and projected equip-
ment reliability statistics; and ‘‘(L) an identification and explanation of 
any major adjustments made from pre-viously-approved plans. 
‘‘(3) 5-
YEAR BUSINESS LINE PLANS PROCESS .— 
In meeting the requirements of this section, Amtrak shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate the development of the 
business line plans with the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) for the Northeast Corridor business 
line plan, coordinate with the Northeast Cor-ridor Commission and transmit to the Com-mission the final plan under subsection (a)(1), and consult with other entities, as ap-propriate; 
‘‘(C) for the State-supported route business 
line plan, coordinate with the State-Sup-ported Route Committee established under section 24712; 
‘‘(D) for the long-distance route business 
line plan, coordinate with any States or Interstate Compacts that provide funding for such routes, as appropriate; 
‘‘(E) ensure that Amtrak’s annual budget 
request to Congress is consistent with the in-formation in the 5-year business line plans; and 
‘‘(F) identify the appropriate Amtrak offi-
cials that are responsible for each business line. 
‘‘(4) S
TANDARDS TO PROMOTE FINANCIAL STA -
BILITY .—In meeting the requirements under 
this subsection, Amtrak shall use the cat-egories specified in the financial accounting and reporting system developed under sec-tion 203 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) when preparing its 5-year business line plans. 
‘‘(c) A
MTRAK 5-YEARASSET PLANS .— 
‘‘(1) A SSET CATEGORIES .—Amtrak shall pre-
pare a 5-year asset plan for each of the fol-lowing asset categories: 
‘‘(A) Infrastructure, including all Amtrak- 
controlled Northeast Corridor assets and other Amtrak-owned infrastructure, and the associated facilities that support the oper-ation, maintenance, and improvement of those assets. 
‘‘(B) Passenger rail equipment, including 
all Amtrak-controlled rolling stock, loco-motives, and mechanical shop facilities that are used to overhaul equipment. 
‘‘(C) Stations, including all Amtrak-con-
trolled passenger rail stations and elements 
of other stations for which Amtrak has legal responsibility or intends to make capital in-vestments. 
‘‘(D) National assets, including national 
reservations, security, training and training centers, and other assets associated with Amtrak’s national passenger rail transpor-tation system. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS OF 5 -YEAR ASSET PLANS .— 
Each asset plan shall include, at a min-imum— 
‘‘(A) a summary of Amtrak’s 5-year stra-
tegic plan for each asset category, including goals, objectives, any relevant performance metrics, and statutory or regulatory actions affecting the assets; 
‘‘(B) an inventory of existing Amtrak cap-
ital assets, to the extent practicable, includ-ing information regarding shared use or own-ership, if applicable; 
‘‘(C) a prioritized list of proposed capital 
investments that— 
‘‘(i) categorizes each capital project as 
being primarily associated with— 
‘‘(I) normalized capital replacement; ‘‘(II) backlog capital replacement; ‘‘(III) improvements to support service en-
hancements or growth; 
‘‘(IV) strategic initiatives that will im-
prove overall operational performance, lower costs, or otherwise improve Amtrak’s cor-porate efficiency; or 
‘‘(V) statutory, regulatory, or other legal 
mandates; ‘‘(ii) identifies each project or program 
that is associated with more than 1 category described in clause (i); and 
‘‘(iii) describes the anticipated business 
outcome of each project or program identi-fied under this subparagraph, including an assessment of— 
‘‘(I) the potential effect on passenger oper-
ations, safety, reliability, and resilience; 
‘‘(II) the potential effect on Amtrak’s abil-
ity to meet regulatory requirements if the project or program is not funded; and 
‘‘(III) the benefits and costs; and ‘‘(D) annual profit and loss statements and 
forecasts and balance sheets for each asset category. 
‘‘(3) 5-
YEAR ASSET PLAN PROCESS .—In meet-
ing the requirements of this subsection, Am-trak shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate with each business line de-
scribed in subsection (b)(1) in the prepara-tion of each 5-year asset plan and ensure in-tegration of each 5-year asset plan with the 5-year business line plans; 
‘‘(B) as applicable, coordinate with the 
Northeast Corridor Commission, the State- Supported Route Committee, and owners of assets affected by 5-year asset plans; and 
‘‘(C) identify the appropriate Amtrak offi-
cials that are responsible for each asset cat-egory. 
‘‘(4) E
VALUATION OF NATIONAL ASSETS  
COSTS .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) evaluate the costs and scope of all na-
tional assets; and 
‘‘(B) determine the activities and costs 
that are— 
‘‘(i) required in order to ensure the effi-
cient operations of a national passenger rail system; 
‘‘(ii) appropriate for allocation to 1 of the 
other Amtrak business lines; and 
‘‘(iii) extraneous to providing an efficient 
national passenger rail system or are too costly relative to the benefits or perform-ance outcomes they provide. 
‘‘(5) D
EFINITION OF NATIONAL ASSETS .—In 
this section, the term ‘national assets’ means the Nation’s core rail assets shared among Amtrak services, including national reservations, security, training and training centers, and other assets associated with Amtrak’s national passenger rail transpor-tation system. 
‘‘(6) R
ESTRUCTURING OF NATIONAL ASSETS .— 
Not later than 1 year after the date of com-pletion of the evaluation under paragraph (4), the Administrator of the Federal Rail-road Administration, in consultation with the Amtrak Board of Directors, the gov-ernors of each relevant State, and the Mayor of the District of Columbia, or their des-ignees, shall restructure or reallocate, or both, the national assets costs in accordance with the determination under that section, including making appropriate updates to Amtrak’s cost accounting methodology and system.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The requirements for 
Amtrak to submit final 5-year business line plans and 5-year asset plans under section 24320 of title 49, United States Code, shall take effect 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table 
of contents for chapter 243, as amended by section 35201 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘24320. Amtrak 5-year business line and asset 
plans.’’. 
(d) R
EPEAL OF 5-YEAR FINANCIAL PLAN.— 
Section 204 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note), and the item relating to that section in the table of contents of that Act, are re-pealed. 
(e) I
DENTIFICATION OF DUPLICATIVE REPORT -
INGREQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 1 year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5996 July 27, 2015 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary shall— 
(1) review existing Amtrak reporting re-
quirements and identify where the existing requirements are duplicative with the busi-ness line and capital plans required by sec-tion 24320 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) if the duplicative reporting require-
ments are administrative, the Secretary shall eliminate the duplicative require-ments; and 
(3) submit to Congress a report with any 
recommendations for repealing any other du-plicative Amtrak reporting requirements. 
SEC. 35203. STATE-SUPPORTED ROUTE COM-
MITTEE. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 247 is amended 
by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24712. State-supported routes operated by 
Amtrak 
‘‘(a) S TATE -SUPPORTED ROUTE COM-
MITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of the Rail-road Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish the State-Supported Route Com-mittee (referred to in this section as the ‘Committee’) to promote mutual cooperation and planning pertaining to the rail oper-ations of Amtrak and related activities of trains operated by Amtrak on State-sup-ported routes and to further implement sec-tion 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall 
consist of— 
‘‘(i) members representing Amtrak; ‘‘(ii) members representing the Depart-
ment of Transportation, including the Fed-eral Railroad Administration; and 
‘‘(iii) members representing States. ‘‘(B) N
ON-VOTING MEMBERS .—The Com-
mittee may invite and accept other non-vot-ing members to participate in Committee ac-tivities, as appropriate. 
‘‘(3) D
ECISIONMAKING .—The Committee 
shall establish a bloc voting system under which, at a minimum— 
‘‘(A) there are 3 separate voting blocs to 
represent the Committee’s voting members, including— 
‘‘(i) 1 voting bloc to represent the members 
described in paragraph (2)(A)(i); 
‘‘(ii) 1 voting bloc to represent the mem-
bers described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii); and 
‘‘(iii) 1 voting bloc to represent the mem-
bers described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii); 
‘‘(B) each voting bloc has 1 vote; ‘‘(C) the vote of the voting bloc rep-
resenting the members described in para-graph (2)(A)(iii) requires the support of at least two-thirds of that voting bloc’s mem-bers; and 
‘‘(D) the Committee makes decisions by 
unanimous consent of the 3 voting blocs. 
‘‘(4) M
EETINGS ; RULES AND PROCEDURES .— 
The Committee shall convene a meeting and shall define and implement the rules and procedures governing the Committee’s pro-ceedings not later than 180 days after the date of establishment of the Committee by the Secretary. The rules and procedures shall— 
‘‘(A) incorporate and further describe the 
decisionmaking procedures to be used in ac-cordance with paragraph (3); and 
‘‘(B) be adopted in accordance with such 
decisionmaking procedures. 
‘‘(5) C
OMMITTEE DECISIONS .—Decisions made 
by the Committee in accordance with the Committee’s rules and procedures, once es-tablished, are binding on all Committee members. 
‘‘(6) C
OST ALLOCATION METHODOLOGY .— ‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Committee may amend the cost allo-cation methodology required and previously approved under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURES FOR CHANGING METHOD -
OLOGY .—The rules and procedures imple-
mented under paragraph (4) shall include procedures for changing the cost allocation methodology. 
‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The cost allocation 
methodology shall— 
‘‘(i) ensure equal treatment in the provi-
sion of like services of all States and groups of States; and 
‘‘(ii) allocate to each route the costs in-
curred only for the benefit of that route and a proportionate share, based upon factors that reasonably reflect relative use, of costs incurred for the common benefit of more than 1 route. 
‘‘(b) I
NVOICES AND REPORTS .—Not later 
than February 15, 2016, and monthly there-after, Amtrak shall provide to each State that sponsors a State-supported route a 
monthly invoice of the cost of operating such route, including fixed costs and third- party costs. The Committee shall determine the frequency and contents of the financial and performance reports that Amtrak shall provide to the States, as well as the planning and demand reports that the States shall provide to Amtrak. 
‘‘(c) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST FOR DISPUTE RESOLUTION .—If 
a dispute arises with respect to the rules and procedures implemented under subsection (a)(4), an invoice or a report provided under subsection (b), implementation or compli-ance with the cost allocation methodology developed under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) or amended under subsection (a)(6) of this section, either Am-trak or the State may request that the Sur-face Transportation Board conduct dispute resolution under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .—The Surface Transpor-
tation Board shall establish procedures for resolution of disputes brought before it under this subsection, which may include provision of professional mediation services. 
‘‘(3) B
INDING EFFECT .—A decision of the 
Surface Transportation Board under this subsection shall be binding on the parties to the dispute. 
‘‘(4) O
BLIGATION .—Nothing in this sub-
section shall affect the obligation of a State to pay an amount not in dispute. 
‘‘(d) A
SSISTANCE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-
vide assistance to the parties in the course of negotiations for a contract for operation of a State-supported route. 
‘‘(2) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE .—From among 
available funds, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) provide financial assistance to Am-
trak or 1 or more States to perform re-quested independent technical analysis of issues before the Committee; and 
‘‘(B) reimburse Members for travel ex-
penses, including per diem in lieu of subsist-ence, in accordance with section 5703 of title 5. 
‘‘(e) P
ERFORMANCE METRICS .—In negoti-
ating a contract for operation of a State-sup-ported route, Amtrak and the State or States that sponsor the route shall consider including provisions that provide penalties and incentives for performance. 
‘‘(f) S
TATEMENT OF GOALS AND OBJEC-
TIVES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Committee shall de-
velop a statement of goals, objectives, and associated recommendations concerning the future of State-supported routes operated by Amtrak. The statement shall identify the roles and responsibilities of Committee 
members and any other relevant entities, such as host railroads, in meeting the identi-fied goals and objectives, or carrying out the recommendations. The Committee may con-sult with such relevant entities, as the Com-mittee considers appropriate, when devel-oping the statement. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSMISSION OF STATEMENT OF GOALS  
AND OBJECTIVES .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act the Committee shall transmit the statement developed under paragraph (1) to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The decisions 
of the Committee— 
‘‘(1) shall pertain to the rail operations of 
Amtrak and related activities of trains oper-ated by Amtrak on State-sponsored routes; and 
‘‘(2) shall not pertain to the rail operations 
or related activities of services operated by other rail passenger carriers on State-sup-ported routes. 
‘‘(h) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.— 
The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Com-mittee. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF STATE .—In this section, 
the term ‘State’ means any of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, or a public entity that sponsor the operation of trains by Am-trak on a State-supported route.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The table of contents for chapter 247 
is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘24712. State-supported routes operated by 
Amtrak.’’. 
SEC. 35204. ROUTE AND SERVICE PLANNING DE-
CISIONS. 
Section 208 of the Passenger Rail Invest-
ment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 208. METHODOLOGIES FOR AMTRAK ROUTE 
AND SERVICE PLANNING DECISIONS. 
‘‘(a) M ETHODOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, as a condition of receiv-ing a grant under section 101 of that Act, Amtrak shall obtain the services of an inde-pendent entity to develop and recommend objective methodologies for Amtrak to use in determining what intercity rail passenger transportation routes and services it should provide, including the establishment of new routes, the elimination of existing routes, and the contraction or expansion of services or frequencies over such routes. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Amtrak shall re-
quire the independent entity, in developing the methodologies described in subsection (a), to consider— 
‘‘(1) the current and expected performance 
and service quality of intercity rail pas-senger transportation operations, including cost recovery, on-time performance, rider-ship, on-board services, stations, facilities, equipment, and other services; 
‘‘(2) the connectivity of a route with other 
routes; 
‘‘(3) the transportation needs of commu-
nities and populations that are not well served by intercity rail passenger transpor-tation service or by other forms of intercity transportation; 
‘‘(4) the methodologies of Amtrak and 
major intercity rail passenger transpor-
tation service providers in other countries for determining intercity passenger rail routes and services; 
‘‘(5) the financial and operational effects 
on the overall network, including the effects on indirect costs; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5997 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(6) the views of States and the rec-
ommendations described in State rail plans, rail carriers that own infrastructure over which Amtrak operates, Interstate Compacts established by Congress and States, Amtrak employee representatives, stakeholder orga-nizations, and other interested parties; and 
‘‘(7) the funding levels that will be avail-
able under authorization levels that have been enacted into law. 
‘‘(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of enactment of the Rail-road Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, Amtrak shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives recommendations developed by the independent entity under subsection (a). 
‘‘(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date 
the recommendations are transmitted under subsection (c), Amtrak shall consider the adoption of each recommendation and trans-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report explaining the reasons for adopting or not adopting each recommenda-tion.’’. 
SEC. 35205. COMPETITION. 
(a) A LTERNATE PASSENGER RAILSERVICE  
PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 24711 is amended 
to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 24711. Alternate passenger rail service 
pilot program 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Effi-ciency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall promulgate a rule to implement a pilot program for competitive selection of rail carriers for long-distance routes (as defined in section 24102). 
‘‘(b) P
ILOT PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The pilot program 
shall— 
‘‘(A) allow a party described in paragraph 
(2) to petition the Secretary to provide inter-city rail passenger transportation over a long-distance route in lieu of Amtrak for an operations period of 4 years from the date of commencement of service by the winning bidder and, at the option of the Secretary, consistent with the rule promulgated under subsection (a), allow the contract to be re-newed for an additional operations period of 4 years, but not to exceed a total of 3 oper-ations periods; 
‘‘(B) require the Secretary to— ‘‘(i) notify the petitioner and Amtrak of re-
ceipt of the petition under subparagraph (A) and to publish in the Federal Register a no-tice of receipt not later than 30 days after the date of receipt; and 
‘‘(ii) establish a deadline, of not more than 
120 days after the notice of receipt is pub-lished in the Federal Register under clause (i), by which both the petitioner and Am-trak, if Amtrak chooses to do so, would be required to submit a complete bid to provide intercity rail passenger transportation over the applicable route; 
‘‘(C) require that each bid— ‘‘(i) describe the capital needs, financial 
projections, and operational plans, including staffing plans, for the service, and such other factors as the Secretary considers appro-priate; and 
‘‘(ii) be made available by the winning bid-
der to the public after the bid award; 
‘‘(D) for a route that receives funding from 
a State or States, require that for each bid received from a party described in paragraph (2), other than a State, the Secretary have the concurrence of the State or States that 
provide funding for that route; 
‘‘(E) for a winning bidder that is not or 
does not include Amtrak, require the Sec-retary to execute a contract not later than 270 days after the deadline established under subparagraph (B)(ii) and award to the win-ning bidder— 
‘‘(i) subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), the 
right and obligation to provide intercity rail passenger transportation over that route subject to such performance standards as the Secretary may require; and 
‘‘(ii) an operating subsidy, as determined 
by the Secretary, for— 
‘‘(I) the first year at a level that does not 
exceed 90 percent of the level in effect for that specific route during the fiscal year pre-ceding the fiscal year in which the petition was received, adjusted for inflation; and 
‘‘(II) any subsequent years at the level cal-
culated under subclause (I), adjusted for in-flation; and 
‘‘(F) for a winning bidder that is or in-
cludes Amtrak, award to that bidder an oper-ating subsidy, as determined by the Sec-retary, over the applicable route that will not change during the fiscal year in which the bid was submitted solely as a result of the winning bid. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE PETITIONERS .—The following 
parties are eligible to submit petitions under paragraph (1): 
‘‘(A) A rail carrier or rail carriers that own 
the infrastructure over which Amtrak oper-ates a long-distance route. 
‘‘(B) A rail passenger carrier with a writ-
ten agreement with the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(C) A State, group of States, or State-sup-
ported joint powers authority or other sub- State governance entity responsible for pro-vision of intercity rail passenger transpor-tation with a written agreement with the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the in-frastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transpor-tation. 
‘‘(D) A State, group of States, or State- 
supported joint powers authority or other sub-State governance entity responsible for provision of intercity rail passenger trans-portation and a rail passenger carrier with a written agreement with the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a long-distance route and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(3) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARDS .—If the win-
ning bidder under paragraph (1)(E)(i) is not or does not include Amtrak, the performance standards shall be consistent with the per-formance required of or achieved by Amtrak on the applicable route during the last fiscal year. 
‘‘(4) A
GREEMENT GOVERNING ACCESS  
ISSUES .—Unless the winning bidder already 
has applicable access agreements in place or includes a rail carrier that owns the infra-structure used in the operation of the route, the winning bidder under paragraph (1)(E)(i) shall enter into a written agreement gov-erning access issues between the winning bidder and the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which the winning bidder would operate and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(c) A
CCESS TO FACILITIES ; EMPLOYEES .—If 
the Secretary awards the right and obliga-tion to provide rail passenger transportation over a route under this section to an entity in lieu of Amtrak— ‘‘(1) the Secretary shall require Amtrak to 
provide access to the Amtrak-owned reserva-tion system, stations, and facilities directly related to operations of the awarded routes to the rail passenger carrier awarded a con-tract under this section, in accordance with subsection (g), as necessary to carry out the purposes of this section; 
‘‘(2) an employee of any person, except for 
a freight railroad or a person employed or contracted by a freight railroad, used by such rail passenger carrier in the operation of a route under this section shall be consid-ered an employee of that rail passenger car-rier and subject to the applicable Federal laws and regulations governing similar crafts or classes of employees of Amtrak; and 
‘‘(3) the winning bidder shall provide hiring 
preference to qualified Amtrak employees displaced by the award of the bid, consistent with the staffing plan submitted by the bid-der, and shall be subject to the grant condi-tions under section 24405. 
‘‘(d) C
ESSATION OF SERVICE .—If a rail pas-
senger carrier awarded a route under this section ceases to operate the service or fails to fulfill an obligation under the contract re-quired under subsection (b)(1)(E), the Sec-retary shall take any necessary action con-sistent with this title to enforce the contract and ensure the continued provision of serv-ice, including— 
‘‘(1) the installment of an interim rail pas-
senger carrier; 
‘‘(2) providing to the interim rail passenger 
carrier under paragraph (1) an operating sub-sidy necessary to provide service; and 
‘‘(3) rebidding the contract to operate the 
rail passenger transportation. 
‘‘(e) B
UDGET AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide to a winning bidder that is not or does not include Amtrak and that is selected under this section any appropriations with-held under section 35101(c) of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent appropriation for the same purpose, necessary to cover the oper-ating subsidy described in subsection (b)(1)(E)(ii). 
‘‘(2) A
MTRAK .—If the Secretary selects a 
winning bidder that is not or does not in-clude Amtrak, the Secretary may provide to Amtrak an appropriate portion of the appro-priations under section 35101(a) of the Rail-road Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, or any subsequent appropriation for the same purpose, to cover any cost directly at-tributable to the termination of Amtrak service on the route and any indirect costs to Amtrak imposed on other Amtrak routes as a result of losing service on the route op-erated by the winning bidder. Any amount provided by the Secretary to Amtrak under this paragraph shall not be deducted from or have any effect on the operating subsidy de-scribed in subsection (b)(1)(E)(ii). 
‘‘(f) D
EADLINE .—If the Secretary does not 
promulgate the final rule and implement the program before the deadline under sub-section (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a letter, signed by the Secretary and Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration, each month until the rule is complete, including— 
‘‘(1) the reasons why the rule has not been 
issued; 
‘‘(2) an updated staffing plan for com-
pleting the rule as soon as feasible; 
‘‘(3) the contact information of the official 
that will be overseeing the execution of the staffing plan; and 
‘‘(4) the estimated date of completion of 
the rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5998 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(g) D ISPUTES .—If Amtrak and the rail pas-
senger carrier awarded a route under this section cannot agree upon terms to carry out subsection (c)(1), and the Surface Transpor-tation Board finds that access to Amtrak’s facilities or equipment, or the provision of services by Amtrak, is necessary under sub-section (c)(1) and that the operation of Am-trak’s other services will not be impaired thereby, the Surface Transportation Board shall issue an order that the facilities and equipment be made available, and that serv-ices be provided, by Amtrak, and shall deter-mine reasonable compensation, liability, and other terms for use of the facilities and equipment and provision of the services. 
‘‘(h) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 3 long- 
distance routes may be selected under this section for operation by a winning bidder that is not or does not include Amtrak. 
‘‘(i) P
RESERVATION OF RIGHT TO COMPETI -
TION ON STATE -SUPPORTED ROUTES .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed as prohib-iting a State from introducing competition for intercity rail passenger transportation or services on its State-supported route or routes.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after 
the date of implementation of the pilot pro-gram under section 24711 of title 49, United States Code, and quadrennially thereafter until the pilot program is discontinued, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results on the pilot program to date and any rec-ommendations for further action. 
SEC. 35206. ROLLING STOCK PURCHASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Prior to entering into 
any contract in excess of $100,000,000 for roll-ing stock and locomotive procurements Am-trak shall submit a business case analysis to the Secretary, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives, on the utility of such procurements. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The business case analysis 
shall— 
(1) include a cost and benefit comparison 
that describes the total lifecycle costs and the anticipated benefits related to revenue, operational efficiency, reliability, and other factors; 
(2) set forth the total payments by fiscal 
year; 
(3) identify the specific source and 
amounts of funding for each payment, in-cluding Federal funds, State funds, Amtrak profits, Federal, State, or private loans or loan guarantees, and other funding; 
(4) include an explanation of whether any 
payment under the contract will increase Amtrak’s grant request, as required under section 24318 of title 49, United States Code, in that particular fiscal year; and 
(5) describe how Amtrak will adjust the 
procurement if future funding is not avail-able. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as requiring Amtrak to disclose confidential information regarding a potential vendor’s proposed pric-ing or other sensitive business information prior to contract execution. 
SEC. 35207. FOOD AND BEVERAGE POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 243, as amended 
in section 35202 of this Act, is further amend-ed by adding after section 24320 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 24321. Food and beverage reform 
‘‘(a) P
LAN.—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, Am-
trak shall develop and begin implementing a plan to eliminate, not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of that Act, the operating loss associated with providing food and beverage service on board Amtrak trains. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing and 
implementing the plan under subsection (a), Amtrak shall consider a combination of cost management and revenue generation initia-tives, including— 
‘‘(1) scheduling optimization; ‘‘(2) onboard logistics; ‘‘(3) product development and supply chain 
efficiency; 
‘‘(4) training, awards, and accountability; ‘‘(5) technology enhancements and process 
improvements; and 
‘‘(6) ticket revenue allocation. 
‘‘(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Amtrak shall en-
sure that no Amtrak employee holding a po-sition as of the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Effi-ciency Act is involuntarily separated be-cause of— 
‘‘(1) the development and implementation 
of the plan required under subsection (a); or 
‘‘(2) any other action taken by Amtrak to 
implement this section. 
‘‘(d) N
OFEDERAL FUNDING FOR OPERATING  
LOSSES .—Beginning on the date that is 4 
years after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Effi-ciency Act, no Federal funds may be used to cover any operating loss associated with pro-viding food and beverage service on a route operated by Amtrak or an alternative pas-senger rail service provider that operates a route in lieu of Amtrak under section 24711. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, and annually thereafter for a period of 4 years, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the plan devel-oped under subsection (a) and a description of progress in the implementation of the plan.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 243, as amended in sec-tion 35202 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘24321. Food and beverage reform.’’. 
SEC. 35208. LOCAL PRODUCTS AND PRO-
MOTIONAL EVENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, Am-trak shall establish a pilot program for a State or States that sponsor a State-sup-ported route operated by Amtrak to facili-tate— 
(1) onboard purchase and sale of local food 
and beverage products; and 
(2) partnerships with local entities to hold 
promotional events on trains or in stations. 
(b) P
ROGRAM DESIGN .—The pilot program 
under paragraph (1) shall allow a State or States— 
(1) to nominate and select a local food and 
beverage products supplier or suppliers or local promotional event partner; 
(2) to charge a reasonable price or fee for 
local food and beverage products or pro-motional events and related activities to help defray the costs of program administra-tion and State-supported routes; and 
(3) a mechanism to ensure that State prod-
ucts can effectively be handled and inte-grated into existing food and beverage serv-ices, including compliance with all applica-ble regulations and standards governing such services. 
(c) P
ROGRAM ADMINISTRATION .—The pilot 
program shall— (1) for local food and beverage products, en-
sure the products are integrated into exist-ing food and beverage services, including compliance with all applicable regulations and standards; 
(2) for promotional events, ensure the 
events are held in compliance with all appli-cable regulations and standards, including terms to address insurance requirements; and 
(3) require an annual report that docu-
ments revenues and costs and indicates whether the products or events resulted in a reduction in the financial contribution of a State or States to the applicable State-sup-ported route. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after 
the date of establishment of the pilot pro-grams under this section, Amtrak shall re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives on which States have participated in the pilot programs under this section. The report shall summarize the financial and operational outcomes of the pilot programs. 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed as lim-iting Amtrak’s ability to operate special trains in accordance with section 216 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24308 note). 
SEC. 35209. RIGHT-OF-WAY LEVERAGING. 
(a) R EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall issue a Request for Proposals seeking qualified persons or entities to utilize right- of-way and real estate owned, controlled, or managed by Amtrak for telecommunications systems, energy distribution systems, and other activities considered appropriate by Amtrak. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The Request for Proposals 
shall provide sufficient information on the right-of-way and real estate assets to enable respondents to propose an arrangement that will monetize or generate additional revenue from such assets through revenue sharing or leasing agreements with Amtrak, to the ex-tent possible. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF PROPOSALS .—Not 
later than 180 days following the deadline for the receipt of proposals under subsection (a), Amtrak shall review and consider each quali-fied proposal. Amtrak may enter into such agreements as are necessary to implement any qualified proposal. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 270 days fol-
lowing the deadline for the receipt of pro-posals under subsection (a), Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the Request for Proposals required by this section, including summary information of any proposals submitted to Amtrak and any proposals accepted by Am-trak. 
(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed to limit Amtrak’s ability to utilize right-of-way or real estate assets that it currently owns, controls, or manages or constrain Amtrak’s ability to enter into agreements with other parties to utilize such assets. 
SEC. 35210. STATION DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) R EPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OPTIONS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, Amtrak shall submit a re-port to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that describes— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5999 July 27, 2015 
(1) options to enhance economic develop-
ment and accessibility of and around Am-trak stations and terminals, for the purposes of— 
(A) improving station condition, 
functionality, capacity, and customer amen-ities; 
(B) generating additional investment cap-
ital and development-related revenue streams; 
(C) increasing ridership and revenue; (D) complying with the applicable sections 
of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) and the Rehabili-tation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.); and 
(E) strengthening multimodal connections, 
including transit, intercity buses, roll-on and roll-off bicycles, and airports, as appro-priate; and 
(2) options for additional Amtrak stops 
that would have a positive incremental fi-nancial impact to Amtrak, based on Amtrak feasibility studies that demonstrate a finan-cial benefit to Amtrak by generating addi-tional revenue that exceeds any incremental costs. 
(b) R
EQUEST FOR INFORMATION .—Not later 
than 90 days after the date the report is transmitted under subsection (a), Amtrak shall issue a Request of Information for 1 or more owners of stations served by Amtrak to formally express an interest in completing the requirements of this section. 
(c) P
ROPOSALS .— 
(1) R EQUEST FOR PROPOSALS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date the Request for Information is issued under subsection (a), Amtrak shall issue a Request for Proposals from qualified persons, including small busi-ness concerns owned and controlled by so-cially and economically disadvantaged indi-viduals and veteran-owned small businesses, to lead, participate, or partner with Amtrak, a station owner that responded under sub-section (b), and other entities in enhancing development in and around such stations and terminals using applicable options identified under subsection (a) at facilities selected by Amtrak. 
(2) C
ONSIDERATION OF PROPOSALS .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date the Request for Proposals are issued under paragraph (1), Amtrak shall review and consider qualified proposals submitted under paragraph (1). Amtrak or a station owner that responded under subsection (b) may enter into such agreements as are necessary to implement any qualified proposal. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall transmit to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the Request for Proposals process required under this sec-tion, including summary information of any qualified proposals submitted to Amtrak and any proposals acted upon by Amtrak or a station owner that responded under sub-section (b). 
(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘small business concern’’, ‘‘socially and eco-nomically disadvantaged individual’’, and ‘‘veteran-owned small business’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 304(c) of this Act. 
(f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall be construed to limit Amtrak’s ability to develop its stations, terminals, or other assets, to constrain Amtrak’s ability to enter into and carry out agreements with other parties to enhance development at or around Amtrak stations or terminals, or to affect any station development initiatives ongoing as of the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 35211. AMTRAK DEBT. 
Section 205 of the Passenger Rail Invest-
ment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘as of the date of enactment 
of this Act’’ each place it appears; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, to the extent provided 
in advance in appropriations Acts’’ after ‘‘Amtrak’s indebtedness’’; and 
(B) by striking the second sentence; (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in consultation’’ and inserting ‘‘To the extent amounts are pro-vided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation’’; 
(4) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘, to the 
extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts’’ after ‘‘as appropriate’’; 
(5) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘by sec-
tion 102 of this division’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘by sec-
tion 102’’ and inserting ‘‘for Amtrak’’; 
(6) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘, unless 
that debt receives credit assistance, includ-ing direct loans and loan guarantees, under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code or title V of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 821 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; and 
(7) by striking subsection (h). 
SEC. 35212. AMTRAK PILOT PROGRAM FOR PAS-
SENGERS TRANSPORTING DOMES-TICATED CATS AND DOGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, Am-trak shall develop a pilot program that al-lows passengers to transport domesticated cats or dogs on certain trains operated by 
Amtrak. 
(b) P
ETPOLICY .—In developing the pilot 
program required under subsection (a), Am-trak shall— 
(1) in the case of a passenger train that is 
comprised of more than 1 car, designate, where feasible, at least 1 car in which a ticketed passenger may transport a domes-ticated cat or dog in the same manner as carry-on baggage if— 
(A) the cat or dog is contained in a pet 
kennel; 
(B) the pet kennel complies with Amtrak 
size requirements for carriage of carry-on baggage; 
(C) the passenger is traveling on a train op-
erating on a route described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of section 24102(6) of title 49, United States Code; and 
(D) the passenger pays a fee described in 
paragraph (3); 
(2) allow a ticketed passenger to transport 
a domesticated cat or dog on a train in the same manner as cargo if— 
(A) the cat or dog is contained in a pet 
kennel; 
(B) the pet kennel is stowed in accordance 
with Amtrak requirements for cargo stow-age; 
(C) the passenger is traveling on a train op-
erating on a route described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (D) of section 24102(6) of title 49, United States Code; 
(D) the cargo area is temperature con-
trolled in a manner protective of cat and dog safety and health; and 
(E) the passenger pays a fee described in 
paragraph (3); and 
(3) collect fees for each cat or dog trans-
ported by a ticketed passenger in an amount that, in the aggregate and at a minimum, covers the full costs of the pilot program. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the pilot program required under subsection (a) is first implemented, Amtrak shall trans-mit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-
tives a report containing an evaluation of the pilot program. 
(d) L
IMITATION ON STATUTORY CONSTRUC -
TION.— 
(1) S ERVICE ANIMALS .—The pilot program 
under subsection (a) shall be separate from and in addition to the policy governing Am-trak passengers traveling with service ani-mals. Nothing in this section may be inter-preted to limit or waive the rights of pas-sengers to transport service animals. 
(2) A
DDITIONAL TRAIN CARS .—Nothing in 
this section may be interpreted to require Amtrak to add additional train cars or mod-ify existing train cars. 
(3) F
EDERAL FUNDS .—No Federal funds may 
be used to implement the pilot program re-quired under this section. 
SEC. 35213. AMTRAK BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24302(a) is amend-
ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) C OMPOSITION AND TERMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Amtrak Board of Di-
rectors (referred to in this section as the ‘Board’) is composed of the following 9 direc-tors, each of whom must be a citizen of the United States: 
‘‘(A) The Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(B) The President of Amtrak. ‘‘(C) 7 individuals appointed by the Presi-
dent of the United States, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, with gen-eral business and financial experience, expe-rience or qualifications in transportation, freight and passenger rail transportation, travel, hospitality, or passenger air trans-portation businesses, or representatives of employees or users of passenger rail trans-portation or a State government. 
‘‘(2) S
ELECTION .—In selecting individuals 
described in paragraph (1)(C) for nominations for appointments to the Board, the President shall consult with the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the minority leader of the House of Representatives, the majority leader of the Senate, and the minority leader of the Senate. The individuals appointed to the Board under paragraph (1)(C) shall be composed of the following; 
‘‘(A) 2 individuals from the Northeast Cor-
ridor. 
‘‘(B) 4 individuals from regions of the coun-
try outside of the Northeast Corridor and geographically distributed with— 
‘‘(i) 2 individuals from States with long- 
distance routes operated by Amtrak; and 
‘‘(ii) 2 individuals from States with State- 
supported routes operated by Amtrak. 
‘‘(C) 1 individual from the Northeast Cor-
ridor or a State with long-distance or State- supported routes. 
‘‘(3) T
ERM.—An individual appointed under 
paragraph (1)(C) shall be appointed for a term of 5 years. The term may be extended until the individual’s successor is appointed and qualified. Not more than 4 individuals appointed under paragraph (1)(C) may be members of the same political party. 
‘‘(4) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .— 
The Board shall elect a chairperson and vice chairperson, other than the President of Am-trak, from among its membership. The vice chairperson shall serve as chairperson in the absence of the chairperson. 
‘‘(5) S
ECRETARY ’S DESIGNEE .—The Sec-
retary may be represented at Board meetings by the Secretary’s designee.’’. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed as affecting the term of any director serving on the Am-trak Board of Directors under section 24302(a)(1)(C) of title 49, United States Code, on the day preceding the date of enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6000 July 27, 2015 
SEC. 35214. AMTRAK BOARDING PROCEDURES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Am-trak Office of Inspector General shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that— 
(1) evaluates Amtrak’s boarding procedures 
for passengers, including passengers using or transporting nonmotorized transportation, such as wheelchairs and bicycles, at its 15 stations through which the most people pass; 
(2) compares Amtrak’s boarding procedures 
to— 
(A) commuter railroad boarding procedures 
at stations shared with Amtrak; 
(B) international intercity passenger rail 
boarding procedures; and 
(C) fixed guideway transit boarding proce-
dures; and 
(3) makes recommendations, as appro-
priate, in consultation with the Transpor-tation Security Administration, to improve Amtrak’s boarding procedures, including recommendations regarding the queuing of passengers and free-flow of all station users and facility improvements needed to achieve the recommendations. 
(b) C
ONSIDERATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— 
Not later than 6 months after the report is submitted under subsection (a), Amtrak shall consider each recommendation pro-vided under subsection (a)(3) for implementa-tion at appropriate locations across the Am-trak system. 
Subtitle C—Intercity Passenger Rail Policy 
SEC. 35301. COMPETITIVE OPERATING GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 244 is amended— 
(1) by striking section 24406; and (2) by inserting after section 24405 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘§ 24406. Competitive operating grants 
‘‘(a) A
PPLICANT DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘applicant’ means— 
‘‘(1) a State; ‘‘(2) a group of States; ‘‘(3) an Interstate Compact; ‘‘(4) a public agency or publicly chartered 
authority established by 1 or more States and having responsibility for providing inter-city rail passenger transportation or com-muter rail passenger transportation; 
‘‘(5) a political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(6) Amtrak or another rail passenger car-
rier that provides intercity rail passenger transportation; 
‘‘(7) Any rail carrier in partnership with at 
least 1 of the entities described in para-graphs (1) through (5); and 
‘‘(8) any combination of the entities de-
scribed in paragraphs (1) through (7). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
of Transportation shall develop and imple-ment a program for issuing 3-year operating assistance grants to applicants, on a com-petitive basis, for the purpose of initiating, restoring, or enhancing intercity rail pas-senger service. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—An applicant for a 
grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) a capital and mobilization plan that— ‘‘(A) describes any capital investments, 
service planning actions (such as environ-mental reviews), and mobilization actions (such as qualification of train crews) re-quired for initiation of service; and 
‘‘(B) includes the timeline for undertaking 
and completing each of the investments and actions referred to in subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(2) an operating plan that describes the 
planned operation of the service, including— 
‘‘(A) the identity and qualifications of the 
train operator; 
‘‘(B) the identity and qualifications of any 
other service providers; ‘‘(C) service frequency; 
‘‘(D) the planned routes and schedules; ‘‘(E) the station facilities that will be uti-
lized; 
‘‘(F) projected ridership, revenues, and 
costs; 
‘‘(G) descriptions of how the projections 
under subparagraph (F) were developed; 
‘‘(H) the equipment that will be utilized, 
how such equipment will be acquired or re-furbished, and where such equipment will be maintained; and 
‘‘(I) a plan for ensuring safe operations and 
compliance with applicable safety regula-tions; 
‘‘(3) a funding plan that— ‘‘(A) describes the funding of initial capital 
costs and operating costs for the first 3 years of operation; 
‘‘(B) includes a commitment by the appli-
cant to provide the funds described in sub-paragraph (A) to the extent not covered by Federal grants and revenues; and 
‘‘(C) describes the funding of operating 
costs and capital costs, to the extent nec-essary, after the first 3 years of operation; and 
‘‘(4) a description of the status of negotia-
tions and agreements with— 
‘‘(A) each of the railroads or regional 
transportation authorities whose tracks or facilities would be utilized by the service; 
‘‘(B) the anticipated rail passenger carrier, 
if such entity is not part of the applicant group; and 
‘‘(C) any other service providers or entities 
expected to provide services or facilities that will be used by the service, including any re-quired access to Amtrak systems, stations, and facilities if Amtrak is not part of the ap-plicant group. 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITIES .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to applications— 
‘‘(1) for which planning, design, any envi-
ronmental reviews, negotiation of agree-ments, acquisition of equipment, construc-tion, and other actions necessary for initi-ation of service have been completed or near-ly completed; 
‘‘(2) that would restore service over routes 
formerly operated by Amtrak, including routes with international connections; 
‘‘(3) that would provide daily or daytime 
service over routes where such service did not previously exist; 
‘‘(4) that include private funding (including 
funding from railroads), and funding or other significant participation by State, local, and regional governmental and private entities; 
‘‘(5) that include a funding plan that dem-
onstrates the intercity rail passenger service will be financially sustainable beyond the 3- year grant period; 
‘‘(6) that would provide service to regions 
and communities that are underserved or not served by other intercity public transpor-tation; 
‘‘(7) that would foster economic develop-
ment, particularly in rural communities and for disadvantaged populations; 
‘‘(8) that would provide other non-trans-
portation benefits; and 
‘‘(9) that would enhance connectivity and 
geographic coverage of the existing national network of intercity passenger rail service. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) D URATION .—Federal operating assist-
ance grants authorized under this section for any individual intercity rail passenger trans-portation route may not provide funding for more than 3 years and may not be renewed. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 6 of the 
operating assistance grants awarded pursu-ant to subsection (b) may be simultaneously active. 
‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM FUNDING .—Grants described 
in paragraph (1) may not exceed— ‘‘(A) 80 percent of the projected net oper-
ating costs for the first year of service; 
‘‘(B) 60 percent of the projected net oper-
ating costs for the second year of service; and 
‘‘(C) 40 percent of the projected net oper-
ating costs for the third year of service. 
‘‘(f) U
SEWITHCAPITAL GRANTS AND OTHER  
FEDERAL FUNDING .—A recipient of an oper-
ating assistance grant under subsection (b) may use that grant in combination with other grants awarded under this chapter or any other Federal funding that would benefit the applicable service. 
‘‘(g) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated 
for carrying out this section shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(h) C
OORDINATION WITHAMTRAK .—If the 
Secretary awards a grant under this section to a rail passenger carrier other than Am-trak, Amtrak may be required under section 24711(c)(1) of this title to provide access to its reservation system, stations, and facili-ties that are directly related to operations to such carrier, to the extent necessary to carry out the purposes of this section. The Secretary may award an appropriate portion of the grant to Amtrak as compensation for this access. 
‘‘(i) C
ONDITIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANT AGREEMENT .—The Secretary 
shall require grant recipients under this sec-tion to enter into a grant agreement that re-quires them to provide similar information regarding the route performance, financial, and ridership projections, and capital and business plans that Amtrak is required to provide, and such other data and information as the Secretary deems necessary. 
‘‘(2) I
NSTALLMENTS ; TERMINATION .—The 
Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) award grants under this section in in-
stallments, as the Secretary considers appro-priate; and 
‘‘(B) terminate any grant agreement 
upon— 
‘‘(i) the cessation of service; or ‘‘(ii) the violation of any other term of the 
grant agreement. 
‘‘(3) G
RANT CONDITIONS .—Except as specifi-
cally provided in this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this section shall be subject to the requirements under this chapter. 
‘‘(j) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after 
the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary, after consultation with grant re-cipients under this section, shall submit a report to Congress that describes— 
‘‘(1) the implementation of this section; ‘‘(2) the status of the investments and op-
erations funded by such grants; 
‘‘(3) the performance of the routes funded 
by such grants; 
‘‘(4) the plans of grant recipients for con-
tinued operation and funding of such routes; and 
‘‘(5) any legislative recommendations.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 244 
is amended— 
(1) in the table of contents, by inserting 
after the item relating to section 24405 the following: 
‘‘24406. Competitive operating grants.’’; 
(2) in the chapter title, by striking 
‘‘INTERCITY PASSENGER RAIL SERVICE 
CORRIDOR CAPITAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘ RAIL 
CAPITAL AND OPERATING ’’; 
(3) in section 24401, by striking paragraph 
(1); 
(4) in section 24402, by striking subsection 
(j) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(j) A
PPLICANT DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘applicant’ means a State (includ-ing the District of Columbia), a group of States, an Interstate Compact, a public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6001 July 27, 2015 
agency or publicly chartered authority es-
tablished by 1 or more States and having re-sponsibility for providing intercity rail pas-senger transportation, or a political subdivi-sion of a State.’’; and 
(5) in section 24405— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, or for which an oper-
ating grant is issued under section 24406,’’ after ‘‘chapter’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(43’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(45’’; 
(B) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or unless Amtrak ceased providing intercity passenger railroad transportation over the affected route more than 3 years before the commencement of new service’’ after ‘‘unless such service was provided solely by Amtrak to another entity’’; 
(C) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘under 
this chapter for commuter rail passenger transportation, as defined in section 24012(4) of this title.’’ and inserting ‘‘under this chapter for commuter rail passenger trans-portation (as defined in section 24102(3)).’’; and 
(D) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) S
PECIAL TRANSPORTATION CIR-
CUMSTANCES .—In carrying out this chapter, 
the Secretary shall allocate an appropriate portion of the amounts available under this chapter to provide grants to States— 
‘‘(1) in which there is no intercity pas-
senger rail service, for the purpose of funding freight rail capital projects that are on a State rail plan developed under chapter 227 that provide public benefits (as defined in chapter 227), as determined by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(2) in which the rail transportation sys-
tem is not physically connected to rail sys-tems in the continental United States or may not otherwise qualify for a grant under this section due to the unique characteris-tics of the geography of that State or other relevant considerations, for the purpose of funding transportation-related capital projects.’’. 
SEC. 35302. FEDERAL-STATE PARTNERSHIP FOR 
STATE OF GOOD REPAIR. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 244 is amended 
by inserting after section 24406, as added by section 5301 of this Act, the following: 
‘‘§ 24407. Federal-State partnership for state 
of good repair 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A PPLICANT .—The term ‘applicant’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) a State (including the District of Co-
lumbia); 
‘‘(B) a group of States; ‘‘(C) an Interstate Compact; ‘‘(D) a public agency or publicly chartered 
authority established by 1 or more States that has responsibility for providing inter-
city rail passenger transportation or com-muter rail passenger transportation; 
‘‘(E) a political subdivision of a State; ‘‘(F) Amtrak, acting on its own behalf or 
under a cooperative agreement with 1 or more States; or 
‘‘(G) any combination of the entities de-
scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (F). 
‘‘(2) C
APITAL PROJECT .—The term ‘capital 
project’ means— 
‘‘(A) a project primarily intended to re-
place, rehabilitate, or repair major infra-structure assets utilized for providing inter-city passenger rail service, including tun-nels, bridges, stations, and other assets, as determined by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(B) a project primarily intended to im-
prove intercity passenger rail performance, including reduced trip times, increased train frequencies, higher operating speeds, and other improvements, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR .—The term 
‘Northeast Corridor’ means— 
‘‘(A) the main rail line between Boston, 
Massachusetts and the Virginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia; and 
‘‘(B) the branch rail lines connecting to 
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Mas-sachusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York. 
‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED RAILROAD ASSET .—The term 
‘qualified railroad asset’ means infrastruc-ture, equipment, or a facility that— 
‘‘(A) is owned or controlled by an eligible 
applicant; and 
‘‘(B) was not in a state of good repair on 
the date of enactment of the Railroad Re-form, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act. 
‘‘(b) G
RANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The 
Secretary of Transportation shall develop and implement a program for issuing grants to applicants, on a competitive basis, to fund capital projects that reduce the state of good repair backlog on qualified railroad assets. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Projects eligible 
for grants under this section include capital projects to replace or rehabilitate qualified railroad assets, including— 
‘‘(1) capital projects to replace existing as-
sets in-kind; 
‘‘(2) capital projects to replace existing as-
sets with assets that increase capacity or provide a higher level of service; and 
‘‘(3) capital projects to ensure that service 
can be maintained while existing assets are brought to a state of good repair. 
‘‘(d) P
ROJECT SELECTION CRITERIA .—In se-
lecting an applicant for a grant under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) give preference to eligible projects— ‘‘(A) that are consistent with the goals, ob-
jectives, and policies defined in any regional rail planning document that is applicable to a project proposal; and 
‘‘(B) for which the proposed Federal share 
of total project costs does not exceed 50 per-cent; and 
‘‘(2) take into account— ‘‘(A) the cost-benefit analysis of the pro-
posed project, including anticipated private and public benefits relative to the costs of the proposed project, including— 
‘‘(i) effects on system and service perform-
ance; 
‘‘(ii) effects on safety, competitiveness, re-
liability, trip or transit time, and resilience; 
‘‘(iii) efficiencies from improved integra-
tion with other modes; and 
‘‘(iv) ability to meet existing or antici-
pated demand; 
‘‘(B) the degree to which the proposed 
project’s business plan considers potential private sector participation in the financing, construction, or operation of the proposed project; 
‘‘(C) the applicant’s past performance in 
developing and delivering similar projects, and previous financial contributions; 
‘‘(D) whether the applicant has, or will 
have— 
‘‘(i) the legal, financial, and technical ca-
pacity to carry out the project; 
‘‘(ii) satisfactory continuing control over 
the use of the equipment or facilities; and 
‘‘(iii) the capability and willingness to 
maintain the equipment or facilities; 
‘‘(E) if applicable, the consistency of the 
project with planning guidance and docu-ments set forth by the Secretary or required by law; and 
‘‘(F) any other relevant factors, as deter-
mined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(e) P
LANNING REQUIREMENTS .—A project is 
not eligible for a grant under this section un-less the project is specifically identified— 
‘‘(1) on a State rail plan prepared in ac-
cordance with chapter 227; or 
‘‘(2) if the project is located on the North-
east Corridor, on the Northeast Corridor Capital Investment Plan developed pursuant 
to section 24904(a). 
‘‘(f) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPLIANCE WITH USAGE AGREE -
MENTS .—Grant funds may not be provided 
under this section to an eligible recipient for an eligible project located on the Northeast Corridor unless Amtrak and the public au-thorities providing commuter rail passenger transportation on the Northeast Corridor are in compliance with section 24905(c)(2). 
‘‘(2) C
APITAL INVESTMENT PLAN .—When se-
lecting projects located on the Northeast Corridor, the Secretary shall consider the appropriate sequence and phasing of projects as contained in the Northeast Corridor Cap-ital Investment Plan developed pursuant to section 24904(a). 
‘‘(g) F
EDERAL SHARE OF TOTAL PROJECT  
COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) T OTAL PROJECT COST .—The Secretary 
shall estimate the total cost of a project under this section based on the best avail-able information, including engineering studies, studies of economic feasibility, envi-ronmental analyses, and information on the 
expected use of equipment or facilities. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
total costs for a project under this sub-section shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF AMTRAK REVENUE .—If 
Amtrak or another rail passenger carrier is an applicant under this section, Amtrak or the other rail passenger carrier, as applica-ble, may use ticket and other revenues gen-erated from its operations and other sources to satisfy the non-Federal share require-ments. 
‘‘(h) L
ETTERS OF INTENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may issue 
a letter of intent to a grantee under this sec-tion that— 
‘‘(A) announces an intention to obligate, 
for a major capital project under this sec-tion, an amount from future available budg-et authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipulated as the financial participation of the Secretary in the project; and 
‘‘(B) states that the contingent commit-
ment— 
‘‘(i) is not an obligation of the Federal 
Government; and 
‘‘(ii) is subject to the availability of appro-
priations under Federal law and to Federal laws in force or enacted after the date of the contingent commitment. 
‘‘(2) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
before issuing a letter under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit written notifica-tion to— 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; 
‘‘(ii) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate; 
‘‘(iii) the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives; and 
‘‘(iv) the Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The notification sub-
mitted pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall include— 
‘‘(i) a copy of the proposed letter or agree-
ment; 
‘‘(ii) the criteria used under subsection (d) 
for selecting the project for a grant award; and 
‘‘(iii) a description of how the project 
meets such criteria. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROPRIATIONS REQUIRED .—An obliga-
tion or administrative commitment may be made under this section only when amounts are appropriated for such purpose. 
‘‘(i) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated 
for carrying out this section shall remain available until expended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6002 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(j) G RANT CONDITIONS .—Except as specifi-
cally provided in this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this section shall be subject to the requirements under this chapter.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for chapter 244 is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 24406 the following: 
‘‘24407. Federal-State partnership for state of 
good repair.’’. 
SEC. 35303. LARGE CAPITAL PROJECT REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
Section 24402 is amended by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(m) L ARGE CAPITAL PROJECT REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For a grant awarded 
under this chapter for an amount in excess of $1,000,000,000, the following conditions shall apply: 
‘‘(A) The Secretary of Transportation may 
not obligate any funding unless the appli-cant demonstrates, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that the applicant has com-mitted, and will be able to fulfill, the non- Federal share required for the grant within the applicant’s proposed project completion timetable. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary may not obligate any 
funding for work activities that occur after the completion of final design unless— 
‘‘(i) the applicant submits a financial plan 
to the Secretary that generally identifies the sources of the non-Federal funding required for any subsequent segments or phases of the corridor service development program cov-ering the project for which the grant is awarded; 
‘‘(ii) the grant will result in a useable seg-
ment, a transportation facility, or equip-ment, that has operational independence or is financially sustainable; and 
‘‘(iii) the intercity passenger rail benefits 
anticipated to result from the grant, such as increased speed, improved on-time perform-ance, reduced trip time, increased fre-quencies, new service, safety improvements, improved accessibility, or other significant enhancements, are detailed by the grantee and approved by the Secretary. 
‘‘(C)(i) The Secretary shall ensure that the 
project is maintained to the level of utility that is necessary to support the benefits ap-proved under subparagraph (B)(iii) for a pe-riod of 20 years from the date on which the useable segment, transportation facility, or equipment described in subparagraph (B)(ii) is placed in service. 
‘‘(ii) If the project property is not main-
tained as required under clause (i) for a 12- month period, the grant recipient shall re-fund a pro-rata share of the Federal con-tribution, based upon the percentage remain-ing of the 20-year period that commenced when the project property was placed in service. 
‘‘(2) E
ARLY WORK .—The Secretary may 
allow a grantee subject to this subsection to engage in at-risk work activities subsequent to the conclusion of final design if the Sec-retary determines that such work activities are reasonable and necessary.’’. 
SEC. 35304. SMALL BUSINESS PARTICIPATION 
STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary shall conduct a 
nationwide disparity and availability study on the availability and use of small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals and veteran-owned small businesses in pub-licly funded intercity passenger rail service projects. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit a report containing the results of the study conducted under sub-section (a) to the Committee on Commerce, 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) S MALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term 
‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632), except that the 
term does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same socially and economically disadvantaged individual or individuals that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000, as adjusted an-nually by the Secretary for inflation. 
(2) S
OCIALLY AND ECONOMICALLY DISADVAN -
TAGED INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘‘socially and 
economically disadvantaged individual’’ has the meaning given such term in section 8(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(d)) and relevant subcontracting regulations issued pursuant to such Act, except that women shall be presumed to be socially and economically disadvantaged individuals for purposes of this section. 
(3) V
ETERAN -OWNED SMALL BUSINESS .—The 
term ‘‘veteran-owned small business’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by veterans’’ in section 3(q)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(q)(3)), except that the term does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same veterans that have average annual gross receipts dur-ing the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000, as adjusted annually by the Sec-retary for inflation. 
SEC. 35305. GULF COAST RAIL SERVICE WORKING 
GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene a working group to evaluate the restoration of intercity rail pas-senger service in the Gulf Coast region be-tween New Orleans, Louisiana, and Orlando, Florida. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The working group con-
vened pursuant to subsection (a) shall con-sist of representatives of— 
(1) the Federal Railroad Administration, 
which shall serve as chair of the working group; 
(2) Amtrak; (3) the States along the proposed route or 
routes; 
(4) regional transportation planning orga-
nizations and metropolitan planning organi-zations, municipalities, and communities along the proposed route or routes, which shall be selected by the Administrator; 
(5) the Southern Rail Commission; (6) freight railroad carriers whose tracks 
may be used for such service; and 
(7) other entities determined appropriate 
by the Secretary, which may include inde-pendent passenger rail operators that ex-press an interest in Gulf Coast service. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group 
shall— 
(1) evaluate all options for restoring inter-
city rail passenger service in the Gulf Coast region, including options outlined in the re-port transmitted to Congress pursuant to section 226 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–432); 
(2) select a preferred option for restoring 
such service; 
(3) develop a prioritized inventory of cap-
ital projects and other actions required to restore such service and cost estimates for such projects or actions; and 
(4) identify Federal and non-Federal fund-
ing sources required to restore such service, including options for entering into public- private partnerships to restore such service. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 9 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the work-ing group shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that includes— 
(1) the preferred option selected under sub-
section (c)(2) and the reasons for selecting such option; 
(2) the information described in subsection 
(c)(3); 
(3) the funding sources identified under 
subsection (c)(4); 
(4) the costs and benefits of restoring inter-
city rail passenger transportation in the re-gion; and 
(5) any other information the working 
group determines appropriate. 
SEC. 35306. INTEGRATED PASSENGER RAIL 
WORKING GROUP. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene a working group to review issues relating to— 
(1) the potential operation of State-sup-
ported routes by rail passenger carriers other than Amtrak; and 
(2) their role in establishing an integrated 
intercity passenger rail network in the United States. 
(b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The working group shall 
consist of a balanced representation of— 
(1) the Federal Railroad Administration, 
who shall chair the Working Group; 
(2) States that fund State-sponsored 
routes; 
(3) independent passenger rail operators, 
including those that carry at least 5,000,000 passengers annually in United States or international rail service; 
(4) Amtrak; (5) railroads that host intercity State-sup-
ported routes; 
(6) employee representatives from railroad 
unions and building trade unions with sub-stantial engagement in railroad rights of way construction and maintenance; and 
(7) other entities determined appropriate 
by the Secretary. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group 
shall evaluate options for improving State- supported routes and may make rec-ommendations, as appropriate, regarding— 
(1) best practices for State or State author-
ity governance of State-supported routes; 
(2) future sources of Federal and non-Fed-
eral funding sources for State-supported routes; 
(3) best practices in obtaining passenger 
rail operations and services on a competitive basis with the objective of creating the high-est quality service at the lowest cost to the taxpayer; 
(4) ensuring potential interoperability of 
State-supported routes as a part of a na-tional network with multiple providers pro-viding integrated services including ticketing, scheduling, and route planning; and 
(5) the interface between State-supported 
routes and connecting commuter rail oper-ations, including maximized intra-modal and intermodal connections and common sources of funding for capital projects. 
(d) M
EETINGS .—Not later than 60 days after 
the establishment of the working group by the Secretary under subsection (a), the working group shall convene an organiza-tional meeting outside of the District of Co-lumbia and shall define the rules and proce-dures governing the proceedings of the work-ing group. The working group shall hold at least 3 meetings per year in States that fund State-supported routes. 
(e) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) P RELIMINARY REPORT .—Not later than 1 
year after the date the working group is es-tablished, the working group shall submit a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6003 July 27, 2015 
preliminary report to the Secretary, the 
Governors of States funding State-supported routes, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that includes— 
(A) administrative recommendations that 
can be implemented by a State and State au-thority or by the Secretary; and 
(B) preliminary legislative recommenda-
tions. 
(2) F
INAL LEGISLATIVE RECOMMENDATIONS .— 
Not later than 2 years after the date the working group is established, the working group shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that includes final legislative recommendations. 
SEC. 35307. SHARED-USE STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with Amtrak, commuter rail authorities, and other pas-senger rail operators, railroad carriers that own rail infrastructure over which both pas-senger and freight trains operate, States, the Surface Transportation Board, the Northeast Corridor Commission established under sec-tion 24905, the State-Supported Route Com-mittee established under section 24712, and groups representing rail passengers and cus-tomers, as appropriate, shall complete a study that evaluates— 
(1) the shared use of right-of-way by pas-
senger and freight rail systems; and 
(2) the operational, institutional, and legal 
structures that would best support improve-ments to the systems referred to in para-graph (1). 
(b) A
REAS OF STUDY .—In conducting the 
study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate— 
(1) the access and use of railroad right-of- 
way by a rail carrier that does not own the right-of-way, such as passenger rail services that operate over privately-owned right-of- way, including an analysis of— 
(A) access agreements; (B) costs of access; and (C) the resolution of disputes relating to 
such access or costs; 
(2) the effectiveness of existing contrac-
tual, statutory, and regulatory mechanisms for establishing, measuring, and enforcing train performance standards, including— 
(A) the manner in which passenger train 
delays are recorded; 
(B) the assignment of responsibility for 
such delays; and 
(C) the use of incentives and penalties for 
performance; 
(3) strengths and weaknesses in the exist-
ing mechanisms described in paragraph (2) and possible approaches to address the weak-nesses; 
(4) mechanisms for measuring and main-
taining public benefits resulting from pub-licly funded freight or passenger rail im-provements, including improvements di-rected towards shared-use right-of-way by passenger and freight rail; 
(5) approaches to operations, capacity, and 
cost estimation modeling that— 
(A) allows for transparent decisionmaking; 
and 
(B) protects the proprietary interests of all 
parties; 
(6) liability requirements and arrange-
ments, including— 
(A) whether to expand statutory liability 
limits to additional parties; 
(B) whether to revise the current statutory 
liability limits; 
(C) whether current insurance levels of 
passenger rail operators are adequate and whether to establish minimum insurance re-
quirements for such passenger rail operators; and 
(D) whether to establish a liability regime 
modeled after section 170 of the Atomic En-ergy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2210); 
(7) the effect on rail passenger services, op-
erations, liability limits and insurance levels of the assertion of sovereign immunity by a State; and 
(8) other issues identified by the Secretary. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after 
the study under subsection (a) is complete, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(1) the results of the study; and (2) any recommendations for further ac-
tion, including any legislative proposals con-sistent with such recommendations. 
(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall 
integrate the recommendations submitted under subsection (c) into its financial assist-ance programs under subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, and section 502 of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Re-form Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822), as appro-priate. 
SEC. 35308. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR COMMISSION. 
(a) C OMPOSITION .—Section 24905(a) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by inserting ‘‘, infrastructure invest-ments,’’ after ‘‘rail operations’’; 
(B) by amending subparagraph (B) to read 
as follows: 
‘‘(B) members representing the Depart-
ment of Transportation, including the Office of the Secretary, the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration, and the Federal Transit Ad-ministration;’’; and 
(C) in subparagraph (D) by inserting ‘‘and 
commuter’’ after ‘‘freight’’; and 
(2) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) The members of the Commission shall 
elect co-chairs consisting of 1 member de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B) and 1 member de-scribed in paragraph (1)(C).’’. 
(b) S
TATEMENT OF GOALS AND RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Section 24905(b) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and peri-
odically update’’ after ‘‘develop’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘beyond 
those specified in the state of good repair plan under section 211 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
UBMISSION OF STATEMENT OF GOALS , 
RECOMMENDATIONS , AND PERFORMANCE RE -
PORTS .—The Commission shall submit to the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives— 
‘‘(A) any updates made to the statement of 
goals developed under paragraph (1) not later than 60 days after such updates are made; and 
‘‘(B) annual performance reports and rec-
ommendations for improvements, as appro-priate, issued not later than March 31 of each year, for the prior fiscal year, which summa-rize— 
‘‘(i) the operations and performance of 
commuter, intercity, and freight rail trans-portation along the Northeast Corridor; and 
‘‘(ii) the delivery of the capital plan de-
scribed in section 24904.’’. 
(c) C
OST ALLOCATION POLICY .—Section 
24905(c) is amended— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘ACCESS COSTS’’ and inserting ‘‘A LLOCATION  
OFCOSTS’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— 
(A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘FORMULA ’’ and inserting ‘‘ POLICY ’’; 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘Within 2 years after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail In-vestment and Improvement Act of 2008, the Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commis-sion’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for-
mula’’ and inserting ‘‘policy’’; and 
(D) by striking subparagraph (B) through 
(D) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(B) develop a proposed timetable for im-
plementing the policy; 
‘‘(C) submit the policy and timetable de-
veloped under subparagraph (B) to the Sur-face Transportation Board, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; 
‘‘(D) not later than October 1, 2015, adopt 
and implement the policy in accordance with the timetable; and 
‘‘(E) with the consent of a majority of its 
members, the Commission may petition the Surface Transportation Board to appoint a mediator to assist the Commission members through nonbinding mediation to reach an agreement under this section.’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘formula proposed in’’ and 
inserting ‘‘policy developed under’’; and 
(B) in the second sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘the timetable, the Com-
mission shall petition the Surface Transpor-tation Board to’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(D) or fail to comply with the policy thereafter, the Surface Transportation Board shall’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘amounts for such services 
in accordance with section 24904(c) of this 
title’’ and inserting ‘‘for such usage in ac-cordance with the procedures and procedural schedule applicable to a proceeding under section 24903(c), after taking into consider-ation the policy developed under paragraph (1)(A), as applicable’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘formula’’ 
and inserting ‘‘policy’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
EQUEST FOR DISPUTE RESOLUTION .—If 
a dispute arises with the implementation of, or compliance with, the policy developed under paragraph (1), the Commission, Am-trak, or public authorities providing com-muter rail passenger transportation on the Northeast Corridor may request that the Surface Transportation Board conduct dis-pute resolution. The Surface Transportation Board shall establish procedures for resolu-tion of disputes brought before it under this paragraph, which may include the provision of professional mediation services.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
24905 is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (d); (2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) 
as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
(3) in subsection (d), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘to the Commission such sums as may be necessary for the period encom-passing fiscal years 2009 through 2013 to carry out this section’’ and inserting ‘‘to the Secretary for the use of the Commission and the Northeast Corridor Safety Committee such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section during fiscal year 2016 through 2019, in addition to amounts withheld under section 35101(e) of the Railroad Reform, En-hancement, and Efficiency Act’’; and 
(4) in subsection (e)(2), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘on the main line.’’ and inserting ‘‘on the main line and meet annually with the Commission on the topic of Northeast Corridor safety and security.’’. 
(e) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR PLANNING .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6004 July 27, 2015 
(1) A MENDMENT .—Chapter 249 is amended— 
(A) by redesignating section 24904 as sec-
tion 24903; and 
(B) by inserting after section 24903, as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘§ 24904. Northeast Corridor planning 
‘‘(a) N ORTHEAST CORRIDOR CAPITAL INVEST -
MENT PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than May 1 
of each year, the Northeast Corridor Com-mission established under section 24905 (re-ferred to in this section as the ‘Commission’) shall— 
‘‘(A) develop a capital investment plan for 
the Northeast Corridor main line between Boston, Massachusetts, and the Virginia Av-enue interlocking in the District of Colum-bia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massachusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, including the facilities and services used to operate and maintain those lines; and 
‘‘(B) submit the capital investment plan to 
the Secretary of Transportation and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—The capital investment 
plan shall— 
‘‘(A) reflect coordination and network opti-
mization across the entire Northeast Cor-ridor; 
‘‘(B) integrate the individual capital and 
service plans developed by each operator using the methods described in the cost allo-cation policy developed under section 24905(c); 
‘‘(C) cover a period of 5 fiscal years, begin-
ning with the first fiscal year after the date on which the plan is completed; 
‘‘(D) notwithstanding section 24902(b), 
identify, prioritize, and phase the implemen-tation of projects and programs to achieve the service outcomes identified in the North-east Corridor service development plan and the asset condition needs identified in the Northeast Corridor asset management plans, once available, and consider— 
‘‘(i) the benefits and costs of capital invest-
ments in the plan; 
‘‘(ii) project and program readiness; ‘‘(iii) the operational impacts; and ‘‘(iv) funding availability; ‘‘(E) categorize capital projects and pro-
grams as primarily associated with; 
‘‘(i) normalized capital replacement and 
basic infrastructure renewals; 
‘‘(ii) replacement or rehabilitation of 
major Northeast Corridor infrastructure as-sets, including tunnels, bridges, stations, and other assets; 
‘‘(iii) statutory, regulatory, or other legal 
mandates; 
‘‘(iv) improvements to support service en-
hancements or growth; or 
‘‘(v) strategic initiatives that will improve 
overall operational performance or lower costs; 
‘‘(F) identify capital projects and programs 
that are associated with more than 1 cat-egory described in subparagraph (E); 
‘‘(G) describe the anticipated outcomes of 
each project or program, including an assess-ment of— 
‘‘(i) the potential effect on passenger ac-
cessibility, operations, safety, reliability, and resiliency; 
‘‘(ii) the ability of infrastructure owners 
and operators to meet regulatory require-ments if the project or program is not fund-ed; and 
‘‘(iii) the benefits and costs; and ‘‘(H) include a financial plan. ‘‘(3) F
INANCIAL PLAN .—The financial plan 
under paragraph (2)(H) shall— ‘‘(A) identify funding sources and financing 
methods; 
‘‘(B) identify the expected allocated shares 
of costs pursuant to the cost allocation pol-icy developed under section 24905(c); 
‘‘(C) identify the projects and programs 
that the Commission expects will receive Federal financial assistance; and 
‘‘(D) identify the eligible entity or entities 
that the Commission expects will receive the Federal financial assistance described under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(b) F
AILURE TODEVELOP A CAPITAL IN-
VESTMENT PLAN.—If a capital investment 
plan has not been developed by the Commis-sion for a given fiscal year, then the funds assigned to the account established under section 24319(b) for that fiscal year may be spent only on— 
‘‘(1) capital projects described in clause (i) 
or (iii) of subsection (a)(2)(E) of this section; or 
‘‘(2) capital projects described in sub-
section (a)(2)(E)(iv) of this section that are for the sole benefit of Amtrak. 
‘‘(c) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR ASSET MANAGE -
MENT .— 
‘‘(1) C ONTENTS .—With regard to its infra-
structure, Amtrak and each State and public transportation entity that owns infrastruc-ture that supports or provides for intercity rail passenger transportation on the North-east Corridor shall develop an asset manage-ment system and develop and update, as nec-essary, a Northeast Corridor asset manage-ment plan for each service territory de-scribed in subsection (a) that— 
‘‘(A) are consistent with the Federal Tran-
sit Administration process, as authorized under section 5326, when implemented; and 
‘‘(B) include, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) an inventory of all capital assets 
owned by the developer of the asset manage-ment plan; 
‘‘(ii) an assessment of asset condition; ‘‘(iii) a description of the resources and 
processes necessary to bring or maintain those assets in a state of good repair, includ-ing decision-support tools and investment prioritization methods; and 
‘‘(iv) a description of changes in asset con-
dition since the previous version of the plan. 
‘‘(2) T
RANSMITTAL .—Each entity described 
in paragraph (1) shall transmit to the Com-mission— 
‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after the date of 
enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, its Northeast Cor-ridor asset management plan developed under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) at least biennial thereafter, an update 
to its Northeast Corridor asset management plan. 
‘‘(d) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR SERVICE DEVEL -
OPMENT PLANUPDATES .—Not less frequently 
than once every 10 years, the Commission shall update the Northeast Corridor service development plan.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) N OTE AND MORTGAGE .—Section 24907(a) 
is amended by striking ‘‘section 24904 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 24903’’. 
(B) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents for chapter 249 is amend-ed— 
(i) by redesignating the item relating to 
section 24904 as relating to section 24903; and 
(ii) by inserting after the item relating to 
section 24903, as redesignated, the following: 
‘‘24904. Northeast Corridor planning.’’. 
(3) R
EPEAL .—Section 211 of the Passenger 
Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–432; 49 U.S.C. 24902 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 35309. NORTHEAST CORRIDOR THROUGH- 
TICKETING AND PROCUREMENT EF-FICIENCIES. 
(a) T HROUGH -TICKETING STUDY .— (1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905(a) of title 49, United States Code (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Commission’’), in consultation with Amtrak and the commuter rail passenger transportation providers along the Northeast Corridor shall complete a study on the feasi-bility of and options for permitting through- ticketing between Amtrak service and com-muter rail services on the Northeast Cor-ridor. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—In completing the study 
under paragraph (1), the Northeast Corridor Commission shall— 
(A) examine the current state of intercity 
and commuter rail ticketing technologies, policies, and other relevant aspects on the Northeast Corridor; 
(B) consider and recommend technology, 
process, policy, or other options that would permit through-ticketing to allow intercity and commuter rail passengers to purchase, in a single transaction, travel that utilizes Amtrak and connecting commuter rail serv-ices; 
(C) consider options to expand through- 
ticketing to include local transit services; 
(D) summarize costs, benefits, opportuni-
ties, and impediments to developing such through-ticketing options; and 
(E) develop a proposed methodology, in-
cluding cost and schedule estimates, for car-rying out a pilot program on through- ticketing on the Northeast Corridor. 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date the study under paragraph (1) is complete, the Commission shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(A) the results of the study; and (B) any recommendations for further ac-
tion. 
(b) J
OINT PROCUREMENT STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Commis-sion, Amtrak, and commuter rail transpor-tation authorities on the Northeast Corridor shall complete a study of the potential bene-fits resulting from Amtrak and such authori-ties undertaking select joint procurements for common materials, assets, and equip-ment when expending Federal funds for such purchases. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—In completing the study 
under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall con-sider— 
(A) the types of materials, assets, and 
equipment that are regularly purchased by Amtrak and such authorities that are simi-lar and could be jointly procured; 
(B) the potential benefits of such joint pro-
curements, including lower procurement costs, better pricing, greater market rel-evancy, and other efficiencies; 
(C) the potential costs of such joint pro-
curements; 
(D) any significant impediments to under-
taking joint procurements, including any necessary harmonization and reconciliation of Federal and State procurement or safety regulations or standards and other require-ments; and 
(E) whether to create Federal incentives or 
requirements relating to considering or car-rying out joint procurements when expend-ing Federal funds. 
(3) T
RANSMISSION .—Not later than 60 days 
after completing the study required under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6005 July 27, 2015 
Committee on Transportation and Infra-
structure of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
(A) the results of the study; and (B) any recommendations for further ac-
tion. 
(c) N
ORTHEAST CORRIDOR .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘Northeast Corridor’’ means the Northeast Corridor main line between Bos-ton, Massachusetts, and the Virginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines con-necting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Spring-field, Massachusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, including the facilities and serv-ices used to operate and maintain those lines. 
SEC. 35310. DATA AND ANALYSIS. 
(a) D ATA.—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Surface Transpor-tation Board, Amtrak, freight railroads, State and local governments, and regional business, tourism and economic development agencies shall conduct a data needs assess-ment— 
(1) to support the development of an effi-
cient and effective intercity passenger rail network; 
(2) to identify the data needed to conduct 
cost-effective modeling and analysis for intercity passenger rail development pro-grams; 
(3) to determine limitations to the data 
used for inputs; 
(4) to develop a strategy to address such 
limitations; 
(5) to identify barriers to accessing exist-
ing data; 
(6) to develop recommendations regarding 
whether the authorization of additional data collection for intercity passenger rail travel is warranted; and 
(7) to determine which entities will be re-
sponsible for generating or collecting needed data. 
(b) B
ENEFIT -COST ANALYSIS .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enhance the usefulness of assessments of benefits and costs, for intercity passenger rail and freight rail projects— 
(1) by providing ongoing guidance and 
training on developing benefit and cost in-formation for rail projects; 
(2) by providing more direct and consistent 
requirements for assessing benefits and costs across transportation funding programs, in-cluding the appropriate use of discount rates; 
(3) by requiring applicants to clearly com-
municate the methodology used to calculate the project benefits and costs, including non- proprietary information on— 
(A) assumptions underlying calculations; (B) strengths and limitations of data used; 
and 
(C) the level of uncertainty in estimates of 
project benefits and costs; and 
(4) by ensuring that applicants receive 
clear and consistent guidance on values to apply for key assumptions used to estimate potential project benefits and costs. 
(c) C
ONFIDENTIAL DATA.—The Secretary 
shall protect sensitive or confidential to the greatest extent permitted by law. Nothing in this section shall require any entity to pro-vide information to the Secretary in the ab-sence of a voluntary agreement. 
SEC. 35311. PERFORMANCE-BASED PROPOSALS. 
(a) S OLICITATION OF PROPOSALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a request for proposals for projects for the financing, design, con-struction, operation, and maintenance of an intercity passenger rail system, including— (A) the Northeast Corridor; 
(B) the California Corridor; (C) the Empire Corridor; (D) the Pacific Northwest Corridor; (E) the South Central Corridor; (F) the Gulf Coast Corridor; (G) the Chicago Hub Network; (H) the Florida Corridor; (I) the Keystone Corridor; (J) the Northern New England Corridor; 
and 
(K) the Southeast Corridor. (2) S
UBMISSION .—Proposals shall be sub-
mitted to the Secretary not later than 180 days after the publication of such request for proposals under paragraph (1). 
(3) P
ERFORMANCE STANDARD .—Proposals 
submitted under paragraph (2) shall meet any standards established by the Secretary. For corridors with existing intercity pas-senger rail service, proposals shall also be designed to achieve a reduction of existing minimum intercity rail service trip times between the main corridor city pairs by a minimum of 25 percent. In the case of a pro-posal submitted with respect to paragraph (1)(A), the proposal shall be designed to achieve a 2-hour or less express service be-tween Washington, District of Columbia, and New York City, New York. 
(4) C
ONTENTS .—A proposal submitted under 
this subsection shall include— 
(A) the names and qualifications of the 
persons submitting the proposal and the en-tities proposed to finance, design, construct, operate, and maintain the railroad, railroad equipment, and related facilities, stations, and infrastructure; 
(B) a detailed description of the proposed 
rail service, including possible routes, re-quired infrastructure investments and im-provements, equipment needs and type, train frequencies, peak and average operating speeds, and trip times; 
(C) a description of how the project would 
comply with all applicable Federal rail safe-ty and security laws, orders, and regulations; 
(D) the locations of proposed stations, 
which maximize the usage of existing infra-structure to the extent possible, and the pop-ulations such stations are intended to serve; 
(E) the type of equipment to be used, in-
cluding any technologies, to achieve trip time goals; 
(F) a description of any proposed legisla-
tion needed to facilitate all aspects of the project; 
(G) a financing plan identifying— (i) projected revenue, and sources thereof; (ii) the amount of any requested public 
contribution toward the project, and pro-
posed sources; 
(iii) projected annual ridership projections 
for the first 10 years of operations; 
(iv) annual operations and capital costs; (v) the projected levels of capital invest-
ments required both initially and in subse-quent years to maintain a state-of-good-re-pair necessary to provide the initially pro-posed level of service or higher levels of serv-ice; 
(vi) projected levels of private investment 
and sources thereof, including the identity of any person or entity that has made or is ex-pected to make a commitment to provide or secure funding and the amount of such com-mitment; and 
(vii) projected funding for the full fair mar-
ket compensation for any asset, property right or interest, or service acquired from, owned, or held by a private person or Federal entity that would be acquired, impaired, or diminished in value as a result of a project, except as otherwise agreed to by the private person or entity; 
(H) a description of how the project would 
contribute to the development of the inter-city passenger rail system and an intermodal plan describing how the system will facili-
tate convenient travel connections with other transportation services; 
(I) a description of how the project will en-
sure compliance with Federal laws governing the rights and status of employees associ-ated with the route and service, including those specified in section 24405 of title 49, United States Code; 
(J) a description of how the design, con-
struction, implementation, and operation of the project will accommodate and allow for future growth of existing and projected intercity, commuter, and freight rail service; 
(K) a description of how the project would 
comply with Federal and State environ-mental laws and regulations, of what envi-ronmental impacts would result from the project, and of how any adverse impacts would be mitigated; and 
(L) a description of the project’s impacts 
on highway and aviation congestion, energy consumption, land use, and economic devel-opment in the service area. 
(b) D
ETERMINATION AND ESTABLISHMENT OF  
COMMISSIONS .—Not later than 90 days after 
receipt of the proposals under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— 
(1) make a determination as to whether 
any such proposals— 
(A) contain the information required under 
paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (a); 
(B) are sufficiently credible to warrant fur-
ther consideration; 
(C) are likely to result in a positive impact 
on the Nation’s transportation system; and 
(D) are cost-effective and in the public in-
terest; 
(2) establish a commission under sub-
section (c) for each corridor with 1 or more proposals that the Secretary determines sat-isfy the requirements of paragraph (1); and 
(3) forward to each commission established 
under paragraph (2) the applicable proposals for review and consideration. 
(c) C
OMMISSIONS .— 
(1) M EMBERS .—Each commission estab-
lished under subsection (b)(2) shall include— 
(A) the governors of the affected States, or 
their respective designees; 
(B) mayors of appropriate municipalities 
with stops along the proposed corridor, or their respective designees; 
(C) a representative from each freight rail-
road carrier using the relevant corridor, if applicable; 
(D) a representative from each transit au-
thority using the relevant corridor, if appli-cable; 
(E) representatives of nonprofit employee 
labor organizations representing affected railroad employees; and 
(F) the President of Amtrak or his or her 
designee. 
(2) A
PPOINTMENT AND SELECTION .—The Sec-
retary shall appoint the members under paragraph (1). In selecting each commis-sion’s members to fulfill the requirements under subparagraphs (B) and (E) of para-graph (1), the Secretary shall consult with the Chairperson and Ranking Member of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. 
(3) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE -CHAIRPERSON SE -
LECTION .—The Chairperson and Vice-Chair-
person shall be elected from among members of each commission. 
(4) Q
UORUM AND VACANCY .— 
(A) Q UORUM .—A majority of the members 
of each commission shall constitute a quorum. 
(B) V
ACANCY .—Any vacancy in each com-
mission shall not affect its powers and shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6006 July 27, 2015 
(5) A PPLICATION OF LAW .—Except where 
otherwise provided by this section, the Fed-eral Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to each commission created under this section. 
(d) C
OMMISSION CONSIDERATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each commission estab-
lished under subsection (b)(2) shall be re-sponsible for reviewing the proposal or pro-posals forwarded to it under that subsection and not later than 90 days after the estab-lishment of the commission, shall transmit to the Secretary a report, including— 
(A) a summary of each proposal received; (B) services to be provided under each pro-
posal, including projected ridership, reve-nues, and costs; 
(C) proposed public and private contribu-
tions for each proposal; 
(D) the advantages offered by the proposal 
over existing intercity passenger rail serv-ices; 
(E) public operating subsidies or assets 
needed for the proposed project; 
(F) possible risks to the public associated 
with the proposal, including risks associated with project financing, implementation, completion, safety, and security; 
(G) a ranked list of the proposals rec-
ommended for further consideration under subsection (e) in accordance with each pro-posal’s projected positive impact on the Na-tion’s transportation system; 
(H) an identification of any proposed Fed-
eral legislation that would facilitate imple-mentation of the projects and Federal legis-lation that would be required to implement the projects; and 
(I) any other recommendations by the com-
mission concerning the proposed projects. 
(2) V
ERBAL PRESENTATION .—Proposers shall 
be given an opportunity to make a verbal presentation to the commission to explain their proposals. 
(3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the 
Secretary for the use of each commission es-tablished under subsection (b)(2) such sums as are necessary to carry out this section. 
(e) S
ELECTION BY SECRETARY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after receiving the recommended proposals of the commissions established under sub-section (b)(2), the Secretary shall— 
(A) review such proposals and select any 
proposal that provides substantial benefits to the public and the national transportation system, is cost-effective, offers significant advantages over existing services, and meets other relevant factors determined appro-priate by the Secretary; and 
(B) submit to the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report containing any pro-posal with respect to subsection (a)(1)(A) that is selected by the Secretary under sub-paragraph (A) of this paragraph, all the in-formation regarding the proposal provided to the Secretary under subsection (d), and any other information the Secretary considers relevant. 
(2) S
UBSEQUENT REPORT .—Following the 
submission of the report under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report con-taining any proposal with respect to sub-paragraphs (B) through (K) of subsection (a)(1) that are selected by the Secretary under paragraph (1) of this subsection, all the information regarding the proposal pro-vided to the Secretary under subsection (d), and any other information the Secretary considers relevant. (3) L
IMITATION ON REPORT SUBMISSION .—The 
report required under paragraph (2) shall not be submitted by the Secretary until the re-port submitted under paragraph (1)(B) has been considered through a hearing by the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the re-port submitted under paragraph (1)(B). 
(f) N
OACTIONS WITHOUT ADDITIONAL AU-
THORITY .—No Federal agency may take any 
action to implement, establish, facilitate, or otherwise act upon any proposal submitted under this section, other than those actions specifically authorized by this section, with-out explicit statutory authority enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) I NTERCITY PASSENGER RAIL .—The term 
‘‘intercity passenger rail’’ means intercity rail passenger transportation as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means any of 
the 50 States or the District of Columbia. 
SEC. 35312. AMTRAK INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Inspector General of 
Amtrak shall have the authority available to other Inspectors General, as necessary in carrying out the duties specified in the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), to investigate any alleged violation of sections 286, 287, 371, 641, 1001, 1002 and 1516 of title 18, United States Code. 
(2) A
GENCY .—For purposes of sections 286, 
287, 371, 641, 1001, 1002, and 1516 of title 18, United States Code, Amtrak and the Amtrak 
Office of Inspector General, shall be consid-ered a corporation in which the United States has a proprietary interest as set forth in section 6 of that title. 
(b) A
SSESSMENT .—The Inspector General of 
Amtrak shall— 
(1) not later than 60 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, initiate an assess-ment to determine whether current expendi-tures or procurements involving Amtrak’s fulfillment of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) uti-lize competitive, market-driven provisions that are applicable throughout the entire term of such related expenditures or procure-ments; and 
(2) not later than 6 months after the date 
of enactment of this Act, transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives the assess-ment under paragraph (1). 
(c) L
IMITATION .—The authority provided by 
subsections (a) and (b) shall be effective only with respect to a fiscal year for which Am-trak receives a Federal subsidy. 
SEC. 35313. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS. 
(a) T ITLE 49 A MENDMENTS .— 
(1) C ONTINGENT INTEREST RECOVERIES .—Sec-
tion 22106(b) is amended by striking ‘‘inter-est thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘interest there-on’’. 
(2) A
UTHORITY .—Section 22702(b)(4) is 
amended by striking ‘‘5 years for reapproval by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘4 years for acceptance by the Secretary’’. 
(3) C
ONTENTS OF STATE RAIL PLANS .—Sec-
tion 22705(a) is amended by striking para-graph (12). 
(4) M
ISSION .—Section 24101(b) is amended 
by striking ‘‘of subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘set forth in subsection (c)’’. 
(5) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents for chapter 243 is amended by striking the item relating to section 24316 and inserting the following: 
‘‘24316. Plans to address the needs of families 
of passengers involved in rail passenger accidents.’’. (6) U
PDATE .—Section 24305(f)(3) is amended 
by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000’’. 
(7) A
MTRAK .—Chapter 247 is amended— 
(A) in section 24702(a), by striking ‘‘not in-
cluded in the national rail passenger trans-portation system’’; 
(B) in section 24706— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a dis-
continuance under section 24704 or or’’; and 
(II) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 
24704 or’’; and 
(ii) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
24704 or’’; and 
(C) in section 24709, by striking ‘‘The Sec-
retary of the Treasury and the Attorney General,’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of Homeland Security,’’. 
(b) P
ASSENGER RAILINVESTMENT AND IM-
PROVEMENT ACT AMENDMENTS .—Section 
305(a) of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘nonprofit or-ganizations representing employees who per-form overhaul and maintenance of passenger railroad equipment,’’ after ‘‘equipment man-ufacturers,’’. 
Subtitle D—Rail Safety 
PART I—SAFETY IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 35401. HIGHWAY-RAIL GRADE CROSSING 
SAFETY. 
(a) M ODEL STATE HIGHWAY -RAIL GRADE  
CROSSING ACTION PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall develop a model of a State-spe-cific highway-rail grade crossing action plan and distribute the model plan to each State. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The plan developed under 
paragraph (1) shall include— 
(A) methodologies, tools, and data sources 
for identifying and evaluating highway-rail grade crossing safety risks, including the public safety risks posed by blocked high-way-rail grade crossings due to idling trains; 
(B) best practices to reduce the risk of 
highway-rail grade crossing accidents or in-cidents and to alleviate the blockage of high-way-rail grade crossings due to idling trains, including strategies for— 
(i) education, including model stakeholder 
engagement plans or tools; 
(ii) engineering, including the benefits and 
costs of different designs and technologies used to mitigate highway-rail grade crossing safety risks; and 
(iii) enforcement, including the strengths 
and weaknesses associated with different en-forcement methods; 
(C) for each State, a customized list and 
data set of the highway-rail grade crossing accidents or incidents in that State over the past 3 years, including the location, number of deaths, and number of injuries for each ac-cident or incident; and 
(D) contact information of a Department of 
Transportation safety official available to assist the State in adapting the model plan to satisfy the requirements under subsection (b). 
(b) S
TATE HIGHWAY -RAILGRADE CROSSING  
ACTION PLANS .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 18 
months after the Secretary develops and dis-tributes the model plan under subsection (a), the Secretary shall promulgate a rule that requires— 
(A) each State, except the 10 States identi-
fied under section 202 of the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note), to develop and implement a State highway- rail grade crossing action plan; and 
(B) each State that was identified under 
section 202 of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note), to update its State action plan under that section and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6007 July 27, 2015 
submit to the Secretary the updated State 
action plan and a report describing what the State did to implement its previous State action plan under that section and how it will continue to reduce highway-rail grade crossing safety risks. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each State plan required 
under this subsection shall— 
(A) identify highway-rail grade crossings 
that have experienced recent highway-rail grade crossing accidents or incidents, or are at high-risk for accidents or incidents; 
(B) identify specific strategies for improv-
ing safety at highway-rail grade crossings, including highway-rail grade crossing clo-sures or grade separations; and 
(C) designate a State official responsible 
for managing implementation of the State plan under subparagraph (A) or (B) of para-graph (1), as applicable. 
(3) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide assistance to each State in developing and carrying out, as appropriate, the State plan under this subsection. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each State shall 
submit its final State plan under this sub-section to the Secretary for publication. The Secretary shall make each approved State plan publicly available on an official Inter-net Web site. 
(5) C
ONDITIONS .—The Secretary may condi-
tion the awarding of a grant to a State under chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code, on that State submitting an acceptable State plan under this subsection. 
(6) R
EVIEW OF ACTION PLANS .—Not later 
than 60 days after the date of receipt of a State plan under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall— 
(A) if the State plan is approved, notify the 
State and publish the State plan under para-graph (4); and 
(B) if the State plan is incomplete or defi-
cient, notify the State of the specific areas in which the plan is deficient and allow the State to complete the plan or correct the de-ficiencies and resubmit the plan under para-graph (1). 
(7) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of a notice under paragraph (6)(B), a State shall complete the plan or correct the deficiencies and resubmit the plan. 
(8) F
AILURE TO COMPLETE OR CORRECT  
PLAN .—If a State fails to meet the deadline 
under paragraph (7), the Secretary shall post on the Web site under paragraph (4) a notice that the State has an incomplete or deficient highway-rail grade crossing action plan. 
(c) R
AILWAY -HIGHWAY CROSSINGS FUNDS .— 
The Secretary may use funds made available to carry out section 130 of title 23, United States Code, to provide States with funds to develop a State highway-rail grade crossing action plan under subsection (b)(1)(A) of this section or to update a State action plan under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H IGHWAY -RAIL GRADE CROSSING .—The 
term ‘‘highway-rail grade crossing’’ means a location within a State, other than a loca-tion where 1 or more railroad tracks cross 1 or more railroad tracks at grade, where— 
(A) a public highway, road, or street, or a 
private roadway, including associated side-walks and pathways, crosses 1 or more rail-road tracks either at grade or grade-sepa-rated; or 
(B) a pathway explicitly authorized by a 
public authority or a railroad carrier that is dedicated for the use of non-vehicular traf-fic, including pedestrians, bicyclists, and others, that is not associated with a public highway, road, or street, or a private road-way, crosses 1 or more railroad tracks either at grade or grade-separated. 
(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means a 
State of the United States or the District of Columbia. SEC. 35402. SPEED LIMIT ACTION PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, each railroad carrier providing intercity rail pas-senger transportation or commuter rail pas-senger transportation, in consultation with any applicable host railroad carrier, shall survey its entire system and identify each main track location where there is a reduc-tion of more than 20 miles per hour from the approach speed to a curve or bridge and the maximum authorized operating speed for passenger trains at that curve or bridge. 
(b) A
CTION PLANS .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date that the survey under sub-section (a) is complete, a rail passenger car-rier shall submit to the Secretary an action plan that— 
(1) identifies each main track location 
where there is a reduction of more than 20 miles per hour from the approach speed to a curve or bridge and the maximum authorized operating speed for passenger trains at that curve or bridge; 
(2) describes appropriate actions, including 
modification to automatic train control sys-tems, if applicable, other signal systems, in-creased crew size, improved signage, or other practices, including increased crew commu-nication, to enable warning and enforcement of the maximum authorized speed for pas-senger trains at each location identified under paragraph (1); 
(3) contains milestones and target dates for 
implementing each appropriate action de-scribed under paragraph (2); and 
(4) ensures compliance with the maximum 
authorized speed at each location identified under paragraph (1). 
(c) A
PPROVAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date an action plan is submitted under subsection (a), the Secretary shall approve, approve with conditions, or disapprove the action plan. 
(d) A
LTERNATIVE SAFETY MEASURES .—The 
Secretary may exempt from the require-ments of this section each segment of track for which operations are governed by a posi-tive train control system certified under sec-tion 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety technology or practice that would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in reducing derailment risk. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
(1) the actions the railroad carriers have 
taken in response to Safety Advisory 2013–08, entitled ‘‘Operational Tests and Inspections for Compliance With Maximum Authorized Train Speeds and Other Speed Restrictions’’; 
(2) the actions the railroad carriers have 
taken in response to Safety Advisory 2015–03, entitled ‘‘Operational and Signal Modifica-tions for Compliance with Maximum Author-ized Passenger Train Speeds and Other Speed Restrictions’’; and 
(3) the actions the Federal Railroad Ad-
ministration has taken to evaluate or incor-porate the information and findings arising from the safety advisories referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) into the development of regulatory action and oversight activities. 
(f) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion shall prohibit the Secretary from apply-ing the requirements of this section to other segments of track at high risk of overspeed derailment. 
SEC. 35403. SIGNAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
mulgate such regulations as the Secretary considers necessary to require each railroad carrier providing intercity rail passenger transportation or commuter rail passenger 
transportation, in consultation with any ap-plicable host railroad carrier, to install signs to warn train crews before the train ap-proaches a location that the Secretary iden-tifies as having high risk of overspeed derail-ment. 
(b) A
LTERNATIVE SAFETY MEASURES .—The 
Secretary may exempt from the require-ments of this section each segment of track for which operations are governed by a posi-tive train control system certified under sec-tion 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety technology or practice that would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in reducing derailment risk. 
SEC. 35404. ALERTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
mulgate a rule to require a working alerter in the controlling locomotive of each pas-senger train in intercity rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code) or commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code). 
(b) R
ULEMAKING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-
mulgate a rule to specify the essential functionalities of a working alerter, includ-ing the manner in which the alerter can be reset. 
(2) A
LTERNATE PRACTICE OR TECHNOLOGY .— 
The Secretary may require or allow a tech-nology or practice in lieu of a working alerter if the Secretary determines that the technology or practice would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in en-hancing or ensuring appropriate locomotive control. 
SEC. 35405. SIGNAL PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
mulgate regulations to require, not later than 18 months after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, that on-track safety regu-lations, whenever practicable and consistent with other safety requirements and oper-ational considerations, include requiring im-plementation of redundant signal protection, such as shunting or other practices and tech-nologies that achieve an equivalent or great-er level of safety, for maintenance-of-way work crews who depend on a train dispatcher to provide signal protection. 
(b) A
LTERNATIVE SAFETY MEASURES .—The 
Secretary may exempt from the require-ments of this section each segment of track for which operations are governed by a posi-tive train control system certified under sec-tion 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety technology or practice that would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in providing additional signal pro-tection. 
SEC. 35406. TECHNOLOGY IMPLEMENTATION 
PLANS. 
Section 20156(e) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) each railroad carrier required to sub-
mit such a plan, until the implementation of a positive train control system by the rail-road carrier, shall analyze and, as appro-priate, prioritize technologies and practices to mitigate the risk of overspeed derailments.’’. 
SEC. 35407. COMMUTER RAIL TRACK INSPEC-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
evaluate track inspection regulations to de-termine if a railroad carrier providing com-muter rail passenger transportation on high density commuter railroad lines should be required to inspect the lines in the same 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6008 July 27, 2015 
manner as currently required for other com-
muter railroad lines. 
(b) R ULEMAKING .—Considering safety, in-
cluding railroad carrier employee and con-tractor safety, and system capacity, the Sec-retary may promulgate a rule for high den-sity commuter railroad lines. If, after the evaluation under subsection (a), the Sec-retary determines that it is necessary to pro-mulgate a rule, the Secretary shall specifi-cally consider the following regulatory re-quirements for high density commuter rail-road lines: 
(1) At least once every 2 weeks— (A) traverse each main line by vehicle; or (B) inspect each main line on foot. (2) At least once each month, traverse and 
inspect each siding by vehicle or by foot. 
(c) R
EPORT .—If, after the evaluation under 
subsection (a), the Secretary determines it is not necessary to revise the regulations under this section, the Secretary, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, shall transmit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives explaining the rea-sons for not revising the regulations. 
(d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
may be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to promulgate regulations or issue orders under any other law. 
SEC. 35408. EMERGENCY RESPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with railroad carriers, shall con-duct a study to determine whether limita-tions or weaknesses exist in the emergency response information carried by train crews transporting hazardous materials. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate the differences between the emer-gency response information carried by train crews transporting hazardous materials and the emergency response guidance provided in the Emergency Response Guidebook issued by the Department of Transportation. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report of the findings of the study under subsection (a) and any rec-ommendations for legislative action. 
SEC. 35409. PRIVATE HIGHWAY-RAIL GRADE 
CROSSINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with railroad carriers, shall con-duct a study— 
(1) to determine whether limitations or 
weaknesses exist regarding the availability and usefulness for safety purposes of data on private highway-rail grade crossings; and 
(2) to evaluate existing engineering prac-
tices on private highway-rail grade cross-ings. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make recommendations as necessary to im-prove— 
(1) the utility of the data on private high-
way-rail grade crossings; and 
(2) the implementation of private highway- 
rail crossing safety measures, including sign-age and warning systems. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report of the findings of the study and any recommendations for fur-ther action. SEC. 35410. REPAIR AND REPLACEMENT OF DAM-
AGED TRACK INSPECTION EQUIP-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 
201 is amended by inserting after section 20120 the following: 
‘‘§ 20121. Repair and replacement of damaged 
track inspection equipment 
‘‘The Secretary of Transportation may re-
ceive and expend cash, or receive and utilize spare parts and similar items, from non- United States Government sources to repair damages to or replace United States Govern-ment owned automated track inspection cars and equipment as a result of third-party li-ability for such damages, and any amounts collected under this section shall be credited directly to the Railroad Safety and Oper-ations account of the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration, and shall remain available until expended for the repair, operation, and maintenance of automated track inspection cars and equipment in connection with the automated track inspection program.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for subchapter I of chapter 201 is amended by adding after section 21020 the following: 
‘‘20121. Repair and replacement of damaged 
track inspection equipment.’’. 
SEC. 35411. RAIL POLICE OFFICERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 28101 is amend-
ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘employed by’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘or 
agent, as applicable,’’ after ‘‘an employee’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) T
RANSFERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a railroad police offi-
cer directly employed by or contracted by a rail carrier and certified or commissioned as a police officer under the laws of a State transfers primary employment or residence from the certifying or commissioning State to another State or jurisdiction, the railroad police officer, not later than 1 year after the date of transfer, shall apply to be certified or commissioned as a police office under the laws of the State of new primary employ-ment or residence. 
‘‘(2) I
NTERIM PERIOD .—During the period be-
ginning on the date of transfer and ending 1 year after the date of transfer, a railroad po-lice officer directly employed by or con-tracted by a rail carrier and certified or com-missioned as a police officer under the laws of a State may enforce the laws of the new jurisdiction in which the railroad police offi-cer resides, to the same extent as provided in subsection (a). 
‘‘(d) T
RAINING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State shall recognize 
as meeting that State’s basic police officer certification or commissioning requirements for qualification as a rail police officer under this section any individual who successfully completes a program at a State-recognized police training academy in another State or at a Federal law enforcement training center and who is certified or commissioned as a po-lice officer by that other State. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this subsection shall be construed as super-seding or affecting any unique State training requirements related to criminal law, crimi-nal procedure, motor vehicle code, or State- mandated comparative or annual in-service training academy or Federal law enforce-ment training center.’’. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the regulations in part 207 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to railroad police officers), to per-mit a railroad to designate an individual, 
who is commissioned in the individual’s State of legal residence or State of primary employment and directly employed by or contracted by a railroad to enforce State laws for the protection of railroad property, personnel, passengers, and cargo, to serve in the States in which the railroad owns prop-erty. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) A MTRAK RAIL POLICE .—Section 24305(e) 
is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘may employ’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘may directly employ or contract with’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘employed by’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘employed without’’ and in-
serting ‘‘directly employed or contracted without’’. 
(2) S
ECURE GUN STORAGE OR SAFETY DEVICE ; 
EXCEPTIONS .—Section 922(z)(2)(B) of title 18 is 
amended by striking ‘‘employed by’’ and in-serting ‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’. 
SEC. 35412. OPERATION DEEP DIVE; REPORT. 
(a) P ROGRESS REPORTS .—Not later than 60 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter until the com-pletion date, the Administrator of the Fed-eral Railroad Administration shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives that describes the progress of Metro- North Commuter Railroad in implementing the directives and recommendations issued by the Federal Railroad Administration in its March 2014 report to Congress titled ‘‘Op-eration Deep Dive Metro-North Commuter Railroad Safety Assessment’’. 
(b) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 30 days 
after the completion date, the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration shall submit a final report on the directives and recommendations to Congress. 
(c) D
EFINED TERM.—In this section, the 
term ‘‘completion date’’ means the date on which Metro-North Commuter Railroad has completed all of the directives and rec-ommendations referred to in subsection (a). 
SEC. 35413. POST-ACCIDENT ASSESSMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation, in cooperation with the National Transportation Safety Board and the Na-tional Railroad Passenger Corporation (re-ferred to in this section as ‘‘Amtrak’’), shall conduct a post-accident assessment of the Amtrak Northeast Regional Train #188 crash on May 12, 2015. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment conducted 
pursuant to subsection (a) shall include— 
(1) a review of Amtrak’s compliance with 
the plan for addressing the needs of the fami-lies of passengers involved in any rail pas-senger accident, which was submitted pursu-ant to section 24316 of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) a review of Amtrak’s compliance with 
the emergency preparedness plan required under section 239.101(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; 
(3) a determination of any additional ac-
tion items that should be included in the plans referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) to meet the needs of the passengers involved in the crash and their families, including— 
(A) notification of emergency contacts; (B) dedicated and trained staff to manage 
family assistance; 
(C) the establishment of a family assist-
ance center at the accident locale or other appropriate location; 
(D) a system for identifying and recovering 
items belonging to passengers that were lost in the crash; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6009 July 27, 2015 
(E) the establishment of a single customer 
service entity within Amtrak to coordinate the response to the needs of the passengers involved in the crash and their families; 
(4) recommendations for any additional 
training needed by Amtrak staff to better implement the plans referred to in para-graphs (1) and (2), including the establish-ment of a regular schedule for training drills and exercises. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that de-scribes— 
(1) its plan to achieve the recommenda-
tions referred to in subsection (b)(4); and 
(2) steps that have been taken to address 
any deficiencies identified through the as-sessment. 
SEC. 35414. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING 
AMENDMENTS. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO FAMILIES OF PASSENGERS  
INVOLVED IN RAILPASSENGER ACCIDENTS .— 
Section 1139 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘phone 
number’’ and inserting ‘‘telephone number’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘post 
trauma communication with families’’ and inserting ‘‘post-trauma communication with families’’; and 
(3) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘railroad 
passenger accident’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘rail passenger accident’’. 
(b) S
OLID WASTE RAILTRANSFER FACILITY  
LAND-USE EXEMPTION .—Section 10909 is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (b), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Clean Railroad Act of 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘Clean Railroads Act of 2008’’; and 
(2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Upon the 
granting of petition from the State’’ and in-serting ‘‘Upon the granting of a petition from the State’’. 
(c) R
ULEMAKING PROCESS .—Section 20116 is 
amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(2)’’ before ‘‘the code, 
rule, standard, requirement, or practice has been subject to notice and comment under a rule or order issued under this part.’’ and in-denting accordingly; 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘unless’’ and 
indenting accordingly; 
(3) in paragraph (1), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘order, or’’ and inserting ‘‘order; or’’; and 
(4) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
as redesignated, by striking ‘‘unless’’ and in-serting ‘‘unless—’’. 
(d) E
NFORCEMENT REPORT .—Section 20120(a) 
is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘website’’ and inserting ‘‘Web site’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘accident 
and incidence reporting’’ and inserting ‘‘ac-cident and incident reporting’’; 
(3) in paragraph (2)(G), by inserting ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; and 
(4) in paragraph (5)(B), by striking ‘‘Ad-
ministrative Hearing Officer or Administra-tive Law Judge’’ and inserting ‘‘administra-tive hearing officer or administrative law judge’’. 
(e) R
AILROAD SAFETY RISKREDUCTION PRO-
GRAM .—Section 20156 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by inserting a comma 
after ‘‘In developing its railroad safety risk reduction program’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g)(1)— (A) by inserting a comma after ‘‘good 
faith’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘non-profit’’ and inserting 
‘‘nonprofit’’. (f) R
OADWAY USERSIGHT DISTANCE AT HIGH-
WAY-RAILGRADE CROSSINGS .—Section 20159 is 
amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary’’ and in-serting ‘‘the Secretary of Transportation’’. 
(g) N
ATIONAL CROSSING INVENTORY .—Sec-
tion 20160 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘con-
cerning each previously unreported crossing through which it operates or with respect to the trackage over which it operates’’ and in-serting ‘‘concerning each previously unre-ported crossing through which it operates with respect to the trackage over which it operates’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by striking 
‘‘concerning each crossing through which it operates or with respect to the trackage over which it operates’’ and inserting ‘‘concerning each crossing through which it operates with respect to the trackage over which it oper-ates’’. 
(h) M
INIMUM TRAINING STANDARDS AND  
PLANS .—Section 20162(a)(3) is amended by 
striking ‘‘railroad compliance with Federal standards’’ and inserting ‘‘railroad carrier compliance with Federal standards’’. 
(i) D
EVELOPMENT AND USE OF RAILSAFETY  
TECHNOLOGY .—Section 20164(a) is amended by 
striking ‘‘after enactment of the Railroad Safety Enhancement Act of 2008’’ and insert-ing ‘‘after the date of enactment of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008’’. 
(j) R
AIL SAFETY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF  
2008.— 
(1) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—Section 1(b) of di-
vision A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432; 122 Stat. 4848) is amended— 
(A) in the item relating to section 307, by 
striking ‘‘website’’ and inserting ‘‘Web site’’; 
(B) in the item relating to title VI, by 
striking ‘‘solid waste facilities’’ and insert-ing ‘‘solid waste rail transfer facilities’’; and 
(C) in the item relating to section 602, by 
striking ‘‘solid waste transfer facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘solid waste rail transfer facili-ties’’. 
(2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2(a)(1) of division 
A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432; 122 Stat. 4849) is amend-ed in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting a comma after ‘‘at grade’’. 
(3) R
AILROAD SAFETY STRATEGY .—Section 
102(a)(6) of title I of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Improv-ing the safety of railroad bridges, tunnels, and related infrastructure to prevent acci-dents, incidents, injuries, and fatalities caused by catastrophic failures and other bridge and tunnel failures.’’ and inserting ‘‘Improving the safety of railroad bridges, tunnels, and related infrastructure to pre-vent accidents, incidents, injuries, and fa-talities caused by catastrophic and other failures of such infrastructure.’’. 
(4) O
PERATION LIFESAVER .—Section 206(a) of 
title II of division A of the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Public Service An-nouncements’’ and inserting ‘‘public service announcements’’. 
(5) U
PDATE OF FEDERAL RAILROAD ADMINIS -
TRATION ’S WEB SITE .—Section 307 of title III 
of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 103 note) is amended— 
(A) in the heading by striking ‘‘
FEDERAL  
RAILROAD ADMINISTRATION ’S WEBSITE ’’ and in-
serting ‘‘Federal Railroad Administration Web site’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘website’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘Web site’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘website’s’’ and inserting 
‘‘Web site’s’’. 
(6) A
LCOHOL AND CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE  
TESTING FOR MAINTENANCE -OF-WAY EMPLOY -
EES.—Section 412 of title IV of division A of 
the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20140 note) is amended by striking 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
(7) T
UNNEL INFORMATION .—Section 414 of 
title IV of division A of the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20103 note) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘parts 171.8, 173.115’’ and in-
serting ‘‘sections 171.8, 173.115’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘part 1520.5’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 1520.5’’. 
(8) S
AFETY INSPECTIONS IN MEXICO .—Section 
416 of title IV of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20107 note) is amended— 
(A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘sub-
section’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’. 
(9) H
EADING OF TITLE VI .—The heading of 
title VI of division A of the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008 (122 Stat. 4900) is amended by striking ‘‘ SOLID WASTE FA-
CILITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ SOLID WASTE 
RAIL TRANSFER FACILITIES ’’. 
(10) H
EADING OF SECTION 602 .—Section 602 of 
title VI of division A of the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008 (122 Stat. 4900) is amended by striking ‘‘
SOLID WASTE TRANSFER  
FACILITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ SOLID WASTE RAIL  
TRANSFER FACILITIES ’’. 
SEC. 35415. GAO STUDY ON USE OF LOCOMOTIVE 
HORNS AT HIGHWAY-RAIL GRADE CROSSINGS. 
The Comptroller General of the United 
States shall submit a report to Congress con-taining the results of a study evaluating the effectiveness of the Federal Railroad Admin-istration’s final rule on the use of loco-motive horns at highway-rail grade cross-ings, which was published in the Federal Register on August 17, 2006 (71 Fed. Reg. 47614). 
SEC. 35416. BRIDGE INSPECTION REPORTS. 
Section 417(d) of the Rail Safety Improve-
ment Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20103 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF BRIDGE INSPECTION RE -
PORTS .—The Administrator of the Federal 
Railroad Administration shall— 
‘‘(A) maintain a copy of the most recent 
bridge inspection reports prepared in accord-ance with section (b)(5); and 
‘‘(B) provide copies of the reports described 
in subparagraph (A) to appropriate State and local government transportation officials, upon request.’’. 
PART II—CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRA-
STRUCTURE AND SAFETY IMPROVE-MENTS 
SEC. 35421. CONSOLIDATED RAIL INFRASTRUC-
TURE AND SAFETY IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 244, as amended 
by section 35302 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 24408. Consolidated rail infrastructure and 
safety improvements 
‘‘(a) G
ENERAL AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
may make grants under this section to an el-igible recipient to assist in financing the cost of improving passenger and freight rail transportation systems in terms of safety, efficiency, or reliability. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—The following 
entities are eligible to receive a grant under this section: 
‘‘(1) A State. ‘‘(2) A group of States. ‘‘(3) An Interstate Compact. ‘‘(4) A public agency or publicly chartered 
authority established by 1 or more States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6010 July 27, 2015 
and having responsibility for providing inter-
city rail passenger, commuter rail passenger, or freight rail transportation service. 
‘‘(5) A political subdivision of a State. ‘‘(6) Amtrak or another rail passenger car-
rier that provides intercity rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102) or commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102). 
‘‘(7) A Class II railroad or Class III railroad 
(as those terms are defined in section 20102). 
‘‘(8) Any rail carrier or rail equipment 
manufacturer in partnership with at least 1 of the entities described in paragraphs (1) through (5). 
‘‘(9) Any entity established to procure, 
manage, or maintain passenger rail equip-ment under section 305 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
‘‘(10) An organization that is actively in-
volved in the development of operational and safety-related standards for rail equipment and operations or the implementation of safety-related programs. 
‘‘(11) The Transportation Research Board 
and any entity with which it contracts in the development of rail-related research, includ-ing cooperative research programs. 
‘‘(12) A University transportation center 
actively engaged in rail-related research. 
‘‘(13) A non-profit labor organization rep-
resenting a class or craft of employees of railroad carriers or railroad carrier contrac-tors. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—The following 
projects are eligible to receive grants under this section: 
‘‘(1) Deployment of railroad safety tech-
nology, including positive train control and rail integrity inspection systems. 
‘‘(2) A capital project as defined in section 
24401, except that a project shall not be re-quired to be in a State rail plan developed under chapter 227. 
‘‘(3) A capital project identified by the Sec-
retary as being necessary to address conges-tion challenges affecting rail service. 
‘‘(4) A highway-rail grade crossing im-
provement, including grade separations, pri-vate highway-rail grade crossing improve-ments, and safety engineering improvements 
to reduce risk in quiet zones or potential quiet zones. 
‘‘(5) A rail line relocation project. ‘‘(6) A capital project to improve short-line 
or regional railroad infrastructure. 
‘‘(7) Development of public education, 
awareness, and targeted law enforcement ac-tivities to reduce violations of traffic laws at highway-rail grade crossings and to help pre-vent and reduce injuries and fatalities along railroad rights-of-way. 
‘‘(8) The preparation of regional rail and 
corridor service development plans and cor-responding environmental analyses. 
‘‘(9) Any project that the Secretary con-
siders necessary to enhance multimodal con-nections or facilitate service integration be-tween rail service and other modes, includ-ing between intercity rail passenger trans-portation and intercity bus service. 
‘‘(10) The development of rail-related cap-
ital, operations, and safety standards. 
‘‘(11) The implementation and operation of 
a safety program or institute designed to im-prove rail safety culture and rail safety per-formance. 
‘‘(12) Any research that the Secretary con-
siders necessary to advance any particular aspect of rail-related capital, operations, or safety improvements. 
‘‘(13) Workforce development activities, co-
ordinated to the extent practicable with the existing local training programs supported by the Department of Transportation, De-partment of Labor, and Department of Edu-cation. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .—The Secretary 
shall prescribe the form and manner of filing an application under this section. 
‘‘(e) P
ROJECT SELECTION CRITERIA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In selecting a recipient 
of a grant for an eligible project, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(A) give preference to a proposed project 
for which the proposed Federal share of total project costs does not exceed 50 percent; and 
‘‘(B) after factoring in preference to 
projects under subparagraph (A), select projects that will maximize the net benefits of the funds appropriated for use under this section, considering the cost-benefit analysis of the proposed project, including antici-pated private and public benefits relative to the costs of the proposed project and fac-toring in the other considerations described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) O
THER CONSIDERATIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall also consider the following: 
‘‘(A) The degree to which the proposed 
project’s business plan considers potential private sector participation in the financing, construction, or operation of the project; 
‘‘(B) The recipient’s past performance in 
developing and delivering similar projects, and previous financial contributions; 
‘‘(C) Whether the recipient has or will have 
the legal, financial, and technical capacity to carry out the proposed project, satisfac-tory continuing control over the use of the equipment or facilities, and the capability and willingness to maintain the equipment or facilities; 
‘‘(D) If applicable, the consistency of the 
proposed project with planning guidance and documents set forth by the Secretary or re-quired by law or State rail plans developed under chapter 227; 
‘‘(E) If applicable, any technical evaluation 
ratings that proposed project received under previous competitive grant programs admin-istered by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(F) Such other factors as the Secretary 
considers relevant to the successful delivery of the project. 
‘‘(3) B
ENEFITS .—The benefits described in 
paragraph (1)(B) may include the effects on system and service performance, including measures such as improved safety, competi-tiveness, reliability, trip or transit time, re-silience, efficiencies from improved integra-tion with other modes, and ability to meet existing or anticipated demand. 
‘‘(f) P
ERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The Sec-
retary shall establish performance measures for each grant recipient to assess progress in achieving strategic goals and objectives. The Secretary may require a grant recipient to periodically report information related to such performance measures. 
‘‘(g) R
URAL AREAS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Of the amounts appro-
priated under this section, at least 25 percent shall be available for projects in rural areas. The Secretary shall consider a project to be in a rural area if all or the majority of the project (determined by the geographic loca-tion or locations where the majority of the project funds will be spent) is located in a rural area. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF RURAL AREA .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘rural area’ means any area not in an urbanized area, as defined by the Census Bureau. 
‘‘(h) F
EDERAL SHARE OF TOTAL PROJECT  
COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) T OTAL PROJECT COSTS .—The Secretary 
shall estimate the total costs of a project under this subsection based on the best available information, including engineering studies, studies of economic feasibility, envi-ronmental analyses, and information on the expected use of equipment or facilities. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
total project costs under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF PASSENGER RAIL REV -
ENUE .—If Amtrak or another rail passenger 
carrier is an applicant under this section, Amtrak or the other rail passenger carrier, as applicable, may use ticket and other reve-nues generated from its operations and other sources to satisfy the non-Federal share re-quirements. 
‘‘(i) A
PPLICABILITY .—Except as specifically 
provided in this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this section shall be subject to the requirements of this chapter. 
‘‘(j) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts appropriated 
for carrying out this section shall remain available until expended.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 244, as amended by sec-tion 35302 of this Act, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 24407 the following: 
‘‘24408. Consolidated rail infrastructure and 
safety improvements.’’. 
PART III—HAZARDOUS MATERIALS BY 
RAIL SAFETY AND OTHER SAFETY EN-HANCEMENTS 
SEC. 35431. REAL-TIME EMERGENCY RESPONSE 
INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, shall promul-gate regulations— 
(1) to require a Class I railroad trans-
porting hazardous materials— 
(A) to generate accurate, real-time, and 
electronic train consist information, includ-ing— 
(i) the identity, quantity, and location of 
hazardous materials on a train; 
(ii) the point of origin and destination of 
the train; 
(iii) any emergency response information 
or resources required by the Secretary; and 
(iv) an emergency response point of con-
tact designated by the Class I railroad; and 
(B) to enter into a memorandum of under-
standing with each applicable fusion center to provide that fusion center with secure and confidential access to the electronic train consist information described in subpara-graph (A) for each train transporting haz-ardous materials in that fusion center’s ju-risdiction; 
(2) to require each applicable fusion center 
to provide the electronic train consist infor-mation described in paragraph (1)(A) to first responders, emergency response officials, and law enforcement personnel that are in-volved in the response to or investigation of an incident, accident, or public health or safety emergency involving the rail trans-portation of hazardous materials and that request such electronic train consist infor-mation; 
(3) upon the request of each State, political 
subdivision of a State, or public agency re-sponsible for emergency response or law en-forcement, to require each applicable fusion center to provide advance notice for each high-hazard flammable train traveling through the jurisdiction of each State, polit-ical subdivision of a State, or public agency, which notice shall include the electronic train consist information described in para-graph (1)(A) for the high-hazard flammable train, and to the extent practicable, for re-questing States, political subdivisions, or public agencies, to ensure that the fusion center shall provide at least 12 hours of ad-vance notice for a high-hazard flammable train that will be traveling through the ju-risdiction of the State, political subdivision of a State, or public agency, and include 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6011 July 27, 2015 
within the notice its best estimate of the 
time the train will enter the jurisdiction; 
(4) to prohibit any railroad, employee, or 
agent from withholding, or causing to be withheld the train consist information from first responders, emergency response offi-cials, and law enforcement personnel de-scribed in paragraph (2) in the event of an in-cident, accident, or public health or safety emergency involving the rail transportation of hazardous materials; 
(5) to establish security and confidentiality 
protections to prevent the release of the electronic train consist information to unau-thorized persons; and 
(6) to allow each Class I railroad to enter 
into a memorandum of understanding with any Class II or Class III railroad that oper-ates trains over the Class I railroad’s line to incorporate the Class II or Class III rail-road’s train consist information within the existing framework described in paragraph (1). 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPLICABLE FUSION CENTER .—The term 
‘‘applicable fusion center’’ means a fusion center with responsibility for a geographic area in which a Class I railroad operates. 
(2) C
LASS I RAILROAD .—The term ‘‘Class I 
railroad’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(3) F
USION CENTER .—The term ‘‘fusion cen-
ter’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 124h(j) of title 6, United States Code. 
(4) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS .—The term ‘‘haz-
ardous materials’’ means material des-ignated as hazardous by the Secretary of Transportation under chapter 51 of the United States Code. 
(5) H
IGH-HAZARD FLAMMABLE TRAIN .—The 
term ‘‘high-hazard flammable train’’ means a single train transporting 20 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid in a continuous block or a single train trans-porting 35 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid throughout the train consist. 
(6) T
RAIN CONSIST .—The term ‘‘train con-
sist’’ includes, with regard to a specific train, the number of rail cars and the com-modity transported by each rail car. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .— 
(1) Nothing in this section may be con-
strued to prohibit a Class I railroad from vol-untarily entering into a memorandum of un-derstanding, as described in subsection (a)(1)(B), with a State emergency response commission or an entity representing or in-cluding first responders, emergency response officials, and law enforcement personnel. 
(2) Nothing in this section may be con-
strued to amend any requirement for a rail-road to provide a State Emergency Response Commission, for each State in which it oper-ates trains transporting 1,000,000 gallons or more of Bakken crude oil, notification re-garding the expected movement of such trains through the counties in the State. 
SEC. 35432. THERMAL BLANKETS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall promulgate such regulations as are necessary to require each tank car built to meet the DOT-117 specification and each non-jacketed tank car modified to meet the DOT-117R specification— 
(1) to be equipped with a thermal blanket; 
or 
(2) to have sufficient thermal resistance so 
that there will be no release of any lading within the tank car, except release through the pressure relief device, when subjected to a pool fire for 200 minutes and a torch fire for 30 minutes. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF THERMAL BLANKET .—In 
this section, the term ‘‘thermal blanket’’ means an insulating blanket that is applied between the outer surface of a tank car tank 
and the inner surface of a tank car jacket and that has thermal conductivity no great-er than 2.65 Btu per inch, per hour, per square foot, and per degree Fahrenheit at a temperature of 2000 degrees Fahrenheit, plus or minus 100 degrees Fahrenheit. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .— 
(1) P RESSURE RELIEF DEVICES .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to affect or prohibit any requirement to equip with ap-propriately sized pressure relief devices a tank car built to meet the DOT-117 specifica-tion or a non-jacketed tank car modified to meet the DOT-117R specification. 
(2) H
ARMONIZATION .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed to require or allow the Secretary to prescribe an implementa-tion deadline or authorization end date for the requirement under subsection (a) that is earlier than the applicable implementation deadline or authorization end date for other tank car modifications necessary to meet the DOT-117R specification. 
SEC. 35433. COMPREHENSIVE OIL SPILL RE-
SPONSE PLANS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a notice of proposed rulemaking to require each railroad carrier transporting a Class 3 flammable liquid to maintain a comprehensive oil spill response plan. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The regulations under sub-
section (a) shall require each rail carrier de-scribed in that subsection— 
(1) to include in the comprehensive oil spill 
response plan procedures and resources for responding, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, to a worst-case discharge; 
(2) to ensure the comprehensive oil spill re-
sponse plan is consistent with the National Contingency Plan and each applicable Area Contingency Plan; 
(3) to include in the comprehensive oil spill 
response plan appropriate notification and training procedures; 
(4) to review and update its comprehensive 
oil spill response plan as appropriate; and 
(5) to provide the comprehensive oil spill 
response plan for acceptance by the Sec-retary. 
(c) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in the sec-
tion may be construed as prohibiting the Secretary from promulgating different com-prehensive oil response plan standards for Class I, Class II, and Class III railroads. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A REA CONTINGENCY PLAN .—The term 
‘‘Area Contingency Plan’’ has the meaning given the term in section 311(a) of the Fed-eral Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321(a)). 
(2) C
LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(3) C
LASS I RAILROAD , CLASS II RAILROAD , 
AND CLASS III RAILROAD .—The terms ‘‘Class I 
railroad’’, ‘‘Class II railroad’’ and ‘‘Class III railroad’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(4) N
ATIONAL CONTINGENCY PLAN .—The term 
‘‘National Contingency Plan’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701). 
(5) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘‘railroad 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(6) W
ORST -CASE DISCHARGE .—The term 
‘‘worst-case discharge’’ means a railroad car-rier’s calculation of its largest foreseeable 
discharge in the event of an accident or inci-dent. 
SEC. 35434. HAZARDOUS MATERIALS BY RAIL LI-
ABILITY STUDY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall initiate a study on the levels 
and structure of insurance for a railroad car-rier transporting hazardous materials. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the study 
under subsection (a), the Secretary shall evaluate— 
(1) the level and structure of insurance, in-
cluding self-insurance, available in the pri-vate market against the full liability poten-tial for damages arising from an accident or incident involving a train transporting haz-ardous materials; 
(2) the level and structure of insurance 
that would be necessary and appropriate— 
(A) to efficiently allocate risk and finan-
cial responsibility for claims; and 
(B) to ensure that a railroad carrier trans-
porting hazardous materials can continue to operate despite the risk of an accident or in-cident; 
(3) the potential applicability to trains 
transporting hazardous materials of— 
(A) a liability regime modeled after section 
170 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended (42 U.S.C. 2210); and 
(B) a liability regime modeled after sub-
title 2 of title XXI of the Public Health Serv-ice Act (42 U.S.C. 300aa–10 et seq.). 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date the study under subsection (a) is initiated, the Secretary shall submit a re-port containing the results of the study and recommendations for addressing liability issues with rail transportation of hazardous 
materials to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H AZARDOUS MATERIAL .—The term ‘‘haz-
ardous material’’ means a substance or ma-terial the Secretary designates under section 5103(a) of title 49, United States Code. 
(2) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘‘railroad 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 35435. STUDY AND TESTING OF ELECTRONI-
CALLY-CONTROLLED PNEUMATIC BRAKES. 
(a) G OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  
STUDY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Government Account-
ability Office shall complete an independent evaluation of ECP brake systems pilot pro-gram data and the Department of Transpor-tation’s research and analysis on the effects of ECP brake systems. 
(2) S
TUDY ELEMENTS .—In completing the 
independent evaluation under paragraph (1), the Government Accountability Office shall examine the following issues related to ECP brake systems: 
(A) Data and modeling results on safety 
benefits relative to conventional brakes and to other braking technologies or systems, such as distributed power and 2-way end-of- train devices. 
(B) Data and modeling results on business 
benefits, including the effects of dynamic braking. 
(C) Data on costs, including up-front cap-
ital costs and on-going maintenance costs. 
(D) Analysis of potential operational chal-
lenges, including the effects of potential lo-comotive and car segregation, technical reli-ability issues, and network disruptions. 
(E) Analysis of potential implementation 
challenges, including installation time, posi-tive train control integration complexities, component availability issues, and tank car shop capabilities. 
(F) Analysis of international experiences 
with the use of advanced braking tech-nologies. 
(3) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6012 July 27, 2015 
Government Accountability Office shall 
transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report on the results of the inde-pendent evaluation under paragraph (1). 
(b) E
MERGENCY BRAKING APPLICATION TEST-
ING.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation shall enter into an agreement with the NCRRP Board— 
(A) to complete testing of ECP brake sys-
tems during emergency braking application, including more than 1 scenario involving the uncoupling of a train with 70 or more DOT 117-specification or DOT 117R-specification tank cars; and 
(B) to transmit, not later than 18 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the testing. 
(2) I
NDEPENDENT EXPERTS .—In completing 
the testing under paragraph (1), the NCRRP Board may contract with 1 or more engineer-ing or rail experts, as appropriate, with rel-evant experience in conducting railroad safe-ty technology tests or similar crash tests. 
(3) T
ESTING FRAMEWORK .—In completing 
the testing under paragraph (1), the NCRRP Board and each contractor described in para-graph (2) shall ensure that the testing objec-tively, accurately, and reliably measures the performance of ECP brake systems relative to other braking technologies or systems, such as distributed power and 2-way end-of- train devices, including differences in— 
(A) the number of cars derailed; (B) the number of cars punctured; (C) the measures of in-train forces; and (D) the stopping distance. (4) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall require, 
as part of the agreement under paragraph (1), that the NCRRP Board fund the testing re-quired under this section— 
(A) using such sums made available under 
section 24910 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(B) to the extent funding under subpara-
graph (A) is insufficient or unavailable to fund the testing required under this section, using such sums as are necessary from the amounts appropriated to the Office of the Secretary. 
(5) E
QUIPMENT .—The NCRRP Board and 
each contractor described in paragraph (2) may receive or use rolling stock, track, and other equipment or infrastructure from a private entity for the purposes of conducting the testing required under this section. 
(c) E
VIDENCE -BASED APPROACH .— 
(1) A NALYSIS .—The Secretary shall— 
(A) not later than 90 days after the report 
date, fully incorporate and reflect the find-ings from both reports into a draft updated regulatory impact analysis of the effects of the applicable ECP brake system require-ments; 
(B) as soon as practicable after completion 
of the draft updated analysis under subpara-graph (A), solicit public comment on the analysis for a period of not more than 30 days; and 
(C) not later than 60 days after the end of 
the public comment period, post the final up-dated regulatory impact analysis on the De-partment of Transportation Web site. 
(2) D
ETERMINATION .—Not later than 180 
days after the report date, the Secretary shall— 
(A) determine, based on whether the final 
regulatory impact analysis described in paragraph (1)(C) demonstrates that the bene-fits, including safety benefits, of the applica-ble ECP brake system requirements exceed their costs, whether the applicable ECP 
brake system requirements are justified; and 
(B)(i) if the applicable ECP brake system 
requirements are justified, publish in the Federal Register the determination with the reasons for it; or 
(ii) if the Secretary does not publish the 
determination under clause (i), repeal the applicable ECP brake system requirements. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPLICABLE ECP BRAKE SYSTEM REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The term ‘‘applicable brake system 
requirements’’ means sections 174.310(a)(3)(ii), 174.310(a)(3)(iii), 174.310(a)(5)(v), 179.102-10, 179.202-12(g), and 179.202-13(i) of title 49, Code of Federal Regu-lations, and any other regulation in effect on the date of enactment of this Act requiring the installation of ECP brakes or operation in ECP brake mode. 
(2) C
LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(3) ECP.—The term ‘‘ECP’’ means elec-
tronically-controlled pneumatic when ap-plied to a brake or brakes. 
(4) ECP 
BRAKE MODE .—The term ‘‘ECP 
brake mode’’ includes any operation of a rail car or an entire train using an ECP brake system. 
(5) ECP 
BRAKE SYSTEM .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘ECP brake 
system’’ means a train power braking sys-tem actuated by compressed air and con-trolled by electronic signals from the loco-motive or an ECP-EOT to the cars in the consist for service and emergency applica-tions in which the brake pipe is used to pro-vide a constant supply of compressed air to the reservoirs on each car but does not con-vey braking signals to the car. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘ECP brake sys-
tem’’ includes dual mode and stand-alone ECP brake systems. 
(6) H
IGH-HAZARD FLAMMABLE UNIT TRAIN .— 
The term ‘‘high-hazard flammable unit train’’ means a single train transporting 70 or more loaded tank cars containing Class 3 flammable liquid. 
(7) NCRRP 
BOARD .—The term ‘‘NCRRP 
Board’’ means the independent governing board of the National Cooperative Rail Re-search Program. 
(8) R
AILROAD CARRIER .—The term ‘‘railroad 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(9) R
EPORT DATE .—The term ‘‘report date’’ 
means the date that both the report under subsection (a)(3) and the report under sub-section (b)(1)(B) have been transmitted under those subsections. 
SEC. 35436. RECORDING DEVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 
201 is amended by adding after section 20167 the following: 
‘‘§ 20168. Installation of audio and image re-
cording devices 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall pro-mulgate regulations to require each rail car-rier that provides regularly scheduled inter-city rail passenger or commuter rail pas-senger transportation to the public to install inward- and outward-facing image recording devices in all controlling locomotive cabs and cab car operating compartments in such passenger trains. 
‘‘(b) D
EVICE STANDARDS .—Each inward- and 
outward-facing image recording device shall— 
‘‘(1) have a minimum 12-hour continuous 
recording capability; 
‘‘(2) have crash and fire protections for any 
in-cab image recordings that are stored only within a controlling locomotive cab or cab 
car operating compartment; and 
‘‘(3) have recordings accessible for review 
during an accident investigation. 
‘‘(c) R
EVIEW .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish a process to review and approve or dis-approve an inward- or outward-facing record-ing device for compliance with the standards described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(d) U
SES.—A rail carrier that has in-
stalled an inward- or outward-facing image recording device approved under subsection (c) may use recordings from that inward- or outward-facing image recording device for the following purposes: 
‘‘(1) Verifying that train crew actions are 
in accordance with applicable safety laws and the rail carrier’s operating rules and procedures. 
‘‘(2) Assisting in an investigation into the 
causation of a reportable accident or inci-dent. 
‘‘(3) Carrying out efficiency testing and 
system-wide performance monitoring pro-grams. 
‘‘(4) Documenting a criminal act or moni-
toring unauthorized occupancy of the con-trolling locomotive cab or car operating compartment. 
‘‘(5) Other purposes that the Secretary con-
siders appropriate. 
‘‘(e) V
OLUNTARY IMPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each rail carrier oper-
ating freight rail service may implement any inward- or outward-facing image recording devices approved under subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZED USES .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, each rail carrier may use recordings from an inward- or out-ward-facing image recording device approved under subsection (c) for any of the purposes described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(f) D
ISCRETION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may— 
‘‘(A) require in-cab audio recording devices 
for the purposes described in subsection (d); and 
‘‘(B) define in appropriate technical detail 
the essential features of the devices required under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(2) E
XEMPTIONS .—The Secretary may ex-
empt any rail passenger carrier or any part of a rail passenger carrier’s operations from the requirements under subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that the rail passenger carrier has implemented an alternative tech-nology or practice that provides an equiva-lent or greater safety benefit or is better suited to the risks of the operation. 
‘‘(g) T
AMPERING .—A rail carrier may take 
appropriate enforcement or administrative action against any employee that tampers with or disables an audio or inward- or out-ward-facing image recording device installed by the rail carrier. 
‘‘(h) P
RESERVATION OF DATA.—Each rail 
passenger carrier subject to the require-ments of subsection (a) shall preserve record-ing device data for 1 year after the date of a reportable accident or incident. 
‘‘(i) I
NFORMATION PROTECTIONS .—The Sec-
retary may not disclose publicly any part of an in-cab audio or image recording or tran-script of oral communications by or among train employees or other operating employ-ees responsible for the movement and direc-tion of the train, or between such operating employees and company communication cen-ters, related to an accident investigated by the Secretary. However, the Secretary shall make public any part of a transcript or any written depiction of visual information that the Secretary decides is relevant to the acci-dent at the time a majority of the other fac-tual reports on the accident are released to the public. 
‘‘(j) P
ROHIBITED USE.—An in-cab audio or 
image recording obtained by a rail carrier 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6013 July 27, 2015 
under this section may not be used to retali-
ate against an employee. 
‘‘(k) S AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-
tion may be construed as requiring a rail carrier to cease or restrict operations upon a technical failure of an inward- or outward- facing image recording device. Such rail car-rier shall repair or replace the failed inward- or outward-facing image recording device as soon as practicable.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for subchapter II of chapter 201 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘20168. Installation of audio and image re-
cording devices.’’. 
SEC. 35437. RAIL PASSENGER TRANSPORTATION 
LIABILITY. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .—Section 28103(a) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2), by striking 
‘‘$200,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$295,000,000, ex-cept as provided in paragraph (3).’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The liability cap under paragraph (2) 
shall be adjusted every 5 years by the Sec-retary of Transportation to reflect changes in the Consumer Price Index-All Urban Con-sumers. 
‘‘(4) The Federal Government shall have no 
financial responsibility for any claims de-scribed in paragraph (2).’’. 
(b) D
EFINITION OF RAILPASSENGER TRANS -
PORTATION .—Section 28103(e) is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D EFINI -
TION.—’’ and inserting ‘‘D EFINITIONS .—’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and 
inserting a semicolon; 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the term ‘rail passenger transpor-
tation’ includes commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102).’’. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION .—No Federal funds may be 
appropriated for the purpose of paying for the portion of an insurance premium attrib-utable to the increase in allowable awards under the amendments made by subsection (a). 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by subsection (a) shall be effective for any passenger rail accident or incident oc-curring on or after May 12, 2015. 
SEC. 35438. MODIFICATION REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement a reporting re-quirement to monitor industry-wide progress toward modifying tank cars used in high- hazard flammable train service by the appli-cable deadlines or authorization end dates set in regulation. 
(b) T
ANK CARDATA.—The Secretary shall 
collect data from shippers and tank car own-ers on— 
(1) the total number of tank cars modified 
to meet the DOT-117R specification, or equivalent, specifying— 
(A) the type or specification of each tank 
car before it was modified, including non- jacketed DOT-111, jacketed DOT-111, non- jacketed DOT-111 meeting the CPC-1232 standard, or jacketed DOT-111 meeting the CPC-1232 standard; and 
(B) the identification number of each Class 
3 flammable liquid carried by each tank car in the past year; 
(2) the total number of tank cars built to 
meet the DOT-117 specification, or equiva-lent; and 
(3) the total number of tank cars used or 
likely to be used in high-hazard flammable train service that have not been modified, specifying— 
(A) the type or specification of each tank 
car not modified, including the non-jacketed DOT-111, jacketed DOT-111, non-jacketed DOT-111 meeting the CPC-1232 standard, or 
jacketed DOT-111 meeting the CPC-1232 standard; and 
(B) the identification number of each Class 
3 flammable liquid carried by each tank car in the past year. 
(c) T
ANK CARSHOPDATA.—The Secretary 
shall conduct a survey of tank car facilities modifying tank cars to the DOT-117R speci-fication, or equivalent, or building new tank cars to the DOT-117 specification, or equiva-lent, to generate statistically-valid esti-mates of the expected number of tank cars those facilities expect to modify to DOT-117R specification, or equivalent, or build to the DOT-117 specification, or equivalent. 
(d) F
REQUENCY .—The Secretary shall col-
lect the data under subsection (b) and con-duct the survey under subsection (c) annu-ally until May 1, 2025. 
(e) I
NFORMATION PROTECTIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall only 
report data in industry-wide totals and shall treat company-specific information as con-fidential business information. 
(2) L
EVEL OF CONFIDENTIALITY .—The Sec-
retary shall ensure the data collected under subsection (b) and the survey data under sub-section (c) have the same level of confiden-tiality as contained in the Confidential In-formation Protection and Statistical Effi-ciency Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note), as ad-ministered by the Bureau of Transportation Statistics. 
(3) D
ESIGNEE .—The Secretary may des-
ignate the Director of the Bureau of Trans-portation Statistics to collect data under subsection (b) and the survey data under sub-section (c) and direct the Director to ensure the confidentially of company-specific infor-mation to the maximum extent permitted by law. 
(f) R
EPORT .—Each year, not later than 60 
days after the date that both the collection of the data under subsection (b) and the sur-
vey under subsection (c) are complete, the Secretary shall report on the aggregate re-sults, without company-specific information, to— 
(1) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives. 
(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C LASS 3 FLAMMABLE LIQUID .—The term 
‘‘Class 3 flammable liquid’’ has the meaning given the term in section 173.120(a) of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
(2) H
IGH-HAZARD FLAMMABLE TRAIN .—The 
term ‘‘high-hazard flammable train’’ means a single train transporting 20 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid in a continuous block or a single train trans-porting 35 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid throughout the train consist. 
SEC. 35439. REPORT ON CRUDE OIL CHARACTER-
ISTICS RESEARCH STUDY. 
Not later than 180 days after the research 
completion of the comprehensive Crude Oil Characteristics Research Sampling, Anal-ysis, and Experiment (SAE) Plan study at Sandia National Laboratories, the Secretary of Energy, in cooperation with the Secretary of Transportation, shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives that contains— 
(1) the results of the comprehensive Crude 
Oil Characteristics Research Sampling, Analysis, and Experiment (SAE) Plan study; and (2) recommendations, based on the findings 
of the study, for— 
(A) regulations that should be prescribed 
by the Secretary of Transportation or the Secretary of Energy to improve the safe transport of crude oil; and 
(B) statutes that should be enacted by Con-
gress to improve the safe transport of crude oil. 
PART IV—POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL 
SEC. 35441. COORDINATION OF SPECTRUM. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary, in coordi-
nation with the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, shall assess spectrum needs and availability for imple-menting positive train control systems (as defined in section 20157(i)(3) of title 49, United States Code). The Secretary and the Chairman may consult with external stake-holders in carrying out this section. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that contains the results of the assessment conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 35442. UPDATED PLANS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION .—Section 20157(a) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I MPLEMENTATION .— 
‘‘(1) P LAN REQUIRED .—Each Class I railroad 
carrier and each entity providing regularly scheduled intercity or commuter rail pas-senger transportation shall develop and sub-mit to the Secretary of Transportation a plan for implementing a positive train con-trol system by December 31, 2015, governing operations on— 
‘‘(A) its main line over which intercity rail 
passenger transportation or commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in sec-tion 24102) is regularly provided; 
‘‘(B) its main line over which poison- or 
toxic-by-inhalation hazardous materials (as defined in sections 171.8, 173.115, and 173.132 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) are transported; and 
‘‘(C) such other tracks as the Secretary 
may prescribe by regulation or order. 
‘‘(2) I
NTEROPERABILITY AND  
PRIORITIZATION .—The plan shall describe how 
the railroad carrier or other entity subject to paragraph (1) will provide for interoper-ability of the positive train control systems with movements of trains of other railroad carriers over its lines and shall, to the ex-tent practical, implement the positive train control systems in a manner that addresses areas of greater risk before areas of lesser risk. 
‘‘(3) S
ECRETARIAL REVIEW OF UPDATED  
PLANS .— 
‘‘(A) S UBMISSION OF UPDATED PLANS .—Not-
withstanding the deadline set forth in para-graph (1), not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, each Class I railroad carrier or other entity subject to paragraph (1) may submit to the Secretary an updated plan that amends the plan sub-mitted under paragraph (1) with an updated implementation schedule (as described in paragraph (4)(B)) and milestones or metrics (as described in paragraph (4)(A)) that dem-onstrate that the railroad carrier or other entity will implement a positive train con-trol system as soon as practicable, if imple-menting in accordance with the updated plan will not introduce operational challenges or risks to full, successful, and safe implemen-tation. 
‘‘(B) R
EVIEW OF UPDATED PLANS .—Not later 
than 150 days after receiving an updated plan under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6014 July 27, 2015 
review the updated plan and approve or dis-
approve it. In determining whether to ap-prove or disapprove the updated plan, the Secretary shall consider whether the rail-road carrier or other entity submitting the plan— 
‘‘(i)(I) has encountered technical or pro-
grammatic challenges identified by the Sec-retary in the 2012 report transmitted to Con-gress pursuant to subsection (d); and 
‘‘(II) the challenges referred to in sub-
clause (I) have negatively affected the suc-cessful implementation of positive train con-trol systems; 
‘‘(ii) has demonstrated due diligence in its 
effort to implement a positive train control system; 
‘‘(iii) has included in its plan milestones or 
metrics that demonstrate the railroad car-rier or other entity will implement a posi-tive train control system as soon as prac-
ticable, if implementing in accordance with the milestones or metrics will not introduce operational challenges or risks to full, suc-cessful, and safe implementation; and 
‘‘(iv) has set an implementation schedule 
in its plan that shows the railroad will com-ply with paragraph (7), if implementing in accordance with the implementation sched-ule will not introduce operational challenges or risks to full, successful, and safe imple-mentation. 
‘‘(C) M
ODIFICATION OF UPDATED PLANS .—(i) 
If the Secretary has not approved an updated plan under subparagraph (B) within 60 days of receiving the updated plan under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall immediately— 
‘‘(I) provide a written response to the rail-
road carrier or other entity that identifies the reason for not approving the updated plan and explains any incomplete or defi-cient items; 
‘‘(II) allow the railroad carrier or other en-
tity to submit, within 30 days of receiving the written response under subclause (I), a modified version of the updated plan for the Secretary’s review; and 
‘‘(III) approve or issue final disapproval for 
a modified version of the updated plan sub-mitted under subclause (II) not later than 60 days after receipt. 
‘‘(ii) During the 60-day period described in 
clause (i)(III), the railroad or other entity that has submitted a modified version of the updated plan under clause (i)(II) may make additional modifications, if requested by the Secretary, for the purposes of correcting in-complete or deficient items to receive ap-proval. 
‘‘(D) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 
30 days after approving an updated plan under this paragraph, the Secretary shall make the updated plan available on the website of the Federal Railroad Administra-tion. 
‘‘(E) P
ENDING REVIEWS .—For an applicant 
that submits an updated plan under subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall extend the deadline for implementing a positive train control system at least until the date the Secretary approves or issues final dis-approval for the updated plan with an up-dated implementation schedule (as described in paragraph (4)(B)). 
‘‘(F) D
ISAPPROVAL .—A railroad carrier or 
other entity that has its modified version of its updated plan disapproved by the Sec-retary under subparagraph (C)(i)(III), and that has not implemented a positive train control system by the deadline in subsection (a)(1), is subject to enforcement action au-thorized under subsection (e). 
‘‘(4) C
ONTENTS OF UPDATED PLAN .— 
‘‘(A) M ILESTONES OR METRICS .—Each up-
dated plan submitted under paragraph (3) shall describe the following milestones or metrics: ‘‘(i) The total number of components that 
will be installed with positive train control by the end of each calendar year until posi-tive train control is fully implemented, with totals separated by each component cat-egory. 
‘‘(ii) The number of employees that will re-
ceive the training, as required under the ap-plicable positive train control system regu-lations, by the end of each calendar year until positive train control is fully imple-mented. 
‘‘(iii) The calendar year or years in which 
spectrum will be acquired and will be avail-able for use in all areas that it is needed for positive train control implementation, if such spectrum is not already acquired and ready for use. 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION SCHEDULE .—Each up-
dated plan submitted under paragraph (3) shall include an implementation schedule 
that identifies the dates by which the rail-road carrier or other entity will— 
‘‘(i) fully implement a positive train con-
trol system; 
‘‘(ii) complete all component installation, 
consistent with the milestones or metrics de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i); 
‘‘(iii) complete all employee training re-
quired under the applicable positive train control system regulations, consistent with the milestones or metrics described in sub-paragraph (A)(ii); 
‘‘(iv) acquire all necessary spectrum, con-
sistent with the milestones or metrics in subparagraph (A)(iii); and 
‘‘(v) activate its positive train control sys-
tem. 
‘‘(C) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—Each up-
dated plan submitted under paragraph (3) shall include— 
‘‘(i) the total number of positive train con-
trol components required for implementa-tion, with totals separated by each major component category; 
‘‘(ii) the total number of employees requir-
ing training under the applicable positive train control system regulations; 
‘‘(iii) a summary of the remaining chal-
lenges to positive train control system im-plementation, including— 
‘‘(I) testing issues; ‘‘(II) interoperability challenges; ‘‘(III) permitting issues; and ‘‘(IV) certification challenges. ‘‘(D) D
EFINED TERM .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘component’ means a locomotive appa-ratus, a wayside interface unit (including any associated legacy signal system replace-ments), back office system hardware, a base station radio, a wayside radio, or a loco-motive radio. 
‘‘(5) P
LAN IMPLEMENTATION .—The Class I 
railroad carrier or other entity subject to paragraph (1) shall implement a positive train control system in accordance with its plan, including any amendments made to the plan by its updated plan approved by the Secretary under paragraph (3), and subject to section 35443 of the Railroad Reform, En-hancement, and Efficiency Act. 
‘‘(6) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Each Class I rail-
road carrier or other entity with an approved updated plan shall submit an annual report to the Secretary that describes the progress made on positive train control implementa-tion, including— 
‘‘(A) the extent to which the railroad car-
rier or other entity met or exceeded the metrics or milestones described in paragraph (4)(A); 
‘‘(B) the extent to which the railroad car-
rier or other entity complied with its imple-mentation schedule under paragraph (4)(B); and 
‘‘(C) any update to the information pro-
vided under paragraph (4)(C). ‘‘(7) C
ONSTRAINT .—Each updated plan shall 
reflect that the railroad carrier or other en-tity subject to paragraph (1) will, not later than December 31, 2018— 
‘‘(A) complete component installation and 
spectrum acquisition; and 
‘‘(B) activate its positive train control sys-
tem without undue delay.’’. 
(b) E
NFORCEMENT .—Section 20157(e) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) E NFORCEMENT .—The Secretary is au-
thorized to assess civil penalties pursuant to chapter 213 for the failure to submit or com-ply with a plan for implementing positive train control under subsection (a), including any amendments to the plan made by an up-
dated plan (including milestones or metrics and an updated implementation schedule) approved by the Secretary under paragraph (3) of such subsection, subject to section 35443 of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act.’’. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 20157(i) is amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through 
(3) as paragraphs (2) through (4), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(1) A
CTIVATE .—The term ‘activate’ means 
to initiate the use of a positive train control system in every subdivision or district where the railroad carrier or other entity is pre-pared to do so safely, reliably, and success-fully, and proceed with revenue service dem-onstration as necessary for system testing and certification, prior to full implementa-tion.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
20157(g) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) C
ONFORMING REGULATORY AMEND -
MENTS .—Immediately after the date of the 
enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhance-ment, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall remove or revise any references 
to specified dates in the regulations or or-ders implementing this section to the extent necessary to conform with the amendments made by such Act; and 
‘‘(B) may not enforce any such date-spe-
cific deadlines or requirements that are in-consistent with the amendments made by such Act.’’. 
(e) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .— 
(1) R ESUBMISSION OF INFORMATION .—Noth-
ing in the amendments made by this section may be construed to require a Class I rail-road carrier or other entity subject to sec-tion 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, to resubmit in its updated plan information from its initial implementation plan that is not changed or affected by the updated plan. The Secretary shall consider an updated plan submitted pursuant to paragraph (3) of that section to be an addendum that makes amendments to the initial implementation plan. 
(2) S
UBMISSION OF NEW PLAN .—Nothing in 
the amendments made by this section may be construed to require a Class I railroad carrier or other entity subject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, to submit a new implementation plan pursuant to the deadline set forth in that section. 
(3) A
PPROVAL .—A railroad carrier or other 
entity subject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, that has its updated plan, including a modified version of the up-dated plan, approved by the Secretary under subparagraph (B) or subparagraph (C) of paragraph (3) of that section shall not be re-quired to implement a positive train control system by the deadline under paragraph (1) of that section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6015 July 27, 2015 
SEC. 35443. EARLY ADOPTION AND INTEROPER-
ABILITY. 
(a) E ARLY ADOPTION .—During the 1-year 
period beginning on the date on which the last railroad carrier’s or other entity’s posi-tive train control system, subject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, is cer-tified by the Secretary under subsection (h) of such section and implemented on all of that railroad carrier’s or other entity’s lines required to have operations governed by a positive train control system, any railroad carrier or other entity shall not be subject to the operational restrictions set forth in sub-part I of part 236 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, that would otherwise apply in the event of a positive train control system component failure. 
(b) I
NTEROPERABILITY PROCEDURE .—If mul-
tiple railroad carriers operate on a single railroad line through a trackage or haulage agreement, each railroad carrier operating on the railroad line shall not be subject to the operating restrictions set forth in sub-part I of part 236 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to the railroad line, until the Secretary certifies that— 
(1) each Class I railroad carrier and each 
entity providing regularly scheduled inter-city or commuter rail passenger transpor-tation that operates on the railroad line is in compliance with its positive train control re-quirements under section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code; 
(2) each Class II or Class III railroad that 
operates on the railroad line is in compli-ance with the applicable regulatory require-ments to equip locomotives operating in positive train control territory; and 
(3) the implementation of any and all posi-
tive train control systems are interoperable and operational on the railroad line in con-formance with each approved implementa-tion plan so that each freight and passenger railroad can operate on the line with that freight or passenger railroad’s positive train control equipment. 
(c) S
MALL RAILROADS .—Not later than 120 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall amend section 236.1006(b)(4)(iii)(B) of title 49, Code of Fed-eral Regulations (relating to equipping loco-motives for applicable Class II and Class III railroads operating in positive train control territory) to extend each deadline by 3 years. 
(d) E
NFORCEMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
nothing in subsection (a) may be construed to prohibit the Secretary from enforcing the metrics and milestones under section 20157(a)(4)(A) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 35442 of this Act. 
(2) A
CTIVATION .—Beginning on the date in 
which a railroad carrier or other entity sub-ject to section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 35442 of this Act, has activated its positive train con-trol system, the railroad carrier or other en-tity shall not be in violation of its plan, in-cluding its updated plan, approved under this Act if implementing such plan introduces operational challenges or risks to full, suc-cessful, and safe implementation. 
SEC. 35444. POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL AT GRADE 
CROSSINGS EFFECTIVENESS STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—After the Secretary certifies 
that each Class I railroad carrier and each entity providing regularly scheduled inter-city or commuter rail passenger transpor-tation is in compliance with the positive train control requirements under section 20157(a) of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the National Cooperative Rail Research Pro-gram Board— 
(1) to conduct a study of the possible effec-
tiveness of positive train control and related technologies on reducing collisions at high-way-rail grade crossings; and (2) to submit a report containing the re-
sults of the study conducted under paragraph (1) to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives. 
(b) F
UNDING .—The Secretary may require, 
as part of the agreement under subsection (a), that the National Cooperative Rail Re-search Program Board fund the study re-quired under this section using such sums as 
may be necessary out of the amounts made available under section 24910 of title 49, United States Code. 
Subtitle E—Project Delivery 
SEC. 35501. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Track, 
Railroad, and Infrastructure Network Act’’. 
SEC. 35502. PRESERVATION OF PUBLIC LANDS. 
(a) H IGHWAYS .—Section 138 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (b)(2)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘, 
taking into consideration any avoidance, minimization, and mitigation or enhance-ment measures incorporated into the pro-gram or project’’ after ‘‘historic site’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) R
AIL AND TRANSIT .—Improvements to, 
or the maintenance, rehabilitation, or oper-ation of, railroad or rail transit lines or ele-ments of such lines, with the exception of stations, that are in use or were historically used for the transportation of goods or pas-sengers, shall not be considered a use of an historic site under subsection (a), regardless of whether the railroad or rail transit line or element of such line is listed on, or eligible for listing on, the National Register of His-toric Places.’’. 
(b) T
RANSPORTATION PROJECTS .—Section 
303 is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (d) and (e)’’; 
(2) in subsection (d)(2)(A)(i), by inserting ‘‘, 
taking into consideration any avoidance, minimization, and mitigation or enhance-ment measures incorporated into the pro-gram or project’’ after ‘‘historic site’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) R
AIL AND TRANSIT .—Improvements to, 
or the maintenance, rehabilitation, or oper-ation of, railroad or rail transit lines or ele-ments of such lines, with the exception of stations, that are in use or were historically used for the transportation of goods or pas-sengers, shall not be considered a use of an historic site under subsection (c), regardless of whether the railroad or rail transit line or element of such line is listed on, or eligible for listing on, the National Register of His-toric Places.’’. 
SEC. 35503. EFFICIENT ENVIRONMENTAL RE-
VIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304 is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ for 
multimodal projects ’’ and inserting ‘‘ and in-
creasing the efficiency of environmental re-views ’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(e) E
FFICIENT ENVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Trans-
portation shall apply the project develop-ment procedures, to the greatest extent fea-sible, described in section 139 of title 23, United States Code, to any rail project that requires the approval of the Secretary of Transportation under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) R
EGULATIONS AND PROCEDURES .—The 
Secretary of Transportation shall incor-porate such project development procedures into the agency regulations and procedures pertaining to rail projects. 
‘‘(f) A
PPLICABILITY OF NEPA D ECISIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A Department of Trans-
portation operating administration may apply a categorical exclusion designated by 
another Department of Transportation oper-ating administration under the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
‘‘(2) F
INDINGS .—A Department of Transpor-
tation operating administration may adopt, in whole or in part, another Department of Transportation operating administration’s Record of Decision, Finding of No Signifi-cant Impact, and any associated evaluations, determinations, or findings demonstrating compliance with any law related to environ-mental review or historic preservation.’’. 
SEC. 35504. ADVANCE ACQUISITION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 241 is amended 
by inserting after section 24105 the fol-lowing— 
‘‘§ 24106. Advance acquisition 
‘‘(a) R
AIL CORRIDOR PRESERVATION .—The 
Secretary may assist a recipient of funding in acquiring right-of-way and adjacent real 
property interests before or during the com-pletion of the environmental reviews for any project receiving funding under subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, that may use such property interests if the acquisition is otherwise permitted under Federal law, and the recipient requesting Federal funding for the acquisition certifies, with the concur-rence of the Secretary, that— 
‘‘(1) the recipient has authority to acquire 
the right-of-way or adjacent real property interest; and 
‘‘(2) the acquisition of the right-of-way or 
adjacent real property interest— 
‘‘(A) is for a transportation or transpor-
tation-related purpose; 
‘‘(B) will not cause significant adverse en-
vironmental impact; 
‘‘(C) will not limit the choice of reasonable 
alternatives for the proposed project or oth-erwise influence the decision of the Sec-retary on any approval required for the pro-posed project; 
‘‘(D) does not prevent the lead agency for 
the review process from making an impartial decision as to whether to accept an alter-native that is being considered; 
‘‘(E) complies with other applicable Fed-
eral law, including regulations; 
‘‘(F) will be acquired through negotiation 
and without the threat of condemnation; and 
‘‘(G) will not result in the elimination or 
reduction of benefits or assistance to a dis-placed person under the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) and title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq.). 
‘‘(b) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPLETION OF NEPA REVIEW .—Before 
authorizing any Federal funding for the ac-quisition of a real property interest that is the subject of a grant or other funding under this subtitle, the Secretary shall complete, if required, the review process under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to the acqui-sition. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLETION OF SECTION 106 .—An acqui-
sition of a real property interest involving an historic site shall not occur unless the section 106 process, if required, under the Na-tional Historic Preservation Act (54 U.S.C. 306108) is complete. 
‘‘(3) T
IMING OF ACQUISITIONS .—A real prop-
erty interest acquired under subsection (a) may not be developed in anticipation of the proposed project until all required environ-mental reviews for the project have been completed.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents of chapter 241 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 24105 the following: 
‘‘24106. Advance acquisition.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6016 July 27, 2015 
SEC. 35505. RAILROAD RIGHTS-OF-WAY. 
Section 306108 of title 54, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(b) O PPORTUNITY TOCOM-
MENT .—’’ before ‘‘The head of the Federal 
agency shall afford’’ and indenting accord-ingly; 
(2) in the matter before subsection (b), by 
inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘The 
head of any Federal agency having direct’’ and indenting accordingly; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) E
XEMPTION FOR RAILROAD RIGHTS -OF- 
WAY.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the Track, Railroad, and Infrastructure Network Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a proposed exemption of railroad rights-of- way from the review under this chapter to the Council for its consideration, consistent with the exemption for interstate highways approved on March 10, 2005 (70 Fed. Reg. 11,928). 
‘‘(2) F
INAL EXEMPTION .—Not later than 180 
days after the date that the Secretary sub-mits the proposed exemption under para-graph (1) to the Council, the Council shall issue a final exemption of railroad rights-of- way from review under this chapter, con-sistent with the exemption for interstate highways approved on March 10, 2005 (70 Fed. Reg. 11,928).’’. 
SEC. 35506. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this title, or any amendment 
made by this title, shall be construed as superceding, amending, or modifying the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or affect the responsi-bility of any Federal officer to comply with or enforce any such statute. 
SEC. 35507. TRANSITION. 
Nothing in this title, or any amendment 
made by this title, shall affect any existing environmental review process, program, agreement, or funding arrangement approved by the Secretary under title 49, United States Code, as that title was in effect on the day preceding the date of enactment of this subtitle. 
Subtitle F—Financing 
SEC. 35601. SHORT TITLE; REFERENCES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This subtitle may be 
cited as the ‘‘Railroad Infrastructure Fi-nancing Improvement Act’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES TO THE RAILROAD REVITAL -
IZATION AND REGULATORY REFORM ACT OF  
1976.—Except as otherwise expressly pro-vided, wherever in this subtitle an amend-ment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be con-sidered to be made to a section or other pro-vision of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976, as amended (45 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). 
SEC. 35602. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 501 (45 U.S.C. 821) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-
graph (10); 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) 
as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) The term ‘investment-grade rating’ 
means a rating of BBB minus, Baa 3, bbb minus, BBB(low), or higher assigned by a rating agency.’’; 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (8), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(9) The term ‘master credit agreement’ 
means an agreement to make 1 or more di-rect loans or loan guarantees at future dates for a program of related projects on terms acceptable to the Secretary.’’; and 
(5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) The term ‘project obligation’ means a 
note, bond, debenture, or other debt obliga-tion issued by a borrower in connection with the financing of a project, other than a di-rect loan or loan guarantee under this title. 
‘‘(12) The term ‘railroad’ has the meaning 
given the term ‘railroad carrier’ in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
‘‘(13) The term ‘rating agency’ means a 
credit rating agency registered with the Se-curities and Exchange Commission as a na-tionally recognized statistical rating organi-zation (as defined in section 3(a) of the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))). 
‘‘(14) The term ‘substantial completion’ 
means— 
‘‘(A) the opening of a project to passenger 
or freight traffic; or 
‘‘(B) a comparable event, as determined by 
the Secretary and specified in the direct loan.’’. 
SEC. 35603. ELIGIBLE APPLICANTS. 
Section 502(a) (45 U.S.C. 822(a)) is amend-
ed— 
(1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘one rail-
road; and’’ and inserting ‘‘1 of the entities described in paragraph (1), (2), (3), (4), or (6);’’; and 
(2) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) solely for the purpose of constructing 
a rail connection between a plant or facility and a rail carrier, limited option freight shippers that own or operate a plant or other facility; and’’. 
SEC. 35604. ELIGIBLE PURPOSES. 
Section 502(b)(1) (45 U.S.C. 822(b)(1)) is 
amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, and 
costs related to these activities, including pre-construction costs’’ after ‘‘shops’’; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (A); or’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (A) or (C);’’; 
(3) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) reimburse planning and design ex-
penses relating to projects described in sub-paragraph (A) or (C).’’. 
SEC. 35605. PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) A PPLICATION PROCESSING PROCEDURES .— 
Section 502(i) (45 U.S.C. 822(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) A
PPLICATION PROCESSING PROCE -
DURES .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICATION STATUS NOTICES .—Not 
later than 30 days after the date that the Secretary receives an application under this section, the Secretary shall provide the ap-plicant written notice as to whether the ap-plication is complete or incomplete. 
‘‘(2) I
NCOMPLETE APPLICATIONS .—If the Sec-
retary determines that an application is in-complete, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) provide the applicant with a descrip-
tion of all of the specific information or ma-terial that is needed to complete the applica-tion; and 
‘‘(B) allow the applicant to resubmit the 
information and material described under subparagraph (A) to complete the applica-tion. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION APPROVALS AND DIS -
APPROVALS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date the Secretary notifies an ap-plicant that an application is complete under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall pro-vide the applicant written notice as to whether the Secretary has approved or dis-approved the application. 
‘‘(B) A
CTIONS BY THE OFFICE OF MANAGE -
MENT AND BUDGET .—In order to enable com-
pliance with the time limit under subpara-graph (A), the Office of Management and Budget shall take any action required with 
respect to the application within that 60-day period. 
‘‘(4) E
XPEDITED PROCESSING .—The Sec-
retary shall implement procedures and meas-ures to economize the time and cost involved in obtaining an approval or a disapproval of credit assistance under this title. 
‘‘(5) D
ASHBOARD .—The Secretary shall post 
on the Department of Transportation’s pub-lic Web site a monthly report that includes for each application— 
‘‘(A) the name of the applicant or appli-
cants; 
‘‘(B) the location of the project; ‘‘(C) a brief description of the project, in-
cluding its purpose; 
‘‘(D) the requested direct loan or loan 
guarantee amount; 
‘‘(E) the date on which the Secretary pro-
vided application status notice under para-graph (1); and 
‘‘(F) the date that the Secretary provided 
notice of approval or disapproval under para-graph (3).’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATION OF DIRECT LOANS AND  
LOAN GUARANTEES .—Section 503 (45 U.S.C. 
823) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘, including a pro-gram guide and standard term sheet and spe-cific timetables.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsections (c) 
through (l) as subsections (d) through (m), respectively; 
(3) by striking ‘‘(b) A
SSIGNMENT OF LOAN 
GUARANTEES .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(c) A SSIGN -
MENT OF LOANGUARANTEES .—’’; 
(4) in subsection (d), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) the modification cost has been covered 
under section 502(f).’’; and 
(5) by amending subsection (l), as redesig-
nated, to read as follows: 
‘‘(l) C
HARGES AND LOANSERVICING .— 
‘‘(1) P URPOSES .—The Secretary may collect 
and spend from each applicant, obligor, or loan party a reasonable charge for— 
‘‘(A) the cost of evaluating the application, 
amendments, modifications, and waivers, in-cluding for evaluating project viability, ap-plicant creditworthiness, and the appraisal of the value of the equipment or facilities for which the direct loan or loan guarantee is sought, and for making necessary determina-tions and findings; 
‘‘(B) the cost of award management and 
project management oversight; 
‘‘(C) the cost of services from expert firms, 
including counsel, and independent financial advisors to assist in the underwriting, audit-ing, servicing, and exercise of rights with re-spect to direct loans and loan guarantees; and 
‘‘(D) the cost of all other expenses incurred 
as a result of a breach of any term or condi-tion or any event of default on a direct loan or loan guarantee. 
‘‘(2) S
TANDARDS .—The Secretary may 
charge different amounts under this sub-section based on the different costs incurred under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) S
ERVICER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may ap-
point a financial entity to assist the Sec-retary in servicing a direct loan or loan guarantee under this section. 
‘‘(B) D
UTIES .—A servicer appointed under 
subparagraph (A) shall act as the agent of the Secretary in serving a direct loan or loan guarantee under this section. 
‘‘(C) F
EES.—A servicer appointed under 
subparagraph (A) shall receive a servicing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6017 July 27, 2015 
fee from the obligor or other loan party, sub-
ject to approval by the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) S AFETY AND OPERATIONS ACCOUNT .— 
Amounts collected under this subsection shall— 
‘‘(A) be credited directly to the Safety and 
Operations account of the Federal Railroad Administration; and 
‘‘(B) remain available until expended to 
pay for the costs described in this sub-section.’’. 
SEC. 35606. LOAN TERMS AND REPAYMENT. 
(a) P REREQUISITES FOR ASSISTANCE .—Sec-
tion 502(g)(1) (45 U.S.C. 822(g)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘35 years from the date of its execution’’ and inserting ‘‘the lesser of 35 years after the date of substantial comple-tion of the project or the estimated useful life of the rail equipment or facilities to be acquired, rehabilitated, improved, developed, or established’’. 
(b) R
EPAYMENT SCHEDULES .—Section 502(j) 
(45 U.S.C. 822(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the sixth 
anniversary date of the original loan dis-bursement’’ and inserting ‘‘5 years after the date of substantial completion’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EFERRED PAYMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If at any time after the 
date of substantial completion the project is unable to generate sufficient revenues to pay the scheduled loan repayments of principal and interest on the direct loan, the Sec-retary, subject to subparagraph (B), may allow, for a maximum aggregate time of 1 year over the duration of the direct loan, the obligor to add unpaid principal and interest to the outstanding balance of the direct loan. 
‘‘(B) I
NTEREST .—A payment deferred under 
subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) continue to accrue interest under para-
graph (2) until the loan is fully repaid; and 
‘‘(ii) be scheduled to be amortized over the 
remaining term of the loan. 
‘‘(4) P REPAYMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) U SE OF EXCESS REVENUES .—Any excess 
revenues that remain after satisfying sched-uled debt service requirements on the project obligations and direct loan and all deposit requirements under the terms of any trust agreement, bond resolution, or similar agreement securing project obligations may be applied annually to prepay the direct loan without penalty. 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF PROCEEDS OF REFINANCING .— 
The direct loan may be prepaid at any time without penalty from the proceeds of refi-nancing from non-Federal funding sources.’’. 
(c) S
ALE OF DIRECT LOANS .—Section 502 (45 
U.S.C. 822) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) S
ALE OF DIRECT LOANS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) 
and as soon as practicable after substantial completion of a project, the Secretary, after notifying the obligor, may sell to another entity or reoffer into the capital markets a direct loan for the project if the Secretary determines that the sale or reoffering has a high probability of being made on favorable terms. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSENT OF OBLIGOR .—In making a 
sale or reoffering under paragraph (1), the Secretary may not change the original terms and conditions of the secured loan without the prior written consent of the obligor’’. 
(d) N
ONSUBORDINATION .—Section 502 (45 
U.S.C. 822), as amended in subsection (c), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) N
ONSUBORDINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2)(B), a direct loan shall not be subordinated to the claims of any holder of project obligations in the event of bank-ruptcy, insolvency, or liquidation of the obli-
gor. 
‘‘(2) P
REEXISTING INDENTURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may 
waive the requirement under paragraph (1) for a public agency borrower that is financ-ing ongoing capital programs and has out-standing senior bonds under a preexisting in-denture if— 
‘‘(i) the direct loan is rated in the A cat-
egory or higher; 
‘‘(ii) the direct loan is secured and payable 
from pledged revenues not affected by project performance, such as a tax-based rev-enue pledge or a system-backed pledge of project revenues; and 
‘‘(iii) the program share, under this title, 
of eligible project costs is 50 percent or less. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may im-
pose limitations for the waiver of the non-subordination requirement under this para-graph if the Secretary determines that such limitations would be in the financial interest of the Federal Government.’’. 
SEC. 35607. CREDIT RISK PREMIUMS. 
Section 502(f) (45 U.S.C. 822(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by amending the first 
sentence to read as follows: ‘‘In lieu of or in combination with appropriations of budget authority to cover the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees as required under sec-tion 504(b)(1) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661c(b)(1)), including the cost of a modification thereof, the Secretary may accept on behalf of an applicant for as-sistance under this section a commitment from a non-Federal source, including a State or local government or agency or public ben-efit corporation or public authority thereof, to fund in whole or in part credit risk pre-miums and modification costs with respect to the loan that is the subject of the applica-tion or modification.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by adding ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (E); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as 
subparagraph (E); 
(3) by striking paragraph (4); (4) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) C
REDITWORTHINESS .—An applicant may 
propose and the Secretary may accept as a basis for determining the amount of the credit risk premium under paragraph (2) any of the following in addition to the value of any tangible asset: 
‘‘(A) The net present value of a future 
stream of State or local subsidy income or other dedicated revenues to secure the direct loan or loan guarantee. 
‘‘(B) Adequate coverage requirements to 
ensure repayment, on a non-recourse basis, from cash flows generated by the project or any other dedicated revenue source, includ-ing— 
‘‘(i) tolls; ‘‘(ii) user fees; or ‘‘(iii) payments owing to the obligor under 
a public-private partnership. 
‘‘(C) An investment-grade rating on the di-
rect loan or loan guarantee, as applicable, except that if the total amount of the direct loan or loan guarantee is greater than $75,000,000, the applicant shall have an in-vestment-grade rating from at least 2 rating agencies on the direct loan or loan guar-antee.’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (4), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘amounts’’ and inserting ‘‘amounts (and in the case of a modification, before the modification is executed), to the extent ap-propriations are not available to the Sec-retary to meet the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees, including costs of modifica-
tions thereof’’. 
SEC. 35608. MASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS. 
Section 502 (45 U.S.C. 822), as amended by 
subsections (c) and (d) of section 35606 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) M
ASTER CREDIT AGREEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to section 502(d) 
and paragraph (2) of this subsection, the Sec-retary may enter into a master credit agree-ment that is contingent on all of the condi-tions for the provision of a direct loan or loan guarantee, as applicable, under this title and other applicable requirements being satisfied prior to the issuance of the direct loan or loan guarantee. 
‘‘(2) C
ONDITIONS .—Each master credit 
agreement shall— 
‘‘(A) establish the maximum amount and 
general terms and conditions of each appli-cable direct loan or loan guarantee; 
‘‘(B) identify 1 or more dedicated non-Fed-
eral revenue sources that will secure the re-payment of each applicable direct loan or loan guarantee; 
‘‘(C) provide for the obligation of funds for 
the direct loans or loan guarantees contin-gent on and after all requirements have been met for the projects subject to the master credit agreement; and 
‘‘(D) provide 1 or more dates, as deter-
mined by the Secretary, before which the master credit agreement results in each of the direct loans or loan guarantees or in the release of the master credit agreement.’’. 
SEC. 35609. PRIORITIES AND CONDITIONS. 
(a) P RIORITY PROJECTS .—Section 502(c) (45 
U.S.C. 822(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-
ing projects for the installation of a positive train control system (as defined in section 20157(i) of title 49, United States Code)’’ after ‘‘public safety’’; 
(2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) 
as paragraphs (3) and (2), respectively; 
(3) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘or chap-
ter 227 of title 49’’ after ‘‘section 135 of title 23’’; 
(4) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through 
(8) as paragraphs (7) through (9), respec-tively; and 
(5) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(6) improve railroad stations and pas-
senger facilities and increase transit-ori-ented development;’’. 
(b) C
ONDITIONS OF ASSISTANCE .—Section 
502(h) (45 U.S.C. 822(h)) is amended in para-graph (2), by inserting ‘‘, if applicable’’ after ‘‘project’’. 
SEC. 35610. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), this subtitle, and the amend-ments made by this subtitle, shall not affect any direct loan (or direct loan obligation) or an outstanding loan guarantee (or loan guar-antee commitment) that was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act. Any such transaction entered into before the date of enactment of this Act shall be adminis-tered until completion under its terms as if this Act were not enacted. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION COSTS.—At the discretion 
of the Secretary, the authority to accept modification costs on behalf of an applicant under section 502(f) of the Railroad Revital-ization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822(f)), as amended by section 35607 of this Act, may apply with respect to any direct loan (or direct loan obligation) or an outstanding loan guarantee (or loan guar-antee commitment) that was in effect prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6018 July 27, 2015 
DIVISION D—FREIGHT AND MAJOR 
PROJECTS 
TITLE XLI—FREIGHT POLICY 
SEC. 41001. ESTABLISHMENT OF FREIGHT CHAP-
TER. 
(a) F REIGHT .—Subtitle III of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 53 the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER 54—FREIGHT 
‘‘5401. Definitions. 
‘‘5402. National multimodal freight policy. 
‘‘5403. National multimodal freight network. ‘‘5404. National freight strategic plan. ‘‘5405. State freight advisory committees. ‘‘5406. State freight plans. ‘‘5407. Transportation investment planning 
and data tools. 
‘‘5408. Savings provision. ‘‘5409. Assistance for freight projects. 
‘‘§ 5401. Definitions 
‘‘In this chapter: 
‘‘(1) E
CONOMIC COMPETITIVENESS .—The term 
‘economic competitiveness’ means the abil-ity of the economy to efficiently move freight and people, produce goods, and de-liver services, including— 
‘‘(A) reductions in the travel time of 
freight; 
‘‘(B) reductions in the congestion caused 
by the movement of freight; 
‘‘(C) improvements to freight travel time 
reliability; and 
‘‘(D) reductions in freight transportation 
costs due to congestion and insufficient in-frastructure. 
‘‘(2) F
REIGHT .—The term ‘freight’ means 
the commercial transportation of cargo, in-cluding agricultural, manufactured, retail, or other goods by vessel, vehicle, pipeline, or rail. 
‘‘(3) F
REIGHT TRANSPORTATION MODES .—The 
term ‘freight transportation modes’ means— 
‘‘(A) the infrastructure supporting any 
mode of transportation that moves freight, including highways, ports, waterways, rail facilities, and pipelines; and 
‘‘(B) any vehicles or equipment trans-
porting goods on such infrastructure. 
‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL HIGHWAY FREIGHT NET -
WORK .—The term ‘national highway freight 
network’ means the network established under section 167 of title 23. 
‘‘(5) N
ATIONAL MULTIMODAL FREIGHT NET -
WORK .—The term ‘national multimodal 
freight network’ means the network estab-lished under section 5403. 
‘‘(6) N
ATIONAL MULTIMODAL FREIGHT STRA -
TEGIC PLAN .—The term ‘national multimodal 
freight strategic plan’ means the strategic plan developed under section 5404. 
‘‘(7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ 
means the Secretary of Transportation. 
‘‘(8) S TATE .—The term ‘State’ means a 
State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the United States Virgin Islands.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of chapters for subtitle III 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 53 the following: 
‘‘54. Freight ....................................... 5401’’. 
SEC. 41002. NATIONAL MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
POLICY. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code, as added by section 41001, is amended by adding after section 5401 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 5402. National multimodal freight policy 
‘‘(a) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the United 
States— 
‘‘(1) to support investment to maintain and 
improve the condition and performance of the national multimodal freight network; ‘‘(2) to ensure that the United States maxi-
mizes its competitiveness in the global econ-omy by increasing the overall productivity and connectivity of the national freight sys-tem; and 
‘‘(3) to pursue the goals described in sub-
section (b). 
‘‘(b) G
OALS .—The national multimodal 
freight policy has the following goals: 
‘‘(1) To enhance the economic competitive-
ness of the United States by investing in in-frastructure improvements and imple-menting operational improvements on the freight network of the United States that achieve 1 or more of the following: 
‘‘(A) Strengthen the contribution of the 
national freight network to the economic competitiveness of the United States. 
‘‘(B) Reduce congestion and relieve bottle-
necks in the freight transportation system. 
‘‘(C) Reduce the cost of freight transpor-
tation. 
‘‘(D) Improve the reliability of freight 
transportation. 
‘‘(E) Increase productivity, particularly for 
domestic industries and businesses that cre-ate jobs. 
‘‘(2) To improve the safety, security, effi-
ciency, and resiliency of freight transpor-tation in rural and urban areas. 
‘‘(3) To improve the condition of the na-
tional freight network. 
‘‘(4) To use advanced technology to im-
prove the safety and efficiency of the na-tional freight network. 
‘‘(5) To incorporate concepts of perform-
ance, innovation, competition, and account-ability into the operation and maintenance of the national freight network. 
‘‘(6) To improve the efficiency and produc-
tivity of the national freight network. 
‘‘(7) To pursue these goals in a manner that 
is not burdensome to State and local govern-ments. 
‘‘(c) S
TRATEGIES .—The United States may 
achieve the goals described in subsection (b) by— 
‘‘(1) providing funding to maintain and im-
prove freight infrastructure facilities; 
‘‘(2) implementing appropriate safety, en-
vironmental, energy and other transpor-tation policies; 
‘‘(3) utilizing advanced technology and in-
novation; 
‘‘(4) promoting workforce development; 
and 
‘‘(5) using performance management ac-
tivities. 
‘‘(d) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Under Sec-
retary for Policy, who shall be responsible for the oversight and implementation of the national multimodal freight policy, shall— 
‘‘(1) assist with the coordination of modal 
freight planning; 
‘‘(2) ensure consistent, expedited review of 
multimodal freight projects; 
‘‘(3) review the project planning and ap-
proval processes at each modal administra-tion to identify modeling and metric incon-sistencies, approvals, and terminology dif-ferences that could hamper multimodal project approval; 
‘‘(4) identify interagency data sharing op-
portunities to promote freight planning and coordination; 
‘‘(5) identify multimodal efforts and con-
nections; 
‘‘(6) designate the lead agency for 
multimodal freight projects; 
‘‘(7) develop recommendations for State in-
centives for multimodal planning efforts, which may include— 
‘‘(A) reducing the State cost share; or ‘‘(B) expediting the review of agreements 
for multimodal or freight specific projects; 
‘‘(8) explore opportunities within existing 
legal authorities to reduce project delays by issuing categorical exclusions or allowing self-certifications of right-of-way acquisi-
tions for freight projects; and 
‘‘(9) submit a report to the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that identifies re-quired reports, statutory requirements, and other limitations on efficient freight project delivery that could be streamlined or con-solidated.’’. 
SEC. 41003. NATIONAL MULTIMODAL FREIGHT 
NETWORK. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code, as amended by section 41002, is amended by adding after section 5402 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 5403. National multimodal freight network 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a national freight network, in ac-cordance with this section— 
‘‘(1) to assist States in strategically direct-
ing resources toward improved system per-formance for the efficient movement of freight on transportation networks; 
‘‘(2) to inform freight transportation plan-
ning; 
‘‘(3) to assist in the prioritization of Fed-
eral investment; and 
‘‘(4) to assess and support Federal invest-
ments to achieve the national multimodal freight policy goals described in section 5402(b) of this title and in section 150(b) of title 23. 
‘‘(b) N
ETWORK COMPONENTS .—The national 
multimodal freight network established under this section shall consist of all connec-tors, corridors, and facilities in all freight transportation modes that are the most crit-ical to the current and future movement of freight, including the national highway freight network, to achieve the national multimodal freight policy goals described in section 5402(b) of this title and in section 150(b) of title 23. 
‘‘(c) I
NITIAL DESIGNATION OF PRIMARY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary, after soliciting input from stakeholders, including multimodal freight system users, transport providers, 
metropolitan planning organizations, local governments, ports, airports, railroads, and States, through a public process to identify critical freight facilities and corridors that are vital to achieve the national multimodal freight policy goals described in section 5402(b) of this title and in section 150(b) of title 23, and after providing notice and op-portunity for comment on a draft system, shall designate a primary freight system with the goal of— 
‘‘(A) improving network and intermodal 
connectivity; and 
‘‘(B) using measurable data as part of the 
assessment of the significance of freight movement, including the consideration of points of origin, destination, and linking components of domestic and international supply chains. 
‘‘(2) F
ACTORS .—In designating or redesig-
nating a primary freight system, the Sec-retary shall consider— 
‘‘(A) origins and destinations of freight 
movement within, to, and from the United States; 
‘‘(B) volume, value, tonnage, and the stra-
tegic importance of freight; 
‘‘(C) access to border crossings, airports, 
seaports, and pipelines; 
‘‘(D) economic factors, including balance of 
trade; 
‘‘(E) access to major areas for manufac-
turing, agriculture, or natural resources; 
‘‘(F) access to energy exploration, develop-
ment, installation, and production areas; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6019 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(G) intermodal links and intersections 
that promote connectivity; 
‘‘(H) freight choke points and other im-
pediments contributing to significant meas-urable congestion, delay in freight move-ment, or inefficient modal connections; 
‘‘(I) impacts on all freight transportation 
modes and modes that share significant freight infrastructure; 
‘‘(J) elements and transportation corridors 
identified by a multi-State coalition, a State, a State advisory committee, or a met-ropolitan planning organization, using na-tional or local data, as having critical freight importance to the region; 
‘‘(K) intermodal connectors, major dis-
tribution centers, inland intermodal facili-ties, and first- and last-mile facilities; 
‘‘(L) the annual average daily truck traffic 
on principal arterials; and 
‘‘(M) the significance of goods movement, 
including consideration of global and domes-tic supply chains. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNATION .—A 
designation may be made under this sub-section if the freight transportation facility or infrastructure being considered— 
‘‘(A) is in an urbanized area, regardless of 
population; 
‘‘(B) has been designated under subsection 
(d) as a critical rural freight corridor; 
‘‘(C) connects an intermodal facility to— ‘‘(i) the primary freight network; or ‘‘(ii) an intermodal freight facility; ‘‘(D)(i) is located within a corridor of a 
route on the primary freight network; and 
‘‘(ii) provides an alternative option impor-
tant to goods movement; 
‘‘(E) serves a major freight generator, lo-
gistic center, agricultural region, or manu-facturing, warehouse, or industrial land; or 
‘‘(F) is important to the movement of 
freight within a State or metropolitan re-gion, as determined by the State or the met-ropolitan planning organization. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In designating or re-
designating the primary freight system under subsection (e), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) use, to the extent practicable, meas-
urable data to assess the significance of goods movement, including the consider-ation of points of origin, destination, and linking components of the United States global and domestic supply chains; 
‘‘(B) consider— ‘‘(i) the factors described in subsection 
(c)(2); and 
‘‘(ii) any changes in the economy or freight 
transportation network demand; and 
‘‘(C) provide the States with an oppor-
tunity to submit proposed designations in 
accordance with paragraph (5). 
‘‘(5) S
TATE INPUT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State that pro-
poses increased designations on the primary freight system shall— 
‘‘(i) consider nominations for additional 
designations from metropolitan planning or-ganizations and State freight advisory com-mittees within the State; 
‘‘(ii) consider nominations for the addi-
tional designations from owners and opera-tors of port, rail, pipeline, and airport facili-ties; and 
‘‘(iii) ensure that additional designations 
are consistent with the State Transportation Improvement Program or freight plan. 
‘‘(B) R
EVISIONS .—States may revise routes 
certified under section 4006 of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–240; 105 Stat. 2148) to conform with the designated freight system under this section. 
‘‘(C) S
UBMISSION AND CERTIFICATION .—Each 
State shall submit to the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) a list of the additional designations 
added under this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) certification that— ‘‘(I) the State has satisfied the require-
ments under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(II) the designations referred to in clause 
(i) address the factors for redesignation de-scribed in subsection (c)(3). 
‘‘(d) C
RITICAL RURAL FREIGHT CORRIDORS .— 
A State may designate freight transpor-tation infrastructure or facilities within the borders of the State as a critical rural freight corridor if the public road or facil-
ity— 
‘‘(1) is a rural principal arterial roadway or 
facility; 
‘‘(2) provides access or service to energy 
exploration, development, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(3) provides access or service to— ‘‘(A) a grain elevator; ‘‘(B) an agricultural facility; ‘‘(C) a mining facility; ‘‘(D) a forestry facility; or ‘‘(E) an intermodal facility; ‘‘(4) connects to an international port of 
entry; 
‘‘(5) provides access to significant air, rail, 
water, or other freight facilities in the State; or 
‘‘(6) has been determined by the State to be 
vital to improving the efficient movement of freight of importance to the economy of the State. 
‘‘(e) R
EDESIGNATION OF PRIMARY FREIGHT  
SYSTEM .—Beginning on the date that is 5 
years after the initial designation under sub-section (c), and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary, using the designation factors de-scribed in subsection (c)(3), shall redesignate the primary freight system.’’. 
TITLE XLII—PLANNING 
SEC. 42001. NATIONAL FREIGHT STRATEGIC 
PLAN. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by title XLI), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5404. National freight strategic plan 
‘‘(a) I
NITIAL DEVELOPMENT OF NATIONAL  
FREIGHT STRATEGIC PLAN.—Not later than 3 
years after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary, in consultation with State departments of transportation, metropolitan planning organizations, and other appropriate public and private trans-portation stakeholders, shall develop, after providing opportunity for notice and com-ment on a draft national freight strategic plan, and post on the public website of the Department of Transportation a national freight strategic plan that includes— 
‘‘(1) an assessment of the condition and 
performance of the national multimodal freight network; 
‘‘(2) an identification of bottlenecks on the 
national multimodal freight network that create significant freight congestion based on a quantitative methodology developed by the Secretary, which shall, at a minimum, include— 
‘‘(A) information from the Freight Anal-
ysis Framework of the Federal Highway Ad-ministration; and 
‘‘(B) to the maximum extent practicable, 
an estimate of the cost of addressing each bottleneck and any operational improve-ments that could be implemented; 
‘‘(3) a forecast of freight volumes, based on 
the most recent data available, for— 
‘‘(A) the 5-year period beginning in the 
year during which the plan is issued; and 
‘‘(B) if practicable, for the 10- and 20-year 
period beginning in the year during which the plan is issued; 
‘‘(4) an identification of major trade gate-
ways and national freight corridors that con-nect major economic corridors, population centers, trade gateways, and other major freight generators for current and forecasted traffic and freight volumes, the identifica-tion of which shall be revised, as appro-
priate, in subsequent plans; 
‘‘(5) an assessment of statutory, regu-
latory, technological, institutional, finan-cial, and other barriers to improved freight transportation performance (including op-portunities for overcoming the barriers); 
‘‘(6) an identification of routes providing 
access to energy exploration, development, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(7) routes for providing access to major 
areas for manufacturing, agriculture, or nat-ural resources; 
‘‘(8) best practices for improving the per-
formance of the national freight network; 
‘‘(9) best practices to mitigate the impacts 
of freight movement on communities; 
‘‘(10) a process for addressing multistate 
projects and encouraging jurisdictions to collaborate on multistate projects; 
‘‘(11) identification of locations or areas 
with congestion involving freight traffic, and strategies to address those issues; 
‘‘(12) strategies to improve freight inter-
modal connectivity; and 
‘‘(13) best practices for improving the per-
formance of the national multimodal freight network and rural and urban access to crit-ical freight corridors. 
‘‘(b) U
PDATES TO NATIONAL FREIGHT STRA-
TEGIC PLAN.—Not later than 5 years after the 
date of completion of the first national 
multimodal freight strategic plan under sub-section (a) and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall update and repost on the public website of the Department of Trans-portation a revised national freight strategic plan.’’. 
SEC. 42002. STATE FREIGHT ADVISORY COMMIT-
TEES. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42001), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5405. State freight advisory committees 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each State shall estab-
lish a freight advisory committee consisting of a representative cross-section of public and private sector freight stakeholders, in-cluding representatives of ports, third party logistics providers, shippers, carriers, freight-related associations, the freight in-dustry workforce, the transportation depart-ment of the State, and local governments. 
‘‘(b) R
OLE OF COMMITTEE .—A freight advi-
sory committee of a State described in sub-section (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) advise the State on freight-related pri-
orities, issues, projects, and funding needs; 
‘‘(2) serve as a forum for discussion for 
State transportation decisions affecting freight mobility; 
‘‘(3) communicate and coordinate regional 
priorities with other organizations; 
‘‘(4) promote the sharing of information be-
tween the private and public sectors on freight issues; and 
‘‘(5) participate in the development of the 
freight plan of the State described in section 5406.’’. 
SEC. 42003. STATE FREIGHT PLANS. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42002), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5406. State freight plans 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Each State shall develop 
a freight plan that provides a comprehensive plan for the immediate and long-range plan-ning activities and investments of the State with respect to freight. 
‘‘(b) P
LAN CONTENTS .—A freight plan de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(1) an identification of significant freight 
system trends, needs, and issues with respect to the State; 
‘‘(2) a description of the freight policies, 
strategies, and performance measures that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6020 July 27, 2015 
will guide the freight-related transportation 
investment decisions of the State; 
‘‘(3) when applicable, a listing of critical 
rural and urban freight corridors designated within the State under section 5403 of this title or section 167 of title 23; 
‘‘(4) a description of how the plan will im-
prove the ability of the State to meet the na-tional freight goals established under section 5402(b) of this title and section 150(b) of title 23; 
‘‘(5) a description of how innovative tech-
nologies and operational strategies, includ-ing freight intelligent transportation sys-tems, that improve the safety and efficiency of freight movement, were considered; 
‘‘(6) in the case of roadways on which trav-
el by heavy vehicles (including mining, agri-cultural, energy cargo or equipment, and timber vehicles) is projected to substantially deteriorate the condition of roadways, a de-scription of improvements that may be re-quired to reduce or impede the deterioration; 
‘‘(7) an inventory of facilities with freight 
mobility issues, such as bottlenecks, within the State, and where the facilities are State owned or operated, a description of the strat-egies the State is employing to address those freight mobility issues; 
‘‘(8) consideration of any significant con-
gestion or delay caused by freight move-ments and any strategies to mitigate that congestion or delay; and 
‘‘(9) a freight investment plan that, subject 
to subsection (c)(2), includes a list of priority projects and describes how funds made avail-able to carry out section 167 of title 23 would be invested and matched. 
‘‘(c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO LONG-RANGE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I NCORPORATION .—A State freight plan 
described in subsection (a) may be developed separately from or incorporated into the statewide strategic long-range transpor-tation plan required by section 135 of title 23. 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL CONSTRAINT .—The freight in-
vestment plan component of a freight plan shall include a project, or an identified phase of a project, only if funding for completion of the project can reasonably be anticipated to be available for the project within the time period identified in the freight investment plan. 
‘‘(d) P
LANNING PERIOD .—The freight plan 
shall address a 5-year forecast period. 
‘‘(e) U PDATES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State shall update the 
freight plan not less frequently than once every 5 years. 
‘‘(2) F
REIGHT INVESTMENT PLAN .—A State 
may update the freight investment plan more frequently than is required under para-graph (1).’’. 
SEC. 42004. FREIGHT DATA AND TOOLS. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42003), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5407. Transportation investment data and 
planning tools 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) begin development of new tools and 
improvement of existing tools to support an outcome-oriented, performance-based ap-proach to evaluate proposed freight-related and other transportation projects, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) methodologies for systematic analysis 
of benefits and costs on a national or re-gional basis; 
‘‘(B) tools for ensuring that the evaluation 
of freight-related and other transportation projects could consider safety, economic competitiveness, urban and rural access, en-vironmental sustainability, and system con-dition in the project selection process; 
‘‘(C) improved methods for data collection 
and trend analysis; ‘‘(D) encouragement of public-private part-
nerships to carry out data sharing activities while maintaining the confidentiality of all proprietary data; and 
‘‘(E) other tools to assist in effective trans-
portation planning; 
‘‘(2) identify transportation-related model 
data elements to support a broad range of evaluation methods and techniques to assist 
in making transportation investment deci-sions; and 
‘‘(3) at a minimum, in consultation with 
other relevant Federal agencies, consider any improvements to existing freight flow data collection efforts that could reduce identified freight data gaps and deficiencies and help improve forecasts of freight trans-portation demand. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
consult with Federal, State, and other stake-holders to develop, improve, and implement the tools and collect the data described in subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 42005. SAVINGS PROVISION. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42004), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5408. Savings provision 
‘‘Nothing in this chapter provides addi-
tional authority to regulate or direct private activity on freight networks designated by this chapter.’’. 
TITLE XLIII—FORMULA FREIGHT 
PROGRAM 
SEC. 43001. NATIONAL HIGHWAY FREIGHT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 167 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 167. National highway freight program 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—It is the policy of the 
United States to improve the condition and performance of the national highway freight network to ensure that the national freight network provides the foundation for the United States to compete in the global econ-omy and achieve each goal described in sub-section (b). 
‘‘(2) E
STABLISHMENT .—In support of the 
goals described in subsection (b), the Federal Highway Administrator (referred to in this section as the ‘Administrator’) shall estab-lish a national highway freight program in accordance with this section to improve the efficient movement of freight on the na-tional highway freight network. 
‘‘(b) G
OALS .—The goals of the national 
highway freight program are— 
‘‘(1) to invest in infrastructure improve-
ments and to implement operational im-provements on the highways of the United States that— 
‘‘(A) strengthen the contribution of the na-
tional highway freight network to the eco-nomic competitiveness of the United States; 
‘‘(B) reduce congestion and relieve bottle-
necks in the freight transportation system; 
‘‘(C) reduce the cost of freight transpor-
tation; 
‘‘(D) improve the reliability of freight 
transportation; and 
‘‘(E) increase productivity, particularly for 
domestic industries and businesses that cre-ate high-value jobs; 
‘‘(2) to improve the safety, security, effi-
ciency, and resiliency of freight transpor-tation in rural and urban areas; 
‘‘(3) to improve the state of good repair of 
the national highway freight network; 
‘‘(4) to use advanced technology to improve 
the safety and efficiency of the national highway freight network; 
‘‘(5) to incorporate concepts of perform-
ance, innovation, competition, and account-ability into the operation and maintenance of the national highway freight network; ‘‘(6) to improve the efficiency and produc-
tivity of the national highway freight net-work; and 
‘‘(7) to reduce the environmental impacts 
of freight movement. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF A NATIONAL HIGH-
WAYFREIGHT NETWORK .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
establish a national highway freight network in accordance with this section to assist States in strategically directing resources toward improved system performance for ef-ficient movement of freight on highways. 
‘‘(2) N
ETWORK COMPONENTS .—The national 
highway freight network shall consist of— 
‘‘(A) the primary highway freight system, 
as designated under subsection (d); 
‘‘(B) critical rural freight corridors estab-
lished under subsection (e); 
‘‘(C) critical urban freight corridors estab-
lished under subsection (f); and 
‘‘(D) the portions of the Interstate System 
not designated as part of the primary high-way freight system, including designated fu-ture Interstate System routes as of the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(d) D
ESIGNATION AND REDESIGNATION OF  
THEPRIMARY HIGHWAY FREIGHT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL DESIGNATION OF PRIMARY HIGH -
WAY FREIGHT SYSTEM .—The initial designa-
tion of the primary highway freight system shall be— 
‘‘(A) the network designated by the Sec-
retary under section 167(d) of title 23, United States Code, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act; and 
‘‘(B) all National Highway System freight 
intermodal connectors. 
‘‘(2) R
EDESIGNATION OF PRIMARY HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date 
that is 1 year after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act and every 5 years thereafter, using the designation factors described in subparagraph (E), the Administrator shall redesignate the primary highway freight sys-tem (including any additional mileage added to the primary highway freight system under this paragraph as of the date on which the redesignation process is effective). 
‘‘(B) M
ILEAGE .— 
‘‘(i) F IRST REDESIGNATION .—In redesig-
nating the primary highway freight system on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Adminis-trator shall limit the system to 30,000 center-line miles, without regard to the connectivity of the primary highway freight system. 
‘‘(ii) S
UBSEQUENT REDESIGNATIONS .—Each 
redesignation after the redesignation de-scribed in clause (i), the Administrator may increase the primary highway freight system by up to 5 percent of the total mileage of the system, without regard to the connectivity of the primary highway freight system. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In redesignating the pri-
mary highway freight system, to the max-imum extent practicable, the Administrator shall use measurable data to assess the sig-nificance of goods movement, including con-sideration of points of origin, destination, and linking components of the United States global and domestic supply chains. 
‘‘(ii) I
NTERMODAL CONNECTORS .—In redesig-
nating the primary highway freight system, the Administrator shall include all National Highway System freight intermodal connec-tors. 
‘‘(D) I
NPUT .—In addition to the process pro-
vided to State freight advisory committees under paragraph (3), in redesignating the pri-mary highway freight system, the Adminis-trator shall provide an opportunity for State freight advisory committees to submit addi-tional miles for consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6021 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(E) F ACTORS FOR REDESIGNATION .—In re-
designating the primary highway freight sys-tem, the Administrator shall consider— 
‘‘(i) the origins and destinations of freight 
movement in, to, and from the United States; 
‘‘(ii) land and water ports of entry; ‘‘(iii) access to energy exploration, devel-
opment, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(iv) proximity of access to other freight 
intermodal facilities, including rail, air, water, and pipelines; 
‘‘(v) the total freight tonnage and value 
moved via highways; 
‘‘(vi) significant freight bottlenecks, as 
identified by the Administrator; 
‘‘(vii) the annual average daily truck traf-
fic on principal arterials; and 
‘‘(viii) the significance of goods movement 
on principal arterials, including consider-ation of global and domestic supply chains. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE FLEXIBILITY FOR ADDITIONAL  
MILES ON PRIMARY HIGHWAY FREIGHT SYS -
TEM.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after each redesignation conducted by the Administrator under paragraph (2), each State, under the advisement of the State freight advisory committee, as developed and carried out in accordance with sub-section (l), may increase the number of miles designated as part of the primary highway freight system in that State by not more than 10 percent of the miles designated in that State under this subsection if the addi-tional miles— 
‘‘(i) close gaps between primary highway 
freight system segments; 
‘‘(ii) establish connections of the primary 
highway freight system critical to the effi-cient movement of goods, including ports, international border crossings, airports, intermodal facilities, logistics centers, ware-houses, and agricultural facilities; or 
‘‘(iii) designate critical emerging freight 
routes. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Each State, under 
the advisement of the State freight advisory committee that increases the number of miles on the primary highway freight system under subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) consider nominations for the addi-
tional miles from metropolitan planning or-ganizations within the State; 
‘‘(ii) ensure that the additional miles are 
consistent with the freight plan of the State; and 
‘‘(iii) review the primary highway freight 
system of the State designated under para-graph (1) and redesignate miles in a manner that is consistent with paragraph (2). 
‘‘(C) S
UBMISSION .—Each State, under the 
advisement of the State freight advisory committee shall— 
‘‘(i) submit to the Administrator a list of 
the additional miles added under this sub-section; and 
‘‘(ii) certify that— ‘‘(I) the additional miles meet the require-
ments of subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(II) the State, under the advisement of 
the State freight advisory committee, has satisfied the requirements of subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(e) C
RITICAL RURAL FREIGHT CORRIDORS .— 
A State may designate a public road within the borders of the State as a critical rural freight corridor if the public road— 
‘‘(1) is a rural principal arterial roadway 
and has a minimum of 25 percent of the an-nual average daily traffic of the road meas-ured in passenger vehicle equivalent units from trucks (Federal Highway Administra-tion vehicle class 8 to 13); 
‘‘(2) provides access to energy exploration, 
development, installation, or production areas; ‘‘(3) connects the primary highway freight 
system, a roadway described in paragraph (1) or (2), or the Interstate System to facilities that handle more than— 
‘‘(A) 50,000 20-foot equivalent units per 
year; or 
‘‘(B) 500,000 tons per year of bulk commod-
ities; 
‘‘(4) provides access to— ‘‘(A) a grain elevator; ‘‘(B) an agricultural facility; ‘‘(C) a mining facility; ‘‘(D) a forestry facility; or ‘‘(E) an intermodal facility; ‘‘(5) connects to an international port of 
entry; 
‘‘(6) provides access to significant air, rail, 
water, or other freight facilities in the State; or 
‘‘(7) is, in the determination of the State, 
vital to improving the efficient movement of freight of importance to the economy of the State. 
‘‘(f) C
RITICAL URBAN FREIGHT CORRIDORS .— 
‘‘(1) U RBANIZED AREA WITH POPULATION OF  
500,000 OR MORE .—In an urbanized area with a 
population of 500,000 or more individuals, the representative metropolitan planning orga-nization, in consultation with the State, may designate a public road within the bor-ders of that area of the State as a critical urban freight corridor. 
‘‘(2) U
RBANIZED AREA WITH A POPULATION  
LESS THAN 500 ,000.—In an urbanized area with 
a population of less than 500,000 individuals, the State, in consultation with the rep-resentative metropolitan planning organiza-tion, may designate a public road within the borders of that area of the State as a critical urban freight corridor. 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR DESIGNATION .—A 
designation may be made under paragraphs (1) or (2) if the public road— 
‘‘(A) is in an urbanized area, regardless of 
population; and 
‘‘(B)(i) connects an intermodal facility to— ‘‘(I) the primary highway freight network; ‘‘(II) the Interstate System; or ‘‘(III) an intermodal freight facility; ‘‘(ii) is located within a corridor of a route 
on the primary highway freight network and provides an alternative highway option im-portant to goods movement; 
‘‘(iii) serves a major freight generator, lo-
gistic center, or manufacturing and ware-house industrial land; or 
‘‘(iv) is important to the movement of 
freight within the region, as determined by the metropolitan planning organization or the State. 
‘‘(g) D
ESIGNATION AND CERTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION .—States and metropoli-
tan planning organizations may designate corridors under subsections (e) and (f) and submit the designated corridors to the Ad-ministrator on a rolling basis. 
‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Each State or metro-
politan planning organization that des-ignates a corridor under subsection (e) or (f) shall certify to the Administrator that the designated corridor meets the requirements of the applicable subsection. 
‘‘(h) H
IGHWAY FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION  
CONDITIONS AND PERFORMANCE REPORTS .— 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of the DRIVE Act and biennially thereafter, the Administrator shall prepare and submit to Congress a report that de-scribes the conditions and performance of the national highway freight network in the United States. 
‘‘(i) U
SE OF APPORTIONED FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State shall obligate 
funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) to improve the movement of freight on the national highway freight network. ‘‘(2) F
ORMULA .—The Administrator shall 
calculate for each State the proportion that— 
‘‘(A) the total mileage in the State des-
ignated as part of the primary highway freight system; bears to 
‘‘(B) the total mileage of the primary high-
way freight system in all States. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) S TATES WITH HIGH PRIMARY HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM MILEAGE .—If the proportion 
of a State under paragraph (2) is greater than or equal to 3 percent, the State may ob-ligate funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) for projects on— 
‘‘(i) the primary highway freight system; ‘‘(ii) critical rural freight corridors; and ‘‘(iii) critical urban freight corridors. ‘‘(B) S
TATES WITH LOW PRIMARY HIGHWAY  
FREIGHT SYSTEM MILEAGE .—If the proportion 
of a State under paragraph (2) is less than 3 
percent, the State may obligate funds appor-tioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) for projects on any component of the national highway freight network. 
‘‘(4) F
REIGHT PLANNING .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, effective begin-ning 2 years after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, a State may not obligate funds apportioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) unless the State has— 
‘‘(A) established a freight advisory com-
mittee in accordance with section 5405 of title 49; and 
‘‘(B) developed a freight plan in accordance 
with section 5406 of title 49, except that the multimodal component of the plan may be incomplete before an obligation may be made under this section. 
‘‘(5) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
this subsection, for a project to be eligible for funding under this section the project shall— 
‘‘(i) contribute to the efficient movement 
of freight on the national highway freight network; and 
‘‘(ii) be consistent with a freight invest-
ment plan included in a freight plan of the State that is in effect. 
‘‘(B) O
THER PROJECTS .—A State may obli-
gate not more than 10 percent of the total apportionment of the State under section 104(b)(5) for projects— 
‘‘(i) within the boundaries of public and 
private freight rail, water facilities (includ-ing ports), and intermodal facilities; and 
‘‘(ii) that provide surface transportation 
infrastructure necessary to facilitate direct intermodal interchange, transfer, and access into and out of the facility. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .—Funds appor-
tioned to the State under section 104(b)(5) for the national highway freight program may be obligated to carry out 1 or more of the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(i) Development phase activities, includ-
ing planning, feasibility analysis, revenue forecasting, environmental review, prelimi-nary engineering and design work, and other preconstruction activities. 
‘‘(ii) Construction, reconstruction, reha-
bilitation, acquisition of real property (in-cluding land relating to the project and im-provements to land), construction contin-gencies, acquisition of equipment, and oper-ational improvements directly relating to improving system performance. 
‘‘(iii) Intelligent transportation systems 
and other technology to improve the flow of freight, including intelligent freight trans-portation systems. 
‘‘(iv) Efforts to reduce the environmental 
impacts of freight movement. 
‘‘(v) Environmental and community miti-
gation of freight movement. 
‘‘(vi) Railway-highway grade separation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6022 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(vii) Geometric improvements to inter-
changes and ramps. 
‘‘(viii) Truck-only lanes. ‘‘(ix) Climbing and runaway truck lanes. ‘‘(x) Adding or widening of shoulders. ‘‘(xi) Truck parking facilities eligible for 
funding under section 1401 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 137 note; Public Law 112–141). 
‘‘(xii) Real-time traffic, truck parking, 
roadway condition, and multimodal trans-portation information systems. 
‘‘(xiii) Electronic screening and 
credentialing systems for vehicles, including weigh-in-motion truck inspection tech-nologies. 
‘‘(xiv) Traffic signal optimization, includ-
ing synchronized and adaptive signals. 
‘‘(xv) Work zone management and informa-
tion systems. 
‘‘(xvi) Highway ramp metering. ‘‘(xvii) Electronic cargo and border secu-
rity technologies that improve truck freight movement. 
‘‘(xviii) Intelligent transportation systems 
that would increase truck freight efficiencies inside the boundaries of intermodal facili-ties. 
‘‘(xix) Additional road capacity to address 
highway freight bottlenecks. 
‘‘(xx) A highway project, other than a 
project described in clauses (i) through (xix), to improve the flow of freight on the na-tional highway freight network. 
‘‘(xxi) Any other surface transportation 
project to improve the flow of freight into and out of a facility described in subpara-graph (B). 
‘‘(6) O
THER ELIGIBLE COSTS .—In addition to 
the eligible projects identified in paragraph (5), a State may use funds apportioned under section 104(b)(5) for— 
‘‘(A) carrying out diesel retrofit or alter-
native fuel projects under section 149 for class 8 vehicles; and 
‘‘(B) the necessary costs of— ‘‘(i) conducting analyses and data collec-
tion related to the national highway freight program; 
‘‘(ii) developing and updating performance 
targets to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(iii) reporting to the Administrator to 
comply with section 150. 
‘‘(7) A
PPLICABILITY OF PLANNING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Programming and expenditure of 
funds for projects under this section shall be consistent with the requirements of sections 134 and 135. 
‘‘(j) S
TATE PERFORMANCE TARGETS .—If the 
Administrator determines that a State has not met or made significant progress toward meeting the performance targets related to freight movement of the State established under section 150(d) by the date that is 2 years after the date of the establishment of the performance targets, until the date on which the Administrator determines that the State has met or has made significant progress towards meeting the performance targets, the State shall submit to the Ad-ministrator, on a biennial basis, a freight performance improvement plan that in-cludes— 
‘‘(1) an identification of significant freight 
system trends, needs, and issues within the State; 
‘‘(2) a description of the freight policies 
and strategies that will guide the freight-re-lated transportation investments of the State; 
‘‘(3) an inventory of freight bottlenecks 
within the State and a description of the ways in which the State is allocating the na-tional highway freight program funds to im-prove those bottlenecks; and 
‘‘(4) a description of the actions the State 
will undertake to meet the performance tar-gets of the State. ‘‘(k) S
TUDY OF MULTIMODAL PROJECTS .— 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-actment of the DRIVE Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit to Congress a report that contains— 
‘‘(1) a study of freight projects identified in 
State freight plans under section 5406 of title 49; and 
‘‘(2) an evaluation of multimodal freight 
projects included in the State freight plans, or otherwise identified by States, that are subject to the limitation of funding for such projects under this section. 
‘‘(l) S
TATE FREIGHT ADVISORY COMMIT -
TEES.—A State freight advisory committee 
shall be carried out as described in section 5405 of title 49. 
‘‘(m) S
TATE FREIGHT PLANS .—A State 
freight plan shall be carried out as described in section 5406 of title 49. 
‘‘(n) I
NTELLIGENT FREIGHT TRANSPORTATION  
SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF INTELLIGENT FREIGHT  
TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM .—In this section, 
the term ‘intelligent freight transportation system’ means— 
‘‘(A) an innovative or intelligent techno-
logical transportation system, infrastruc-ture, or facilities, including electronic roads, driverless trucks, elevated freight transpor-tation facilities, and other intelligent freight transportation systems; and 
‘‘(B) a communications or information 
processing system used singly or in combina-tion for dedicated intelligent freight lanes and conveyances that improve the efficiency, security, or safety of freight on the Federal- aid highway system or that operate to con-vey freight or improve existing freight move-ments. 
‘‘(2) L
OCATION .—An intelligent freight 
transportation system shall be located— 
‘‘(A)(i) along existing Federal-aid high-
ways; or 
‘‘(ii) in a manner that connects ports-of- 
entry to existing Federal-aid highways; and 
‘‘(B) in proximity to, or within, an existing 
right-of-way on a Federal-aid highway. 
‘‘(3) O PERATING STANDARDS .—The Adminis-
trator of the Federal Highway Administra-tion shall determine the need for estab-lishing operating standards for intelligent freight transportation systems. 
‘‘(o) T
REATMENT OF FREIGHT PROJECTS .— 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a freight project carried out under this sec-tion shall be treated as if the project were on a Federal-aid highway.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) The analysis for chapter 1 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘167. National highway freight program.’’ 
(2) Sections 1116, 1117, and 1118 of MAP–21 
(23 U.S.C. 167 note; Public Law 112–141) are repealed. 
TITLE XLIV—GRANTS 
SEC. 44001. PURPOSE; DEFINITIONS; ADMINIS-
TRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The purpose of the grants 
described in the amendments made by sec-tion 44002 is to assist in funding critical high-cost transportation infrastructure projects that— 
(1) are difficult to complete with existing 
Federal, State, local, and private funds; and 
(2) will achieve 1 or more of— (A) generation of national or regional eco-
nomic benefits and an increase in the global economic competitiveness of the United States; 
(B) reduction of congestion and the im-
pacts of congestion; 
(C) improvement of facilities vital to agri-
culture, manufacturing, or national energy security; (D) improvement of the efficiency, reli-
ability, and affordability of the movement of freight; 
(E) improvement of transportation safety; (F) improvement of existing and des-
ignated future Interstate System routes; or 
(G) improvement of the movement of peo-
ple through improving rural connectivity and metropolitan accessibility. 
(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section and for 
purposes of the grant programs established under the amendments made by section 44002: 
(1) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANT .—The term ‘‘eligi-
ble applicant’’ means— 
(A) a State (or a group of States); (B) a local government (or a group of local 
governments); 
(C) a tribal government (or a consortium of 
tribal governments); 
(D) a transit agency (or a group of transit 
agencies); 
(E) a special purpose district or a public 
authority with a transportation function; 
(F) a port authority (or a group of port au-
thorities); 
(G) a political subdivision of a State or 
local government; 
(H) a Federal land management agency, 
jointly with the applicable State; or 
(I) a multistate or multijurisdictional 
group of entities described in subparagraphs (A) through (H). 
(2) R
URAL AREA .—The term ‘‘rural area’’ 
means an area that is outside of an urban-ized area with a population greater than 150,000 individuals, as determined by the Bu-reau of the Census. 
(3) R
URAL STATE .—The term ‘‘rural State’’ 
means a State that has a population density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile, based on the most recent decennial census. 
(c) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible applicant shall 
submit to the Secretary or the Federal High-way Administrator (referred to in this sec-tion as the ‘‘Administrator’’), as appropriate, an application in such form and containing such information as the Secretary or Admin-istrator, as appropriate, determines nec-essary, including the total amount of the grant requested. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under this paragraph shall include data on the most recent system performance, to the extent practicable, and estimated system improvements that will result from comple-tion of the eligible project, including projec-tions for improvements 5 and 10 years after completion of the project. 
(3) R
ESUBMISSION OF APPLICATIONS .—An eli-
gible applicant whose project is not selected may resubmit an application in a subsequent solicitation with an addendum indicating changes to the project application. 
(d) A
CCOUNTABILITY MEASURES .—The Sec-
retary and the Administrator shall establish accountability measures for the manage-ment of the grants described in this sec-tion— 
(1) to establish clear procedures for ad-
dressing late-arriving applications; 
(2) to publicly communicate decisions to 
accept or reject applications; and 
(3) to document major decisions in the ap-
plication evaluation and project selection process through a decision memorandum or similar mechanism that provides a clear ra-tionale for decisions. 
(e) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—In awarding 
grants, the Secretary or Administrator, as appropriate, shall take measures to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable— 
(1) an equitable geographic distribution of 
amounts; and 
(2) an appropriate balance in addressing 
the needs of rural and urban communities. 
(f) R
EPORTS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6023 July 27, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the Ad-
ministrator, as appropriate, shall make available on the website of the Department at the end of each fiscal year an annual re-port that lists each project for which a grant has been provided under this section during that fiscal year. 
(2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL .— 
(A) A SSESSMENT .—The Comptroller Gen-
eral of the United States shall conduct an as-sessment of the administrative establish-ment, solicitation, selection, and justifica-tion process with respect to the funding of grants described in this title. 
(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the initial awarding of grants described in this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives a report that describes— 
(i) the adequacy and fairness of the process 
by which each project was selected, if appli-cable; 
(ii) the justification and criteria used for 
the selection of each project, if applicable. 
SEC. 44002. GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 23, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 171. Assistance for major projects program 
‘‘(a) P
URPOSE OF PROGRAM .—The purpose of 
the assistance for major projects program shall be the purpose described in section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the terms defined in section 44001 of 
the DRIVE Act shall apply; and 
‘‘(2) the following definitions shall apply: ‘‘(A) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘Adminis-
trator’ means the Administrator of the Fed-eral Highway Administration. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible 
project’ means a surface transportation project, or a program of integrated surface transportation projects closely related in the function the projects perform, that— 
‘‘(I) is a capital project that is eligible for 
Federal financial assistance under— 
‘‘(aa) this title; or ‘‘(bb) chapter 53 of title 49; and ‘‘(II) except as provided in clause (ii), has 
eligible project costs that are reasonably an-ticipated to equal or exceed the lesser of— 
‘‘(aa) $350,000,000; and ‘‘(bb)(AA) for a project located in a single 
State, 25 percent of the amount of Federal- aid highway funds apportioned to the State for the most recently completed fiscal year; 
‘‘(BB) for a project located in a single rural 
State with a population density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile based on the most recent decennial census, 10 percent of the amount of Federal-aid highway funds ap-portioned to the State for the most recently completed fiscal year; or 
‘‘(CC) for a project located in more than 1 
State, 75 percent of the amount of Federal- aid highway funds apportioned to the par-ticipating State that has the largest appor-tionment for the most recently completed fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) F
EDERAL LAND TRANSPORTATION FACIL -
ITY.—In the case of a Federal land transpor-
tation facility, the term ‘eligible project’ means a Federal land transportation facility that has eligible project costs that are rea-sonably anticipated to equal or exceed $150,000,000. 
‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT COSTS .—The term 
‘eligible project costs’ means the costs of— 
‘‘(i) development phase activities, includ-
ing planning, feasibility analysis, revenue forecasting, environmental review, prelimi-
nary engineering and design work, and other preconstruction activities; and 
‘‘(ii) construction, reconstruction, reha-
bilitation, and acquisition of real property (including land related to the project and improvements to land), environmental miti-gation, construction contingencies, acquisi-tion of equipment directly related to improv-ing system performance, and operational im-provements. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Ad-
ministrator shall establish a program in ac-cordance with this section to provide grants for projects that will have a significant im-pact on a region or the Nation. 
‘‘(d) S
OLICITATIONS AND APPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANT SOLICITATIONS .—The Adminis-
trator shall conduct a transparent and com-petitive national solicitation process to re-view eligible projects for funding under this section. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible applicant 
shall submit an application to the Adminis-trator in such form as described in and in ac-cordance with section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(e) C
RITERIA FOR PROJECT EVALUATION  
ANDSELECTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator may 
select a project for funding under this sec-tion only if the Administrator determines that the project— 
‘‘(A) is consistent with the national goals 
described in section 150(b); 
‘‘(B) will significantly improve the per-
formance of the national surface transpor-tation network, nationally or regionally; 
‘‘(C) is based on the results of preliminary 
engineering; 
‘‘(D) is consistent with the long-range 
statewide transportation plan; 
‘‘(E) cannot be readily and efficiently com-
pleted without Federal financial assistance; 
‘‘(F) is justified based on the ability of the 
project to achieve 1 or more of— 
‘‘(i) generation of national economic bene-
fits that reasonably exceed the costs of the project; 
‘‘(ii) reduction of long-term congestion, in-
cluding impacts on a national, regional, and statewide basis; 
‘‘(iii) an increase in the speed, reliability, 
and accessibility of the movement of people or freight; or 
‘‘(iv) improvement of transportation safe-
ty, including reducing transportation acci-dent and serious injuries and fatalities; and 
‘‘(G) is supported by a sufficient amount of 
non-Federal funding, including evidence of stable and dependable financing to con-struct, maintain, and operate the infrastruc-ture facility. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In eval-
uating a project under this section, in addi-tion to the criteria described in paragraph (1), the Administrator shall consider the ex-tent to which the project— 
‘‘(A) leverages Federal investment by en-
couraging non-Federal contributions to the project, including contributions from public- private partnerships; 
‘‘(B) is able to begin construction by the 
date that is not later than 18 months after the date on which the project is selected; 
‘‘(C) incorporates innovative project deliv-
ery and financing to the maximum extent practicable; 
‘‘(D) helps maintain or protect the environ-
ment; 
‘‘(E) improves roadways vital to national 
energy security; 
‘‘(F) improves or upgrades designated fu-
ture Interstate System routes; 
‘‘(G) uses innovative technologies, includ-
ing intelligent transportation systems, that enhance the efficiency of the project; ‘‘(H) helps to improve mobility and acces-
sibility; and 
‘‘(I) address the impact of population 
growth on the movement of people and freight. 
‘‘(f) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—In award-
ing grants under this section, the Adminis-trator shall take measures as described in section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(g) F
UNDING REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except in the case of 
projects described in paragraph (2), the amount of a grant under this section shall be at least $50,000,000. 
‘‘(2) R
URAL PROJECTS .—The amounts made 
available for a fiscal year under this section for eligible projects located in rural areas or in rural States shall not be— 
‘‘(A) less than 20 percent of the amount 
made available for the fiscal year under this section; and 
‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION OF FUNDS .—Not more than 
20 percent of the funds made available for a fiscal year to carry out this section shall be allocated for projects eligible under section 167(i)(5)(B) or chapter 53 of title 49. 
‘‘(4) S
TATE CAP .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not more than 20 per-
cent of the funds made available for a fiscal year to carry out this section may be award-ed to projects in a single State. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR MULTISTATE  
PROJECTS .—For purposes of the limitation 
described in subparagraph (A), funds awarded for a multistate project shall be considered to be distributed evenly to each State. 
‘‘(5) TIFIA 
PROGRAM .—On the request of an 
eligible applicant under this section, the Ad-ministrator may use amounts awarded to the entity to pay subsidy and administrative costs necessary to provide the entity Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 with re-spect to the project for which the grant was awarded. 
‘‘(h) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) A PPLICABILITY OF PLANNING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The programming and expenditure 
of funds for projects under this section shall be consistent with the requirements of sec-tions 134 and 135. 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF APPLICABLE MODAL  
REQUIREMENTS .—If an eligible project that 
receives a grant under this section has a crossmodal component, the Administrator— 
‘‘(A) shall determine the predominant 
modal component of the project; and 
‘‘(B) may apply the applicable require-
ments of that predominant modal component to the project. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORT TO THE ADMINISTRATOR .—For 
each project funded under this section, the project sponsor shall evaluate system per-formance and submit to the Administrator a report not later than 5, 10, and 20 years after completion of the project to assess whether the project outcomes have met preconstruction projections. 
‘‘(j) A
DMINISTRATIVE SELECTION .—The Ad-
ministrator shall award grants to eligible projects in a fiscal year based on the criteria described in subsection (e). 
‘‘(k) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
provide an annual report as described in sec-tion 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL .—The Comp-
troller General of the United States shall conduct an assessment as described in sec-tion 44001 of the DRIVE Act.’’. 
(b) A
SSISTANCE FOR FREIGHT PROJECTS .— 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 42005, is amended by adding after section 5408 the fol-lowing: 
‘‘§ 5409. Assistance for freight projects 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall 
establish and implement an assistance for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6024 July 27, 2015 
freight projects grant program for capital in-
vestments in major freight transportation infrastructure projects to improve the move-ment of goods through the transportation network of the United States. 
‘‘(b) C
RITERIA FOR PROJECT EVALUATION  
ANDSELECTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may se-
lect a project for funding under this section only if the Secretary determines that the project— 
‘‘(A) is consistent with the goals described 
in section 5402(b); 
‘‘(B) will significantly improve the na-
tional or regional performance of the freight transportation network; 
‘‘(C) is based on the results of preliminary 
engineering; 
‘‘(D) is consistent with the long-range 
statewide transportation plan; 
‘‘(E) cannot be readily and efficiently com-
pleted without Federal financial assistance; 
‘‘(F) is justified based on the ability of the 
project— 
‘‘(i) to generate national economic benefits 
that reasonably exceed the costs of the project; 
‘‘(ii) to reduce long-term congestion, in-
cluding impacts on a regional and statewide basis; or 
‘‘(iii) to increase the speed, reliability, and 
accessibility of the movement of freight; and 
‘‘(G) is supported by a sufficient amount of 
non-Federal funding, including evidence of stable and dependable financing to con-struct, maintain, and operate the infrastruc-ture facility. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—In eval-
uating a project under this section, in addi-tion to the criteria described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the extent to which the project— 
‘‘(A) leverages Federal investment by en-
couraging non-Federal contributions to the project, including contributions from public- private partnerships; 
‘‘(B) is able to begin construction by the 
date that is not later than 1 year after the date on which the project is selected; 
‘‘(C) incorporates innovative project deliv-
ery and financing to the maximum extent practicable; 
‘‘(D) improves freight facilities vital to ag-
ricultural or national energy security; 
‘‘(E) improves or upgrades current or des-
ignated future Interstate System routes; 
‘‘(F) uses innovative technologies, includ-
ing intelligent transportation systems, that enhance the efficiency of the project; 
‘‘(G) helps to improve mobility and acces-
sibility; and 
‘‘(H) improves transportation safety, in-
cluding reducing transportation accident and serious injuries and fatalities. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A project is eligible for a 
grant under this section if the project— 
‘‘(A) is difficult to complete with existing 
Federal, State, local, and private funds; 
‘‘(B)(i) enhances the economic competitive-
ness of the United States; or 
‘‘(ii) improves the flow of freight or re-
duces bottlenecks in the freight infrastruc-ture of the United States; and 
‘‘(C) will advance 1 or more of the fol-
lowing objectives: 
‘‘(i) Generate regional or national eco-
nomic benefits and an increase in the global economic competitiveness of the United States. 
‘‘(ii) Improve transportation resources 
vital to agriculture or national energy secu-rity. 
‘‘(iii) Improve the efficiency, reliability, 
and affordability of the movement of freight. 
‘‘(iv) Improve existing freight infrastruc-
ture projects. ‘‘(v) Improve the movement of people by 
improving rural and metropolitan freight routes. 
‘‘(2) E
XAMPLES .—Eligible projects for grant 
funding under this section shall include— 
‘‘(A) a freight intermodal facility, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(i) an intermodal facility serving a sea-
port; 
‘‘(ii) an intermodal or cargo access facility 
serving an airport; 
‘‘(iii) an intermodal facility serving a port 
on the inland waterways; 
‘‘(iv) a bulk intermodal/transload facility; 
or 
‘‘(v) a highway/rail intermodal facility; ‘‘(B) a highway or bridge project eligible 
under title 23; 
‘‘(C) a public transportation project that 
reduces congestion on freight corridors and is eligible under chapter 53; 
‘‘(D) a freight rail transportation project 
(including rail-grade separations); and 
‘‘(E) a port infrastructure investment (in-
cluding inland port infrastructure). 
‘‘(d) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSIDERATIONS .—In selecting projects 
to receive grant funding under this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) consider— ‘‘(i) projected freight volumes; and ‘‘(ii) how projects will enhance economic 
efficiency, productivity, and competitive-ness; 
‘‘(iii) population growth and the impact on 
freight demand; and 
‘‘(B) give priority to projects dedicated 
to— 
‘‘(i) improving freight infrastructure facili-
ties; 
‘‘(ii) reducing travel time for freight 
projects; 
‘‘(iii) reducing freight transportation costs; 
and 
‘‘(iv) reducing congestion caused by rapid 
population growth on freight corridors. 
‘‘(2) M
ULTIMODAL DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS .— 
In distributing funding for grants under this section, the Secretary shall take such meas-ures as the Secretary determines necessary to ensure the investment in a variety of transportation modes. 
‘‘(3) A
MOUNT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B)(i), a grant under this sec-tion shall be in an amount that is not less than $10,000,000 and not greater than $100,000,000. 
‘‘(B) P
ROJECTS IN RURAL AREAS .—If a grant 
awarded under this section is for a project located in a rural area— 
‘‘(i) the amount of the grant shall be at 
least $1,000,000; and 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary may increase the Fed-
eral share of costs to greater than 80 percent. 
‘‘(4) F
EDERAL SHARE .—Except as provided 
under paragraph (3)(B)(ii), the Federal share of the costs for a project receiving a grant under this section shall be up to 80 percent. 
‘‘(5) P
RIORITY .—The Secretary shall give 
priority to projects that require a contribu-tion of Federal funds in order to complete an overall financing package. 
‘‘(6) R
URAL AREAS .—Not less than 25 per-
cent of the funding provided under this sec-tion shall be used to make grants for projects located in rural areas. 
‘‘(7) N
EW COMPETITION .—The Secretary 
shall conduct a new competition each fiscal year to select the grants and credit assist-ance awarded under this section. 
‘‘(e) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall 
consult with the Secretary of Energy when considering projects that facilitate the movement of energy resources. 
‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated from the general fund of the Treasury, $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 
2016 through 2021 to carry out this section. 
‘‘(2) A DMINISTRATIVE AND OVERSIGHT  
COSTS .—The Secretary may retain up to 0.5 
percent of the amounts appropriated pursu-
ant to paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) to administer the assistance for 
freight projects grant program; and 
‘‘(B) to oversee eligible projects funded 
under this section. 
‘‘(3) A DMINISTRATION OF FUNDS .—Amounts 
appropriated pursuant to this subsection shall be available for obligation until ex-pended. 
‘‘(g) C
ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Not 
later than 72 hours before public notification of a grant awarded under this section, the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate, the Committee on Appro-priations of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of such award. 
‘‘(h) A
CCOUNTABILITY MEASURES .—The Sec-
retary shall provide to Congress documenta-tion of major decisions in the application evaluation and project selection process, which shall include a clear rationale for de-cisions— 
‘‘(1) to advance for senior review applica-
tions other than those rated as highly rec-ommended; 
‘‘(2) to not advance applications rated as 
highly recommended; and 
‘‘(3) to change the technical evaluation 
rating of an application.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The analysis 
for chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘171. Assistance for major projects pro-
gram.’’. 
DIVISION E—FINANCE 
SEC. 50001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Trans-
portation Funding Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE LI—HIGHWAY TRUST FUND AND 
RELATED TAXES 
Subtitle A—Extension of Trust Fund 
Expenditure Authority and Related Taxes 
SEC. 51101. EXTENSION OF TRUST FUND EXPEND-
ITURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND.—Section 9503 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amend-ed by division G, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ in sub-
sections (b)(6)(B), (c)(1), and (e)(3) and insert-ing ‘‘October 1, 2021’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Surface Transportation 
Extension Act of 2015’’ in subsections (c)(1) and (e)(3) and inserting ‘‘DRIVE Act’’. 
(b) S
PORT FISHRESTORATION AND BOATING  
TRUST FUND.—Section 9504 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by division G is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Surface Transportation 
Extension Act of 2015’’ each place it appears in subsection (b)(2) and inserting ‘‘DRIVE Act’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ in sub-
section (d)(2) and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2021’’. 
(c) L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK 
TRUST FUND.—Paragraph (2) of section 
9508(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by division G, is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2021’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on Au-gust 1, 2015. 
SEC. 51102. EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY-RELATED 
TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6025 July 27, 2015 
(1) Each of the following provisions of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’: 
(A) Section 4041(a)(1)(C)(iii)(I). (B) Section 4041(m)(1)(B). (C) Section 4081(d)(1). (2) Each of the following provisions of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’: 
(A) Section 4041(m)(1)(A). 
(B) Section 4051(c). (C) Section 4071(d). (D) Section 4081(d)(3). 
(b) E
XTENSION OF TAX, ETC., ONUSE OF CER-
TAIN HEAVY VEHICLES .—Each of the following 
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2024’’: 
(1) Section 4481(f). (2) Subsections (c)(4) and (d) of section 4482. 
(c) F
LOOR STOCKS REFUNDS .—Section 
6412(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’, 
(2) by striking ‘‘March 31, 2017’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2024’’, and 
(3) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and in-
serting ‘‘January 1, 2024’’. 
(d) E
XTENSION OF CERTAIN EXEMPTIONS .— 
(1) Section 4221(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. 
(2) Section 4483(i) of such Code is amended 
by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2024’’. 
(e) E
XTENSION OF TRANSFERS OF CERTAIN  
TAXES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 9503 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(A) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ each place 
it appears in paragraphs (1) and (2) and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’, 
(ii) by striking ‘‘O
CTOBER 1 , 2016’’ in the 
heading of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘O C-
TOBER 1 , 2023’’, 
(iii) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ in 
paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’, and 
(iv) by striking ‘‘July 1, 2017’’ in paragraph 
(2) and inserting ‘‘July 1, 2024’’, and 
(B) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘July 1, 
2017’’ and inserting ‘‘July 1, 2024’’. 
(2) M
OTORBOAT AND SMALL -ENGINE FUEL TAX  
TRANSFERS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraphs (3)(A)(i) and 
(4)(A) of section 9503(c) of such Code are each amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO LAND AND  
WATER CONSERVATION FUND .—Section 200310 
of title 54, United States Code, is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2024’’, and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and in-
serting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2016. 
Subtitle B—Additional Transfers to Highway 
Trust Fund 
SEC. 51201. FURTHER ADDITIONAL TRANSFERS 
TO TRUST FUND. 
Subsection (f) of section 9503 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by re-designating paragraph (7) as paragraph (9) and by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: 
‘‘(7) F
URTHER TRANSFERS TO TRUST FUND .— 
Out of money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there is hereby appropriated— 
‘‘(A) $34,401,000,000 to the Highway Account 
(as defined in subsection (e)(5)(B)) in the Highway Trust Fund; and ‘‘(B) $11,214,000,000 to the Mass Transit Ac-
count in the Highway Trust Fund. 
‘‘(8) A
DDITIONAL INCREASE IN FUND BAL -
ANCE .—There is hereby transferred to the 
Highway Account (as defined in subsection (e)(5)(B)) in the Highway Trust Fund amounts appropriated from the Leaking Un-derground Storage Tank Trust Fund under section 9508(c)(4).’’. 
SEC. 51202. TRANSFER TO HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
OF CERTAIN MOTOR VEHICLE SAFE-TY PENALTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (5) of section 
9503(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘There are hereby’’ and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—There are hereby’’, and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(B) P ENALTIES RELATED TO MOTOR VEHICLE  
SAFETY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—There are hereby appro-
priated to the Highway Trust Fund amounts equivalent to covered motor vehicle safety penalty collections. 
‘‘(ii) C
OVERED MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY PEN -
ALTY COLLECTIONS .—For purposes of this sub-
paragraph, the term ‘covered motor vehicle safety penalty collections’ means any amount collected in connection with a civil penalty under section 30165 of title 49, United States Code, reduced by any award author-ized by the Secretary of Transportation to be paid to any person in connection with infor-mation provided by such person related to a violation of chapter 301 of such title which is a predicate to such civil penalty.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to amounts collected after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 51203. APPROPRIATION FROM LEAKING UN-
DERGROUND STORAGE TANK TRUST FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 
9508 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL TRANSFER TO HIGHWAY  
TRUST FUND .—Out of amounts in the Leaking 
Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund there is hereby appropriated— 
‘‘(A) on the date of the enactment of the 
DRIVE Act, $100,000,000, 
‘‘(B) on October 1, 2016, $100,000,000, and ‘‘(C) on October 1, 2017, $100,000,000, 
to be transferred under section 9503(f)(8) to the Highway Account (as defined in section 9503(e)(5)(B)) in the Highway Trust Fund.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
9508(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’. 
TITLE LII—OFFSETS 
Subtitle A—Tax Provisions 
SEC. 52101. CONSISTENT BASIS REPORTING BE-
TWEEN ESTATE AND PERSON AC-QUIRING PROPERTY FROM DECE-DENT. 
(a) P ROPERTY ACQUIRED FROM A DECE-
DENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1014 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) B
ASIS MUSTBECONSISTENT WITHES-
TATE TAXVALUE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The basis under sub-
section (a) of any property shall not exceed— 
‘‘(A) in the case of property the value of 
which has been finally determined for pur-poses of the tax imposed by chapter 11 on the estate of such decedent, such value, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of property not described 
in subparagraph (A) and with respect to which a statement has been furnished under section 6035(a) identifying the value of such 
property, such value. 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION .—For purposes of para-
graph (1), the value of property has been fi-nally determined for purposes of the tax im-posed by chapter 11 if— 
‘‘(A) the value of such property is shown on 
a return under section 6018 and such value is not contested by the Secretary before the ex-piration of the time for assessing a tax under chapter 11, 
‘‘(B) in a case not described in subpara-
graph (A), the value is specified by the Sec-retary and such value is not timely con-tested by the executor of the estate, or 
‘‘(C) the value is determined by a court or 
pursuant to a settlement agreement with the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may by 
regulations provide exceptions to the appli-cation of this subsection.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall apply to prop-erty with respect to which an estate tax re-turn is filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) I
NFORMATION REPORTING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subpart A of part III of 
subchapter A of chapter 61 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after section 6034A the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 6035. BASIS INFORMATION TO PERSONS AC-
QUIRING PROPERTY FROM DECE-DENT. 
‘‘(a) I NFORMATION WITHRESPECT TO PROP-
ERTY ACQUIRED FROMDECEDENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The executor of any es-
tate required to file a return under section 6018(a) shall furnish to the Secretary and to each person acquiring any interest in prop-erty included in the decedent’s gross estate for Federal estate tax purposes a statement identifying the value of each interest in such property as reported on such return and such other information with respect to such inter-est as the Secretary may prescribe. 
‘‘(2) S
TATEMENTS BY BENEFICIARIES .—Each 
person required to file a return under section 6018(b) shall furnish to the Secretary and to each other person who holds a legal or bene-ficial interest in the property to which such return relates a statement identifying the information described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) T
IME FOR FURNISHING STATEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each statement re-
quired to be furnished under paragraph (1) or (2) shall be furnished at such time as the Secretary may prescribe, but in no case at a time later than the earlier of— 
‘‘(i) the date which is 30 days after the date 
on which the return under section 6018 was required to be filed (including extensions, if any), or 
‘‘(ii) the date which is 30 days after the 
date such return is filed. 
‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENTS .—In any case in which 
there is an adjustment to the information re-quired to be included on a statement filed under paragraph (1) or (2) after such state-ment has been filed, a supplemental state-ment under such paragraph shall be filed not later than the date which is 30 days after such adjustment is made. 
‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
prescribe such regulations as necessary to carry out this section, including regulations relating to— 
‘‘(1) the extension of this section to prop-
erty of estates not required to file an estate tax return, and 
‘‘(2) situations in which the surviving joint 
tenant or other recipient may have better in-formation than the executor regarding the basis or fair market value of the property.’’. 
(2) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FILE .— 
(A) R ETURN .—Section 6724(d)(1) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6026 July 27, 2015 
end of subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end of subparagraph (C) and in-serting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) any statement required to be filed 
with the Secretary under section 6035.’’. 
(B) S
TATEMENT .—Section 6724(d)(2) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (GG), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (HH) and insert-ing ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(II) section 6035 (other than a statement 
described in paragraph (1)(D)).’’. 
(3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for subpart A of part III of sub-chapter A of chapter 61 of such Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6034A the following new item: 
‘‘SEC. 6035. BASIS INFORMATION TO PERSONS AC-
QUIRING PROPERTY FROM DECE-DENT.’’. 
(4) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(c) P
ENALTY FOR INCONSISTENT REPORT -
ING.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 
6662 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after paragraph (7) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) Any inconsistent estate basis.’’. (2) I
NCONSISTENT BASIS REPORTING .—Sec-
tion 6662 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(k) I
NCONSISTENT ESTATE BASIS REPORT -
ING.—For purposes of this section, there is an 
‘inconsistent estate basis’ if the basis of property (determined without regard to ad-justments to basis during the period the property was held by the taxpayer) claimed on a return exceeds the basis as determined under section 1014(f).’’. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall apply to re-turns filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 52102. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASS-
PORT IN CASE OF CERTAIN UNPAID TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter D of chapter 
75 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7345. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASS-
PORT IN CASE OF CERTAIN TAX DE-LINQUENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary receives 
certification by the Commissioner of Inter-nal Revenue that any individual has a seri-ously delinquent tax debt in an amount in excess of $50,000, the Secretary shall trans-mit such certification to the Secretary of State for action with respect to denial, rev-ocation, or limitation of a passport pursuant to section 52102(d) of the Transportation Funding Act of 2015. 
‘‘(b) S
ERIOUSLY DELINQUENT TAXDEBT.— 
For purposes of this section, the term ‘seri-ously delinquent tax debt’ means an out-standing debt under this title for which a no-tice of lien has been filed in public records pursuant to section 6323 or a notice of levy has been filed pursuant to section 6331, ex-cept that such term does not include— 
‘‘(1) a debt that is being paid in a timely 
manner pursuant to an agreement under sec-tion 6159 or 7122, and 
‘‘(2) a debt with respect to which collection 
is suspended because a collection due process hearing under section 6330, or relief under subsection (b), (c), or (f) of section 6015, is re-quested or pending. 
‘‘(c) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the 
case of a calendar year beginning after 2016, the dollar amount in subsection (a) shall be increased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(1) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(2) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subpara-graph (B) thereof. If any amount as adjusted under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $1,000.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for subchapter D of chapter 75 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 7345. Revocation or denial of passport 
in case of certain tax delin-quencies.’’. 
(c) A
UTHORITY FOR INFORMATION SHARING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (l) of section 
6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(23) D
ISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION  
TO DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PURPOSES OF  
PASSPORT REVOCATION UNDER SECTION 7345 .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, 
upon receiving a certification described in section 7345, disclose to the Secretary of State return information with respect to a taxpayer who has a seriously delinquent tax debt described in such section. Such return information shall be limited to— 
‘‘(i) the taxpayer identity information with 
respect to such taxpayer, and 
‘‘(ii) the amount of such seriously delin-
quent tax debt. 
‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTION ON DISCLOSURE .—Return 
information disclosed under subparagraph (A) may be used by officers and employees of the Department of State for the purposes of, and to the extent necessary in, carrying out the requirements of section 52102(d) of the Transportation Funding Act of 2015.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph 
(4) of section 6103(p) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘or (22)’’ each place it appears in subparagraph (F)(ii) and in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘(22), or (23)’’. 
(d) A
UTHORITY TO DENY OR REVOKE PASS-
PORT .— 
(1) D ENIAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), upon receiving a certifi-cation described in section 7345 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 from the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of State shall not issue a passport to any individual who has a seriously delinquent tax debt described in such section. 
(B) E
MERGENCY AND HUMANITARIAN SITUA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), 
the Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emergency circumstances or for humani-tarian reasons, to an individual described in such subparagraph. 
(2) R
EVOCATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
may revoke a passport previously issued to any individual described in paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—If the Secretary of State decides to 
revoke a passport under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— 
(i) limit a previously issued passport only 
for return travel to the United States; or 
(ii) issue a limited passport that only per-
mits return travel to the United States. 
(3) H
OLD HARMLESS .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury and the Secretary of State shall not be liable to an individual for any action with respect to a certification by the Com-missioner of Internal Revenue under section 7345 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(e) R
EVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORT IN  
CASE OF INDIVIDUAL WITHOUT SOCIAL SECU-
RITY ACCOUNT NUMBER .— (1) D ENIAL .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
subparagraph (B), upon receiving an applica-tion for a passport from an individual that either— 
(i) does not include the social security ac-
count number issued to that individual, or 
(ii) includes an incorrect or invalid social 
security number willfully, intentionally, negligently, or recklessly provided by such individual, the Secretary of State is authorized to deny such application and is authorized to not issue a passport to the individual. 
(B) E
MERGENCY AND HUMANITARIAN SITUA -
TIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), 
the Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emergency circumstances or for humani-tarian reasons, to an individual described in subparagraph (A). 
(2) R
EVOCATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State 
may revoke a passport previously issued to any individual described in paragraph (1)(A). 
(B) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—If the Secretary of State decides to 
revoke a passport under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— 
(i) limit a previously issued passport only 
for return travel to the United States; or 
(ii) issue a limited passport that only per-
mits return travel to the United States. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The provisions of, 
and amendments made by, this section shall take effect on January 1, 2016. 
SEC. 52103. CLARIFICATION OF 6-YEAR STATUTE 
OF LIMITATIONS IN CASE OF OVER-STATEMENT OF BASIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (B) of sec-
tion 6501(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(i), by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and by inserting after clause (i) the following new clause: 
‘‘(ii) An understatement of gross income by 
reason of an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis is an omission from gross income; and’’, 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(other than in the case of 
an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis)’’ in clause (iii) (as so redesig-nated) after ‘‘In determining the amount omitted from gross income’’, and 
(3) by inserting ‘‘
AMOUNT OMITTED FROM ’’ 
after ‘‘D ETERMINATION OF ’’ in the heading 
thereof. 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to— 
(1) returns filed after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, and 
(2) returns filed on or before such date if 
the period specified in section 6501 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (determined without regard to such amendments) for as-sessment of the taxes with respect to which such return relates has not expired as of such date. 
SEC. 52104. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON RE-
TURNS RELATING TO MORTGAGE IN-TEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 
6050H(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (C), by redesignating subpara-graph (D) as subparagraph (G), and by insert-ing after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(D) the amount of outstanding principal 
on the mortgage as of the beginning of such calendar year, 
‘‘(E) the address of the property securing 
such mortgage, 
‘‘(F) the date of the origination of such 
mortgage, and’’. 
(b) P
AYEE STATEMENTS .—Subsection (d) of 
section 6050H of the Internal Revenue Code 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6027 July 27, 2015 
of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end of paragraph (1), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) the information required to be in-
cluded on the return under subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F) of subsection (b)(2).’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to returns and statements the due date for which (de-termined without regard to extensions) is after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 52105. RETURN DUE DATE MODIFICATIONS. 
(a) N EWDUEDATE FOR PARTNERSHIP FORM 
1065, S C ORPORATION FORM 1120S, ANDC COR-
PORATION FORM1120.— 
(1) P ARTNERSHIPS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 6072 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) R
ETURNS OF PARTNERSHIPS .—Returns 
of partnerships under section 6031 made on the basis of the calendar year shall be filed on or before the 15th day of March following the close of the calendar year, and such re-turns made on the basis of a fiscal year shall be filed on or before the 15th day of the third month following the close of the fiscal year.’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
6072(a) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘6017, or 6031’’ and inserting ‘‘or 6017’’. 
(2) S 
CORPORATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—So much of subsection (b) 
of section 6072 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as precedes the second sentence there-of is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) R
ETURNS OF CERTAIN CORPORATIONS .— 
Returns of S corporations under sections 6012 and 6037 made on the basis of the calendar year shall be filed on or before the 31st day of March following the close of the calendar year, and such returns made on the basis of a fiscal year shall be filed on or before the last day of the third month following the close of the fiscal year.’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(i) Section 1362(b) of such Code is amend-
ed— 
(I) by striking ‘‘15th’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘last’’, 
(II) by striking ‘‘21⁄2’’ each place it appears 
in the headings and the text and inserting ‘‘3’’, and 
(III) by striking ‘‘2 months and 15 days’’ in 
paragraph (4) and inserting ‘‘3 months’’. 
(ii) Section 1362(d)(1)(C)(i) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘15th’’ and inserting ‘‘last’’. 
(iii) Section 1362(d)(1)(C)(ii) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘such 15th day’’ and in-serting ‘‘the last day of the 3d month there-of’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO C  
CORPORATIONS .— 
(A) Section 170(a)(2)(B) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘third month’’ and in-serting ‘‘4th month’’. 
(B) Section 563 of such Code is amended by 
striking ‘‘third month’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘4th month’’. 
(C) Section 1354(d)(1)(B)(i) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘3d month’’ and insert-ing ‘‘4th month’’. 
(D) Subsection (a) and (c) of section 6167 of 
such Code are each amended by striking ‘‘third month’’ and inserting ‘‘4th month’’. 
(E) Section 6425(a)(1) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘third month’’ and in-serting ‘‘4th month’’. 
(F) Section 6655 of such Code is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘3rd month’’ each place it 
appears in subsections (b)(2)(A), (g)(3), and (h)(1) and inserting ‘‘4th month’’, and 
(ii) in subsection (g)(4), by redesignating 
subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F) and by inserting after subparagraph (D) the fol-
lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) Subsection (b)(2)(A) shall be applied 
by substituting ‘the last day of the 3rd month’ for ‘the 15th day of the 4th month’.’’. 
(4) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this paragraph, the amendments made by this subsection shall apply to re-turns for taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2015. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  
S CORPORATIONS .—The amendments made by 
paragraph (2)(B) shall apply with respect to elections for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
(C) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  
C CORPORATIONS .—The amendments made by 
paragraph (3) shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2015. 
(5) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN C CORPORA -
TION IN 2025 .—In the case of a taxable year of 
a C Corporation ending on June 30, 2025, sec-tion 6072(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘third month’’ for ‘‘fourth month’’. 
(b) M
ODIFICATION OF DUEDATES BY REGU-
LATION .—In the case of returns for any tax-
able period beginning after December 31, 2015, the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate shall modify appro-priate regulations to provide as follows: 
(1) The maximum extension for the returns 
of partnerships filing Form 1065 shall be a 6- month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any ex-tensions). 
(2) The maximum extension for the returns 
of trusts and estates filing Form 1041 shall be a 5
1⁄2-month period beginning on the due date 
for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
(3) The maximum extension for the returns 
of employee benefit plans filing Form 5500 shall be an automatic 3
1⁄2-month period be-
ginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
(4) The maximum extension for the Forms 
990 (series) returns of organizations exempt 
from income tax shall be an automatic 6- month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any ex-tensions). 
(5) The maximum extension for the returns 
of organizations exempt from income tax that are required to file Form 4720 returns of excise taxes shall be an automatic 6-month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any exten-sions). 
(6) The maximum extension for the returns 
of trusts required to file Form 5227 shall be an automatic 6-month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
(7) The maximum extension for filing Form 
6069, Return of Excise Tax on Excess Con-tributions to Black Lung Benefit Trust Under Section 4953 and Computation of Sec-tion 192 Deduction, shall be an automatic 6- month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any ex-tensions). 
(8) The maximum extension for a taxpayer 
required to file Form 8870 shall be an auto-matic 6-month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
(9) The due date of Form 3520–A, Annual In-
formation Return of a Foreign Trust with a United States Owner, shall be the 15th day of the 3rd month after the close of the trust’s taxable year, and the maximum extension shall be a 6-month period beginning on such day. 
(10) The due date of FinCEN Form 114 (re-
lating to Report of Foreign Bank and Finan-cial Accounts) shall be April 15 with a max-imum extension for a 6-month period ending 
on October 15, and with provision for an ex-tension under rules similar to the rules of 26 C.F.R. 1.6081–5. For any taxpayer required to file such form for the first time, the Sec-retary of the Treasury may waive any pen-alty for failure to timely request or file an extension. 
(11) Taxpayers filing Form 3520, Annual Re-
turn to Report Transactions with Foreign Trusts and Receipt of Certain Foreign Gifts, shall be allowed to extend the time for filing such form separately from the income tax re-turn of the taxpayer, for an automatic 6- month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any ex-tensions). 
(c) C
ORPORATIONS PERMITTED STATUTORY  
AUTOMATIC 6-MONTH EXTENSION OF INCOME  
TAXRETURNS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6081(b) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘3 months’’ and inserting ‘‘6 months’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall apply to re-turns for taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2015. 
(3) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN C CORPORA -
TIONS IN 2024 .—In the case of any taxable year 
of a C corporation ending on December 31, 2024, subsections (a) and (b) of section 6081 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall each be applied to returns of income taxes under subtitle A by substituting ‘‘5 months’’ for ‘‘6 months’’. 
SEC. 52106. REFORM OF RULES RELATING TO 
QUALIFIED TAX COLLECTION CON-TRACTS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TO COLLECT CERTAIN INAC-
TIVE TAXRECEIVABLES UNDER QUALIFIED TAX 
COLLECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 6306 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (d) through (g), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: 
‘‘(c) C
OLLECTION OF INACTIVE TAXRECEIV -
ABLES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary shall enter into one or more qualified tax collec-tion contracts for the collection of all out-standing inactive tax receivables. 
‘‘(2) I
NACTIVE TAX RECEIVABLES .—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘inactive tax 
receivable’ means any tax receivable if— 
‘‘(i) at any time after assessment, the In-
ternal Revenue Service removes such receiv-able from the active inventory for lack of re-sources or inability to locate the taxpayer, 
‘‘(ii) more than 
1⁄3of the period of the ap-
plicable statute of limitation has lapsed and such receivable has not been assigned for col-lection to any employee of the Internal Rev-enue Service, or 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a receivable which has 
been assigned for collection, more than 365 days have passed without interaction with the taxpayer or a third party for purposes of furthering the collection of such receivable. 
‘‘(B) T
AX RECEIVABLE .—The term ‘tax re-
ceivable’ means any outstanding assessment which the Internal Revenue Service includes in potentially collectible inventory.’’. 
(b) C
ERTAIN TAXRECEIVABLES NOTELIGI-
BLE FOR COLLECTION UNDER QUALIFIED TAX 
COLLECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 6306 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by subsection (a), is amended by redesig-nating subsections (d) through (g) as sub-sections (e) through (h), respectively, and by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(d) C
ERTAIN TAXRECEIVABLES NOTELIGI-
BLE FOR COLLECTION UNDER QUALIFIED TAX 
COLLECTIONS CONTRACTS .—A tax receivable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6028 July 27, 2015 
shall not be eligible for collection pursuant 
to a qualified tax collection contract if such receivable— 
‘‘(1) is subject to a pending or active offer- 
in-compromise or installment agreement, 
‘‘(2) is classified as an innocent spouse 
case, 
‘‘(3) involves a taxpayer identified by the 
Secretary as being— 
‘‘(A) deceased, ‘‘(B) under the age of 18, ‘‘(C) in a designated combat zone, or ‘‘(D) a victim of tax-related identity theft, ‘‘(4) is currently under examination, litiga-
tion, criminal investigation, or levy, or 
‘‘(5) is currently subject to a proper exer-
cise of a right of appeal under this title.’’. 
(c) C
ONTRACTING PRIORITY .—Section 6306 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amend-ed by the preceding provisions of this sec-
tion, is amended by redesignating subsection (h) as subsection (i) and by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) C
ONTRACTING PRIORITY .—In con-
tracting for the services of any person under this section, the Secretary shall utilize pri-vate collection contractors and debt collec-tion centers on the schedule required under section 3711(g) of title 31, United States Code, including the technology and commu-nications infrastructure established therein, to the extent such private collection con-tractors and debt collection centers are ap-propriate to carry out the purposes of this section.’’. 
(d) D
ISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION .— 
Section 6103(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(11) Q
UALIFIED TAX COLLECTION CONTRAC -
TORS .—Persons providing services pursuant 
to a qualified tax collection contract under section 6306 may, if speaking to a person who has identified himself or herself as having the name of the taxpayer to which a tax re-ceivable (within the meaning of such sec-tion) relates, identify themselves as contrac-tors of the Internal Revenue Service and dis-close the business name of the contractor, and the nature, subject, and reason for the contact. Disclosures under this paragraph shall be made only in such situations and under such conditions as have been approved by the Secretary.’’. 
(e) T
AXPAYERS AFFECTED BY FEDERALLY  
DECLARED DISASTERS .—Section 6306 of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by the preceding provisions of this section, is amended by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (j) and by inserting after sub-section (h) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(i) T
AXPAYERS IN PRESIDENTIALLY DE-
CLARED DISASTER AREAS .—The Secretary 
may prescribe procedures under which a tax-payer determined to be affected by a Feder-ally declared disaster (as defined by section 165(i)(5)) may request— 
‘‘(1) relief from immediate collection meas-
ures by contractors under this section, and 
‘‘(2) a return of the inactive tax receivable 
to the inventory of the Internal Revenue Service to be collected by an employee thereof.’’. 
(f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6306 of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by the preceding provisions of this section, is amended by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (k) and by inserting after sub-section (i) the following new subsection: 
‘‘(j) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
90 days after the last day of each fiscal year (beginning with the first such fiscal year ending after the date of the enactment of this subsection), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report with re-spect to qualified tax collection contracts 
under this section which shall include— 
‘‘(1) annually, with respect to such fiscal 
year— 
‘‘(A) the total number and amount of tax 
receivables provided to each contractor for collection under this section, 
‘‘(B) the total amounts collected (and 
amounts of installment agreements entered into under subsection (b)(1)(B)) with respect to each contractor and the collection costs incurred (directly and indirectly) by the In-ternal Revenue Service with respect to such amounts, 
‘‘(C) the impact of such contracts on the 
total number and amount of unpaid assess-ments, and on the number and amount of as-sessments collected by Internal Revenue Service personnel after initial contact by a contractor, 
‘‘(D) the amount of fees retained by the 
Secretary under subsection (e) and a descrip-tion of the use of such funds, and 
‘‘(E) a disclosure safeguard report in a 
form similar to that required under section 6103(p)(5), and 
‘‘(2) biannually (beginning with the second 
report submitted under this subsection)— 
‘‘(A) an independent evaluation of con-
tractor performance, and 
‘‘(B) a measurement plan that includes a 
comparison of the best practices used by the private collectors to the collection tech-niques used by the Internal Revenue Service and mechanisms to identify and capture in-formation on successful collection tech-niques used by the contractors that could be adopted by the Internal Revenue Service.’’. 
(2) R
EPEAL OF EXISTING REPORTING REQUIRE -
MENTS WITH RESPECT TO QUALIFIED TAX COL -
LECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 881 of the 
American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 is amended by striking subsection (e). 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The amendments made by 
subsections (a) and (b) shall apply to tax re-ceivables identified by the Secretary after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(2) C
ONTRACTING PRIORITY .—The Secretary 
shall begin entering into contracts and agreements as described in the amendment made by subsection (c) within 3 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(3) D
ISCLOSURES .—The amendment made by 
subsection (d) shall apply to disclosures made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(4) P
ROCEDURES ; REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The 
amendments made by subsections (e) and (f) shall take effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 52107. SPECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 
6306 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as redesignated by section 52106, is amended by striking ‘‘for collection enforcement activi-ties of the Internal Revenue Service’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘to fund the spe-cial compliance personnel program account under section 6307’’. 
(b) S
PECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL PRO-
GRAM ACCOUNT .—Subchapter A of chapter 64 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6307. SPECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF A SPECIAL COMPLI -
ANCE PERSONNEL PROGRAM ACCOUNT .—The 
Secretary shall establish an account within the Department for carrying out a program consisting of the hiring, training, and em-ployment of special compliance personnel, and shall transfer to such account from time to time amounts retained by the Secretary under section 6306(e)(2). ‘‘(b) R
ESTRICTIONS .—The program described 
in subsection (a) shall be subject to the fol-lowing restrictions: 
‘‘(1) No funds shall be transferred to such 
account except as described in subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) No other funds from any other source 
shall be expended for special compliance per-sonnel employed under such program, and no funds from such account shall be expended for the hiring of any personnel other than special compliance personnel. 
‘‘(3) Notwithstanding any other authority, 
the Secretary is prohibited from spending funds out of such account for any purpose other than for costs under such program as-sociated with the employment of special compliance personnel and the retraining and reassignment of current noncollections per-sonnel as special compliance personnel, and to reimburse the Internal Revenue Service or other government agencies for the cost of ad-ministering qualified tax collection con-tracts under section 6306. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORTING .—Not later than March of 
each year, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall submit a report to the Com-mittees on Finance and Appropriations of the Senate and the Committees on Ways and Means and Appropriations of the House of Representatives consisting of the following: 
‘‘(1) For the preceding fiscal year, all funds 
received in the account established under subsection (a), administrative and program costs for the program described in such sub-section, the number of special compliance personnel hired and employed under the pro-gram, and the amount of revenue actually collected by such personnel. 
‘‘(2) For the current fiscal year, all actual 
and estimated funds received or to be re-ceived in the account, all actual and esti-mated administrative and program costs, the number of all actual and estimated special compliance personnel hired and employed under the program, and the actual and esti-mated revenue actually collected or to be collected by such personnel. 
‘‘(3) For the following fiscal year, an esti-
mate of all funds to be received in the ac-count, all estimated administrative and pro-gram costs, the estimated number of special compliance personnel hired and employed under the program, and the estimated rev-enue to be collected by such personnel. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
‘‘(1) S PECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL .—The 
term ‘special compliance personnel’ means individuals employed by the Internal Rev-enue Service as field function collection offi-cers or in a similar position, or employed to collect taxes using the automated collection system or an equivalent replacement system. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM COSTS .—The term ‘program 
costs’ means— 
‘‘(A) total salaries (including locality pay 
and bonuses), benefits, and employment taxes for special compliance personnel em-ployed or trained under the program de-scribed in subsection (a), and 
‘‘(B) direct overhead costs, salaries, bene-
fits, and employment taxes relating to sup-port staff, rental payments, office equipment and furniture, travel, data processing serv-ices, vehicle costs, utilities, telecommuni-cations, postage, printing and reproduction, supplies and materials, lands and structures, insurance claims, and indemnities for special compliance personnel hired and employed under this section. 
For purposes of subparagraph (B), the cost of 
management and supervision of special com-pliance personnel shall be taken into ac-count as direct overhead costs to the extent such costs, when included in total program costs under this paragraph, do not represent more than 10 percent of such total costs.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6029 July 27, 2015 
(c) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for subchapter A of chapter 64 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6306 the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 6307. Special compliance personnel 
program account.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply to amounts collected and retained by the Sec-retary after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 52108. TRANSFERS OF EXCESS PENSION AS-
SETS TO RETIREE HEALTH AC-COUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 420(b)(4) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2025’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING ERISA A MENDMENTS .— 
(1) Sections 101(e)(3), 403(c)(1), and 
408(b)(13) of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1021(e)(3), 1103(c)(1), 1108(b)(13)) are each amended by striking ‘‘MAP-21’’ and inserting ‘‘DRIVE Act’’. 
(2) Section 408(b)(13) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 
1108(b)(13)) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2026’’. 
Subtitle B—Fees and Receipts 
SEC. 52201. EXTENSION OF DEPOSITS OF SECU-
RITY SERVICE FEES IN THE GEN-ERAL FUND. 
Section 44940(i)(4) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(K) $1,750,000,000 for each of fiscal years 
2024 and 2025.’’. 
SEC. 52202. ADJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION OF 
FEES FOR CERTAIN CUSTOMS SERV-ICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031 of the Con-
solidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c) is amended by add-
ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) A
DJUSTMENT OF FEES FOR INFLATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury shall adjust the fees established under subsection (a), and the limitations on such fees under paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (8), and (9) of subsection (b), on October 1, 2015, and annually thereafter, to reflect the percentage (if any) of the increase in the av-erage of the Consumer Price Index for the preceding 12-month period compared to the Consumer Price Index for fiscal year 2014. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CALCULATION OF AD -
JUSTMENT .—In adjusting under paragraph (1) 
the amount of the fees established under sub-section (a), and the limitations on such fees under paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (8), and (9) of subsection (b), the Secretary— 
‘‘(A) shall round the amount of any in-
crease in the Consumer Price Index to the nearest dollar; and 
‘‘(B) may ignore any such increase of less 
than 1 percent. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSUMER PRICE INDEX DEFINED .—For 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘Con-sumer Price Index’ means the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’. 
(b) D
EPOSITS INTOCUSTOMS USERFEEAC-
COUNT .—Section 13031(f) of the Consolidated 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘all fees collected under subsection (a)’’ and in-serting ‘‘the amount of fees collected under subsection (a) (determined without regard to any adjustment made under subsection (l))’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘fees collected’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘amount of fees collected’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘), each appropriation’’ and 
inserting ‘‘, and determined without regard to any adjustment made under subsection (l)), each appropriation’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
13031 of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c), as amended by subsections (a) and (b), is fur-ther amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(subject to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘following fees’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘(subject 
to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘(subject 
to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(C) in paragraph (5)(A), by inserting ‘‘(sub-
ject to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘(subject 
to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘in fees’’; 
(E) in paragraph (8)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or (l)’’ after 
‘‘subsection (a)(9)(B)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘(subject to 
adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘$3’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (9)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-
serting ‘‘and subject to adjustment under subsection (l)’’ after ‘‘Tariff Act of 1930’’; and 
(II) in clause (ii)(I), by inserting ‘‘(subject 
to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘bill of lading’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)(i), by inserting 
‘‘(subject to adjustment under subsection (l))’’ after ‘‘bill of lading’’. 
SEC. 52203. DIVIDENDS AND SURPLUS FUNDS OF 
RESERVE BANKS. 
Section 7(a)(1)(A) of the Federal Reserve 
Act (12 U.S.C. 289(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘6 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘6 percent (1.5 percent in the case of a stockholder hav-ing total consolidated assets of more than $1,000,000,000 (determined as of September 30 of the preceding fiscal year))’’. 
SEC. 52204. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE 
DRAWDOWN AND SALE. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary of En-ergy shall drawdown and sell from the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve— 
(A) the quantity of barrels of crude oil that 
the Secretary of Energy determines to be ap-propriate to maximize the financial return to United States taxpayers for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017; 
(B) 4,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2018; 
(C) 5,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2019; 
(D) 8,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2020; 
(E) 8,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2021; 
(F) 10,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2022; 
(G) 16,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2023; 
(H) 25,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2024; and 
(I) 25,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fis-
cal year 2025. 
(2) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE .—Amounts received from a sale under 
paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the gen-eral fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. (b) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—In any 1 fis-
cal year described in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary of Energy shall not drawdown and sell crude oil under this section in quantities that would result in a Strategic Petroleum Reserve that contains an inventory of petro-leum products representing fewer than 90 days of emergency reserves, based on the av-erage daily level of net imports of crude oil and petroleum products in the calendar year preceding that fiscal year. 
(c) I
NCREASE ; LIMITATION .— 
(1) I NCREASE .—The Secretary of Energy 
may increase the drawdown and sales under subparagraphs (A) through (I) of subsection (a)(1) as the Secretary of Energy determines to be appropriate to maximize the financial return to United States taxpayers. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Energy 
shall not drawdown or conduct sales of crude oil under this section after the date on which a total of $9,050,000,000 has been deposited in the general fund of the Treasury from sales authorized under this section. 
SEC. 52205. EXTENSION OF ENTERPRISE GUAR-
ANTEE FEE. 
Section 1327(f) of the Housing and Commu-
nity Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4547(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2025’’. 
Subtitle C—Outlays 
SEC. 52301. INTEREST ON OVERPAYMENT. 
Section 111 of the Federal Oil and Gas Roy-
alty Management Act of 1982 (30 U.S.C. 1721) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (h) and (i); (2) by redesignating subsections (j) through 
(l) as subsections (h) through (j), respec-tively; and 
(3) in subsection (h) (as so redesignated), 
by striking the fourth sentence. 
DIVISION F—MISCELLANEOUS 
TITLE LXI—FEDERAL PERMITTING 
IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 61001. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
(2) A
GENCY CERPO .—The term ‘‘agency 
CERPO’’ means the chief environmental re-view and permitting officer of an agency, as designated by the head of the agency under section 61002(b)(2)(A)(iii)(I). 
(3) A
UTHORIZATION .—The term ‘‘authoriza-
tion’’ means any license, permit, approval, finding, determination, or other administra-tive decision issued by an agency that is re-quired or authorized under Federal law in order to site, construct, reconstruct, or com-mence operations of a covered project, whether administered by a Federal or State agency. 
(4) C
OOPERATING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘co-
operating agency’’ means any agency with— 
(A) jurisdiction under Federal law; or (B) special expertise as described in section 
1501.6 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
(5) C
OUNCIL .—The term ‘‘Council’’ means 
the Federal Infrastructure Permitting Im-provement Steering Council established under section 61002(a). 
(6) C
OVERED PROJECT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘covered 
project’’ means any activity in the United States that requires authorization or envi-ronmental review by a Federal agency in-volving construction of infrastructure for re-newable or conventional energy production, electricity transmission, surface transpor-tation, aviation, ports and waterways, water resource projects, broadband, pipelines, man-ufacturing, or any other sector as deter-mined by a majority vote of the Council that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6030 July 27, 2015 
(i)(I) is subject to NEPA; 
(II) is likely to require a total investment 
of more than $200,000,000; and 
(III) does not qualify for abbreviated au-
thorization or environmental review proc-esses under any applicable law; or 
(ii) is subject to NEPA and the size and 
complexity of which, in the opinion of the Council, make the project likely to benefit from enhanced oversight and coordination, including a project likely to require— 
(I) authorization from or environmental re-
view involving more than 2 Federal agencies; or 
(II) the preparation of an environmental 
impact statement under NEPA. 
(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘covered 
project’’ does not include— 
(i) any project subject to section 139 of 
title 23, United States Code; or 
(ii) any project subject to section 2045 of 
the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348). 
(7) D
ASHBOARD .—The term ‘‘Dashboard’’ 
means the Permitting Dashboard required under section 61003(b). 
(8) E
NVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT .—The term 
‘‘environmental assessment’’ means a con-cise public document for which a Federal agency is responsible under section 1508.9 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations). 
(9) E
NVIRONMENTAL DOCUMENT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘environmental 
document’’ means an environmental assess-ment, finding of no significant impact, no-tice of intent, environmental impact state-ment, or record of decision. 
(B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘environmental 
document’’ includes— 
(i) any document that is a supplement to a 
document described in subparagraph (A); and 
(ii) a document prepared pursuant to a 
court order. 
(10) E NVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT .— 
The term ‘‘environmental impact state-ment’’ means the detailed written statement required under section 102(2)(C) of NEPA. 
(11) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—The term 
‘‘environmental review’’ means the agency procedures and processes for applying a cat-egorical exclusion or for preparing an envi-ronmental assessment, an environmental im-pact statement, or other document required under NEPA. 
(12) E
XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Ex-
ecutive Director’’ means the Executive Di-rector appointed by the President under sec-tion 61002(b)(1)(A). 
(13) F
ACILITATING AGENCY .—The term ‘‘fa-
cilitating agency’’ means the agency that re-ceives the initial notification from the project sponsor required under section 61003(a). 
(14) I
NVENTORY .—The term ‘‘inventory’’ 
means the inventory of covered projects es-tablished by the Executive Director under section 61002(c)(1)(A). 
(15) L
EAD AGENCY .—The term ‘‘lead agen-
cy’’ means the agency with principal respon-sibility for an environmental review of a covered project under NEPA and parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Reg-ulations (or successor regulations). 
(16) NEPA.—The term ‘‘NEPA’’ means the 
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
(17) P
ARTICIPATING AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘participating agency’’ means an agency participating in an environmental review or authorization for a covered project in ac-cordance with section 61003. 
(18) P
ROJECT SPONSOR .—The term ‘‘project 
sponsor’’ means an entity, including any pri-vate, public, or public-private entity, seek-ing an authorization for a covered project. SEC. 61002. FEDERAL PERMITTING IMPROVE-
MENT COUNCIL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the Federal Permitting Improvement Steer-ing Council. 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .— 
(1) C HAIR.—The Executive Director shall— 
(A) be appointed by the President; and (B) serve as Chair of the Council. (2) C
OUNCIL MEMBERS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .— 
(i) D ESIGNATION BY HEAD OF AGENCY .—Each 
individual listed in subparagraph (B) shall designate a member of the agency in which the individual serves to serve on the Council. 
(ii) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—A councilmember de-
scribed in clause (i) shall hold a position in the agency of deputy secretary (or the equiv-alent) or higher. 
(iii) S
UPPORT .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with guidance 
provided by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, each individual listed in subparagraph (B) shall designate 1 or more appropriate members of the agency in which the individual serves to serve as an agency CERPO. 
(II) R
EPORTING .—In carrying out the duties 
of the agency CERPO under this title, an agency CERPO shall report directly to a dep-uty secretary (or the equivalent) or higher. 
(B) H
EADS OF AGENCIES .—The individuals 
that shall each designate a councilmember under this subparagraph are as follows: 
(i) The Secretary of Agriculture. (ii) The Secretary of the Army. (iii) The Secretary of Commerce. (iv) The Secretary of the Interior. (v) The Secretary of Energy. (vi) The Secretary of Transportation. (vii) The Secretary of Defense. (viii) The Administrator of the Environ-
mental Protection Agency. 
(ix) The Chairman of the Federal Energy 
Regulatory Commission. 
(x) The Chairman of the Nuclear Regu-
latory Commission. 
(xi) The Secretary of Homeland Security. (xii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban 
Development. 
(xiii) The Chairman of the Advisory Coun-
cil on Historic Preservation. 
(xiv) Any other head of a Federal agency 
that the Executive Director may invite to participate as a member of the Council. 
(3) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS .—In addition to 
the members listed in paragraphs (1) and (2), the Chairman of the Council on Environ-mental Quality and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall also be members of the Council. 
(c) D
UTIES .— 
(1) E XECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
(A) I NVENTORY DEVELOPMENT .—The Execu-
tive Director, in consultation with the Coun-cil, shall— 
(i) not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, establish an inven-tory of covered projects that are pending the environmental review or authorization of the head of any Federal agency; 
(ii)(I) categorize the projects in the inven-
tory as appropriate, based on sector and project type; and 
(II) for each category, identify the types of 
environmental reviews and authorizations most commonly involved; and 
(iii) add a covered project to the inventory 
after receiving a notice described in section 61003(a)(1). 
(B) F
ACILITATING AGENCY DESIGNATION .— 
The Executive Director, in consultation with the Council, shall— 
(i) designate a facilitating agency for each 
category of covered projects described in subparagraph (A)(ii); and 
(ii) publish the list of designated facili-
tating agencies for each category of projects in the inventory on the Dashboard in an eas-
ily accessible format. 
(C) P
ERFORMANCE SCHEDULES .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Execu-tive Director, in consultation with the Coun-cil, shall develop recommended performance schedules, including intermediate and final completion dates, for environmental reviews and authorizations most commonly required for each category of covered projects de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii). 
(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(I) I N GENERAL .—The performance sched-
ules shall reflect employment of the use of the most efficient applicable processes. 
(II) L
IMIT.— 
(aa) I N GENERAL .—The final completion 
dates in any performance schedule for the completion of an environmental review or authorization under clause (i) shall not ex-ceed the average time to complete an envi-ronmental review or authorization for a project within that category. 
(bb) C
ALCULATION OF AVERAGE TIME .—The 
average time referred to in item (aa) shall be calculated on the basis of data from the pre-ceding 2 calendar years and shall run from the period beginning on the date on which the Executive Director must make a specific entry for the project on the Dashboard under section 61003(b)(2) (except that, for projects initiated before that duty takes effect, the period beginning on the date of filing of a completed application), and ending on the date of the issuance of a record of decision or other final agency action on the review or authorization. 
(cc) C
OMPLETION DATE .—Each performance 
schedule shall specify that any decision by an agency on an environmental review or au-thorization must be issued not later than 180 days after the date on which all information needed to complete the review or authoriza-tion (including any hearing that an agency holds on the matter) is in the possession of the agency. 
(iii) R
EVIEW AND REVISION .—Not later than 
2 years after the date on which the perform-ance schedules are established under this subparagraph, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Executive Director, in consultation with the Council, shall review and revise the performance schedules. 
(D) G
UIDANCE .—The Executive Director, in 
consultation with the Council, may rec-ommend to the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget or to the Council on En-vironmental Quality, as appropriate, that guidance be issued as necessary for agen-cies— 
(i) to carry out responsibilities under this 
title; and 
(ii) to effectuate the adoption by agencies 
of the best practices and recommendations of the Council described in paragraph (2). 
(2) C
OUNCIL .— 
(A) R ECOMMENDATIONS .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The Council shall make 
recommendations to the Executive Director with respect to the designations under para-graph (1)(B) and the performance schedules under paragraph (1)(C). 
(ii) U
PDATE .—The Council may update the 
recommendations described in clause (i). 
(B) B EST PRACTICES .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Council shall issue recommendations on the best practices for— 
(i) enhancing early stakeholder engage-
ment, including fully considering and, as ap-propriate, incorporating recommendations provided in public comments on any pro-posed covered project; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6031 July 27, 2015 
(ii) ensuring timely decisions regarding en-
vironmental reviews and authorizations, in-cluding through the development of perform-ance metrics; 
(iii) improving coordination between Fed-
eral and non-Federal governmental entities, including through the development of com-mon data standards and terminology across agencies; 
(iv) increasing transparency; (v) reducing information collection re-
quirements and other administrative bur-dens on agencies, project sponsors, and other interested parties; 
(vi) developing and making available to ap-
plicants appropriate geographic information systems and other tools; 
(vii) creating and distributing training ma-
terials useful to Federal, State, tribal, and local permitting officials; and 
(viii) addressing other aspects of infra-
structure permitting, as determined by the Council. 
(3) A
GENCY CERPOS .—An agency CERPO 
shall— 
(A) advise the respective agency 
councilmember on matters related to envi-ronmental reviews and authorizations; 
(B) provide technical support, when re-
quested to facilitate efficient and timely processes for environmental reviews and au-thorizations for covered projects under the jurisdictional responsibility of the agency, including supporting timely identification and resolution of potential disputes within the agency or between the agency and other Federal agencies; 
(C) analyze agency environmental review 
and authorization processes, policies, and au-thorities and make recommendations to the respective agency councilmember for ways to standardize, simplify, and improve the ef-ficiency of the processes, policies, and au-thorities, including by implementing guid-ance issued under paragraph (1)(D) and other best practices, including the use of informa-tion technology and geographic information system tools within the agency and across agencies, to the extent consistent with exist-ing law; and 
(D) review and develop training programs 
for agency staff that support and conduct en-vironmental reviews or authorizations. 
(d) A
DMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT .—The Direc-
tor of the Office of Management and Budget shall designate a Federal agency, other than an agency that carries out or provides sup-port for projects that are not covered projects, to provide administrative support for the Executive Director, and the des-ignated agency shall, as reasonably nec-essary, provide support and staff to enable the Executive Director to fulfill the duties of the Executive Director under this title. 
SEC. 61003. PERMITTING PROCESS IMPROVE-
MENT. 
(a) P ROJECT INITIATION AND DESIGNATION OF  
PARTICIPATING AGENCIES .— 
(1) N OTICE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A project sponsor of a 
covered project shall submit to the Execu-tive Director and the facilitating agency no-tice of the initiation of a proposed covered project. 
(B) D
EFAULT DESIGNATION .—If, at the time 
of submission of the notice under subpara-graph (A), the Executive Director has not designated a facilitating agency under sec-tion 61002(c)(1)(B) for the categories of projects noticed, the agency that receives the notice under subparagraph (A) shall be designated as the facilitating agency. 
(C) C
ONTENTS .—Each notice described in 
subparagraph (A) shall include— 
(i) a statement of the purposes and objec-
tives of the proposed project; 
(ii) a concise description, including the 
general location of the proposed project and a summary of geospatial information, if 
available, illustrating the project area and the locations, if any, of environmental, cul-tural, and historic resources; 
(iii) a statement regarding the technical 
and financial ability of the project sponsor to construct the proposed project; 
(iv) a statement of any Federal financing, 
environmental reviews, and authorizations anticipated to be required to complete the proposed project; and 
(v) an assessment that the proposed project 
meets the definition of a covered project under section 61001 and a statement of rea-sons supporting the assessment. 
(2) I
NVITATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days 
after the date on which the Executive Direc-tor must make a specific entry for the project on the Dashboard under subsection (b)(2)(A), the facilitating agency or lead agency, as applicable, shall— 
(i) identify all Federal and non-Federal 
agencies and governmental entities likely to have financing, environmental review, au-thorization, or other responsibilities with re-spect to the proposed project; and 
(ii) invite all Federal agencies identified 
under clause (i) to become a participating agency or a cooperating agency, as appro-priate, in the environmental review and au-thorization management process described in section 61005. 
(B) D
EADLINES .—Each invitation made 
under subparagraph (A) shall include a dead-line for a response to be submitted to the fa-cilitating or lead agency, as applicable. 
(3) P
ARTICIPATING AND COOPERATING AGEN -
CIES.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—An agency invited under 
paragraph (2) shall be designated as a par-ticipating or cooperating agency for a cov-ered project, unless the agency informs the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, in writing before the deadline under paragraph (2)(B) that the agency— 
(i) has no jurisdiction or authority with re-
spect to the proposed project; or 
(ii) does not intend to exercise authority 
related to, or submit comments on, the pro-posed project. 
(B) C
HANGED CIRCUMSTANCES .—On request 
and a showing of changed circumstances, the Executive Director may designate an agency that has opted out under subparagraph (A)(ii) to be a participating or cooperating agency, as appropriate. 
(4) E
FFECT OF DESIGNATION .—The designa-
tion described in paragraph (3) shall not— 
(A) give the participating agency authority 
or jurisdiction over the covered project; or 
(B) expand any jurisdiction or authority a 
cooperating agency may have over the pro-posed project. 
(5) L
EAD AGENCY DESIGNATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On establishment of the 
lead agency, the lead agency shall assume the responsibilities of the facilitating agency under this title. 
(B) R
EDESIGNATION OF FACILITATING AGEN -
CY.—If the lead agency assumes the respon-
sibilities of the facilitating agency under subparagraph (A), the facilitating agency may be designated as a cooperative or par-ticipating agency. 
(6) C
HANGE OF FACILITATING OR LEAD AGEN -
CY.— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—On the request of a par-
ticipating agency or project sponsor, the Ex-ecutive Director may designate a different agency as the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, for a covered project, if the facili-tating or lead agency or the Executive Direc-tor receives new information regarding the scope or nature of a covered project that in-dicates that the project should be placed in a different category under section 61002(c)(1)(B). (B) R
ESOLUTION OF DISPUTE .—The Execu-
tive Director shall resolve any dispute over designation of a facilitating or lead agency for a particular covered project. 
(b) P
ERMITTING DASHBOARD .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT TO MAINTAIN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Executive Director, 
in coordination with the Administrator of General Services, shall maintain an online database to be known as the ‘‘Permitting Dashboard’’ to track the status of Federal environmental reviews and authorizations for any covered project in the inventory de-scribed in section 61002(c)(1)(A). 
(B) S
PECIFIC AND SEARCHABLE ENTRY .—The 
Dashboard shall include a specific and searchable entry for each covered project. 
(2) A
DDITIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .— 
(i) E XISTING PROJECTS .—Not later than 14 
days after the date on which the Executive Director adds a project to the inventory under section 61002(c)(1)(A), the Executive Director shall create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project. 
(ii) N
EW PROJECTS .—Not later than 14 days 
after the date on which the Executive Direc-tor receives a notice under subsection (a)(1), the Executive Director shall create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project, unless the Executive Director, facili-tating agency, or lead agency, as applicable, determines that the project is not a covered project. 
(B) E
XPLANATION .—If the facilitating agen-
cy or lead agency, as applicable, determines that the project is not a covered project, the project sponsor may submit a further expla-nation as to why the project is a covered project not later than 14 days after the date of the determination under subparagraph (A). 
(C) F
INAL DETERMINATION .—Not later than 
14 days after receiving an explanation de-scribed in subparagraph (B), the Executive Director shall— 
(i) make a final and conclusive determina-
tion as to whether the project is a covered project; and 
(ii) if the Executive Director determines 
that the project is a covered project, create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project. 
(3) P
OSTINGS BY AGENCIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—For each covered project 
added to the Dashboard under paragraph (2), the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, and each cooperating and participating agen-cy shall post to the Dashboard— 
(i) a hyperlink that directs to a website 
that contains, to the extent consistent with applicable law— 
(I) the notification submitted under sub-
section (a)(1); 
(II)(aa) where practicable, the application 
and supporting documents, if applicable, that have been submitted by a project spon-sor for any required environmental review or authorization; or 
(bb) a notice explaining how the public 
may obtain access to such documents; 
(III) a description of any Federal agency 
action taken or decision made that materi-ally affects the status of a covered project; 
(IV) any significant document that sup-
ports the action or decision described in sub-clause (III); and 
(V) a description of the status of any liti-
gation to which the agency is a party that is directly related to the project, including, if practicable, any judicial document made available on an electronic docket maintained by a Federal, State, or local court; and 
(ii) any document described in clause (i) 
that is not available by hyperlink on another website. 
(B) D
EADLINE .—The information described 
in subparagraph (A) shall be posted to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6032 July 27, 2015 
website made available by hyperlink on the 
Dashboard not later than 5 business days after the date on which the Federal agency receives the information. 
(4) P
OSTINGS BY THE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
The Executive Director shall publish to the Dashboard— 
(A) the permitting timetable established 
under subparagraph (A) or (C) of subsection (c)(2); 
(B) the status of the compliance of each 
agency with the permitting timetable; 
(C) any modifications of the permitting 
timetable; 
(D) an explanation of each modification de-
scribed in subparagraph (C); and 
(E) any memorandum of understanding es-
tablished under subsection (c)(3)(B). 
(c) C
OORDINATION AND TIMETABLES .— 
(1) C OORDINATED PROJECT PLAN .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date on which the Executive Direc-tor must make a specific entry for the project on the Dashboard under subsection (b)(2)(A), the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, in consultation with each coordi-nating and participating agency, shall estab-lish a concise plan for coordinating public and agency participation in, and completion of, any required Federal environmental re-view and authorization for the project. 
(B) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—The Coordi-
nated Project Plan shall include the fol-lowing information and be updated by the fa-cilitating or lead agency, as applicable, at least once per quarter: 
(i) A list of, and roles and responsibilities 
for, all entities with environmental review or authorization responsibility for the project. 
(ii) A permitting timetable, as described in 
paragraph (2), setting forth a comprehensive schedule of dates by which all environmental reviews and authorizations, and to the max-imum extent practicable, State permits, re-views and approvals must be made. 
(iii) A discussion of potential avoidance, 
minimization, and mitigation strategies, if required by applicable law and known. 
(iv) Plans and a schedule for public and 
tribal outreach and coordination, to the ex-tent required by applicable law. 
(C) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—The 
coordinated project plan described in sub-paragraph (A) may be incorporated into a memorandum of understanding. 
(2) P
ERMITTING TIMETABLE .— 
(A) E STABLISHMENT .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—As part of the coordina-
tion project plan under paragraph (1), the fa-cilitating or lead agency, as applicable, in consultation with each cooperating and par-ticipating agency, the project sponsor, and any State in which the project is located, shall establish a permitting timetable that includes intermediate and final completion dates for action by each participating agency on any Federal environmental review or au-thorization required for the project. 
(ii) C
ONSENSUS .—In establishing a permit-
ting timetable under clause (i), each agency shall, to the maximum extent practicable, make efforts to reach a consensus. 
(B) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In estab-
lishing the permitting timetable under sub-paragraph (A), the facilitating or lead agen-cy shall follow the performance schedules es-tablished under section 61002(c)(1)(C), but may vary the timetable based on relevant factors, including— 
(i) the size and complexity of the covered 
project; 
(ii) the resources available to each partici-
pating agency; 
(iii) the regional or national economic sig-
nificance of the project; (iv) the sensitivity of the natural or his-
toric resources that may be affected by the project; 
(v) the financing plan for the project; and (vi) the extent to which similar projects in 
geographic proximity to the project were re-cently subject to environmental review or similar procedures under State law. 
(C) D
ISPUTE RESOLUTION .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—The Executive Director, in 
consultation with appropriate agency CERPOs and the project sponsor, shall, as necessary, mediate any disputes regarding the permitting timetable established under subparagraph (A). 
(ii) D
ISPUTES .—If a dispute remains unre-
solved 30 days after the date on which the dispute was submitted to the Executive Di-rector, the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, in consultation with the Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality, shall facilitate a resolution of the dispute and direct the agencies party to the dispute to resolve the dispute by the end of the 60-day period beginning on the date of submission of the dispute to the Executive Director. 
(iii) F
INAL RESOLUTION .—Any action taken 
by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the resolution of a dispute under clause (ii) shall— 
(I) be final and conclusive; and (II) not be subject to judicial review. (D) M
ODIFICATION AFTER APPROVAL .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—The facilitating or lead 
agency, as applicable, may modify a permit-ting timetable established under subpara-graph (A) only if— 
(I) the facilitating or lead agency, as appli-
cable, and the affected cooperating agencies, after consultation with the participating agencies, agree to a different completion date; and 
(II) the facilitating agency or lead agency, 
as applicable, or the affected cooperating agency provides a written justification for the modification. 
(ii) C
OMPLETION DATE .—A completion date 
in the permitting timetable may not be modified within 30 days of the completion date. 
(E) C
ONSISTENCY WITH OTHER TIME PERI -
ODS.—A permitting timetable established 
under subparagraph (A) shall be consistent with any other relevant time periods estab-lished under Federal law and shall not pre-vent any cooperating or participating agency from discharging any obligation under Fed-eral law in connection with the project. 
(F) C
ONFORMING TO PERMITTING TIME -
TABLES .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Each Federal agency shall 
conform to the completion dates set forth in the permitting timetable established under subparagraph (A), or with any completion date modified under subparagraph (D). 
(ii) F
AILURE TO CONFORM .—If a Federal 
agency fails to conform with a completion date for agency action on a covered project or is at significant risk of failing to conform with such a completion date, the agency shall— 
(I) promptly submit to the Executive Di-
rector for publication on the Dashboard an explanation of the specific reasons for failing or significantly risking failing to conform to the completion date and a proposal for an al-ternative completion date; 
(II) in consultation with the facilitating or 
lead agency, as applicable, establish an al-ternative completion date; and 
(III) each month thereafter until the agen-
cy has taken final action on the delayed au-thorization or review, submit to the Execu-tive Director for posting on the Dashboard a status report describing any agency activity related to the project. 
(G) A
BANDONMENT OF COVERED PROJECT .— (i) I N GENERAL .—If the facilitating or lead 
agency, as applicable, has a reasonable basis to doubt the continuing technical or finan-cial ability of the project sponsor to con-struct the covered project, the facilitating or lead agency may request the project sponsor provide an updated statement regarding the ability of the project sponsor to complete the project. 
(ii) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the project 
sponsor fails to respond to a request de-scribed in clause (i) by the date that is 30 days after receiving the request, the lead or facilitating agency, as applicable, shall no-tify the Executive Director, who shall pub-lish an appropriate notice on the Dashboard. 
(iii) P
UBLICATION TO DASHBOARD .—On publi-
cation of a notice under clause (ii), the com-pletion dates in the permitting timetable shall be tolled and agencies shall be relieved of the obligation to comply with subpara-graph (F) until such time as the project sponsor submits to the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, an updated statement regarding the technical and financial ability of the project sponsor to construct the project. 
(3) C
OOPERATING STATE , LOCAL , OR TRIBAL  
GOVERNMENTS .— 
(A) S TATE AUTHORITY .—If the Federal envi-
ronmental review is being implemented within the boundaries of a State, the State, consistent with State law, may choose to participate in the environmental review and authorization process under this subsection and to make subject to the process all State agencies that— 
(i) have jurisdiction over the covered 
project; 
(ii) are required to conduct or issue a re-
view, analysis, opinion, or statement for the covered project; or 
(iii) are required to make a determination 
on issuing a permit, license, or other ap-proval or decision for the covered project. 
(B) C
OORDINATION .—To the maximum ex-
tent practicable under applicable law, the fa-cilitating or lead agency, as applicable, shall coordinate the Federal environmental review and authorization processes under this sub-section with any State, local, or tribal agen-cy responsible for conducting any separate review or authorization of the covered project to ensure timely and efficient com-pletion of environmental reviews and author-izations. 
(C) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Any coordination plan be-
tween the facilitating or lead agency, as ap-plicable, and any State, local, or tribal agen-cy shall, to the maximum extent practicable, be included in a memorandum of under-standing. 
(ii) S
UBMISSION TO EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— 
The facilitating or lead agency, as applica-ble, shall submit to the Executive Director each memorandum of understanding de-scribed in clause (i). 
(d) E
ARLY CONSULTATION .—The facilitating 
or lead agency, as applicable, shall provide an expeditious process for project sponsors to confer with each cooperating and partici-pating agency involved and, not later than 60 
days after the date on which the project sponsor submits a request under this sub-section, to have each such agency provide to the project sponsor information concerning— 
(1) the availability of information and 
tools, including pre-application toolkits, to facilitate early planning efforts; 
(2) key issues of concern to each agency 
and to the public; and 
(3) issues that must be addressed before an 
environmental review or authorization can be completed. 
(e) C
OOPERATING AGENCY .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6033 July 27, 2015 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A lead agency may des-
ignate a participating agency as a cooper-ating agency in accordance with part 1501 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations). 
(2) E
FFECT ON OTHER DESIGNATION .—The 
designation described in paragraph (1) shall not affect any designation under subsection (a)(3). 
(3) L
IMITATION ON DESIGNATION .—Any agen-
cy not designated as a participating agency under subsection (a)(3) shall not be des-ignated as a cooperating agency under para-graph (1). 
(f) R
EPORTING STATUS OF OTHER PROJECTS  
ONDASHBOARD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—On request of the Execu-
tive Director, the Secretary and the Sec-retary of the Army shall use best efforts to provide information for inclusion on the Dashboard on projects subject to section 139 of title 23, United States Code, and section 2045 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348) likely to require— 
(A) a total investment of more than 
$200,000,000; and 
(B) an environmental impact statement 
under NEPA. 
(2) E
FFECT OF INCLUSION ON DASHBOARD .— 
Inclusion on the Dashboard of information regarding projects subject to section 139 of title 23, United States Code, or section 2045 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348) shall not subject those projects to any requirements of this title. 
SEC. 61004. INTERSTATE COMPACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The consent of Congress 
is given for 3 or more contiguous States to enter into an interstate compact estab-lishing regional infrastructure development agencies to facilitate authorization and re-view of covered projects, under State law or in the exercise of delegated permitting au-thority described under section 61006, that will advance infrastructure development, production, and generation within the States that are parties to the compact. 
(b) R
EGIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—For the 
purpose of this title, a regional infrastruc-ture development agency referred to in sub-section (a) shall have the same authorities and responsibilities of a State agency. 
SEC. 61005. COORDINATION OF REQUIRED RE-
VIEWS. 
(a) C ONCURRENT REVIEWS .—To integrate en-
vironmental reviews and authorizations, each agency shall, to the maximum extent practicable— 
(1) carry out the obligations of the agency 
with respect to a covered project under any other applicable law concurrently, and in conjunction with, other environmental re-views and authorizations being conducted by other cooperating or participating agencies, including environmental reviews and author-izations required under NEPA, unless the agency determines that doing so would im-pair the ability of the agency to carry out the statutory obligations of the agency; and 
(2) formulate and implement administra-
tive, policy, and procedural mechanisms to enable the agency to ensure completion of the environmental review process in a time-ly, coordinated, and environmentally respon-sible manner. 
(b) A
DOPTION , INCORPORATION BY REF-
ERENCE , ANDUSE OF DOCUMENTS .— 
(1) S TATE ENVIRONMENTAL DOCUMENTS ; SUP-
PLEMENTAL DOCUMENTS .— 
(A) U SE OF EXISTING DOCUMENTS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—On the request of a project 
sponsor, a lead agency shall consider and, as appropriate, adopt or incorporate by ref-erence, the analysis and documentation that has been prepared for a covered project under State laws and procedures as the documenta-tion, or part of the documentation, required to complete an environmental review for the 
covered project, if the analysis and docu-mentation were, as determined by the lead agency in consultation with the Council on Environmental Quality, prepared under cir-cumstances that allowed for opportunities for public participation and consideration of alternatives and environmental con-sequences that are substantially equivalent to what would have been available had the documents and analysis been prepared by a Federal agency pursuant to NEPA. 
(ii) G
UIDANCE BY CEQ .—The Council on En-
vironmental Quality may issue guidance to carry out this subsection. 
(B) NEPA 
OBLIGATIONS .—An environmental 
document adopted under subparagraph (A) or a document that includes documentation in-corporated under subparagraph (A) may serve as the documentation required for an environmental review or a supplemental en-vironmental review required to be prepared by a lead agency under NEPA. 
(C) S
UPPLEMENTATION OF STATE DOCU -
MENTS .—If the lead agency adopts or incor-
porates analysis and documentation de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the lead agency shall prepare and publish a supplemental document if the lead agency determines that during the period after preparation of the analysis and documentation and before the adoption or incorporation— 
(i) a significant change has been made to 
the covered project that is relevant for pur-poses of environmental review of the project; or 
(ii) there has been a significant cir-
cumstance or new information has emerged that is relevant to the environmental review for the covered project. 
(D) C
OMMENTS .—If a lead agency prepares 
and publishes a supplemental document under subparagraph (C), the lead agency shall solicit comments from other agencies and the public on the supplemental docu-ment for a period of not more than 45 days, beginning on the date on which the supple-mental document is published, unless— 
(i) the lead agency, the project sponsor, 
and any cooperating agency agree to a longer deadline; or 
(ii) the lead agency extends the deadline 
for good cause. 
(E) N
OTICE OF OUTCOME OF ENVIRONMENTAL  
REVIEW .—A lead agency shall issue a record 
of decision or finding of no significant im-pact, as appropriate, based on the document adopted under subparagraph (A) and any sup-plemental document prepared under subpara-graph (C). 
(c) A
LTERNATIVES ANALYSIS .— 
(1) P ARTICIPATION .—As early as practicable 
during the environmental review, but not later than the commencement of scoping for a project requiring the preparation of an en-vironmental impact statement, the lead agency, in consultation with each cooper-ating agency, shall determine the range of reasonable alternatives to be considered for a covered project. 
(2) R
ANGE OF ALTERNATIVES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Following participation 
under paragraph (1) and subject to subpara-graph (B), the lead agency shall determine the range of reasonable alternatives for con-sideration in any document that the lead agency is responsible for preparing for the covered project. 
(B) A
LTERNATIVES REQUIRED BY LAW .—In 
determining the range of alternatives under subparagraph (A), the lead agency shall in-clude all alternatives required to be consid-ered by law. 
(3) M
ETHODOLOGIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall de-
termine, in collaboration with each cooper-ating agency at appropriate times during the environmental review, the methodologies to be used and the level of detail required in the 
analysis of each alternative for a covered project. 
(B) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW .—A cooper-
ating agency shall use the methodologies re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) when con-ducting any required environmental review, to the extent consistent with existing law. 
(4) P
REFERRED ALTERNATIVE .—With the 
concurrence of the cooperating agencies with jurisdiction under Federal law and at the discretion of the lead agency, the preferred alternative for a project, after being identi-fied, may be developed to a higher level of detail than other alternatives to facilitate the development of mitigation measures or concurrent compliance with other applicable laws if the lead agency determines that the development of the higher level of detail will not prevent— 
(A) the lead agency from making an impar-
tial decision as to whether to accept another alternative that is being considered in the environmental review; and 
(B) the public from commenting on the 
preferred and other alternatives. 
(d) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW COMMENTS .— 
(1) C OMMENTS ON DRAFT ENVIRONMENTAL IM -
PACT STATEMENT .—For comments by an 
agency or the public on a draft environ-
mental impact statement, the lead agency shall establish a comment period of not less than 45 days and not more than 60 days after the date on which a notice announcing avail-ability of the environmental impact state-ment is published in the Federal Register, unless— 
(A) the lead agency, the project sponsor, 
and any cooperating agency agree to a longer deadline; or 
(B) the lead agency, in consultation with 
each cooperating agency, extends the dead-line for good cause. 
(2) O
THER REVIEW AND COMMENT PERIODS .— 
For all other review or comment periods in the environmental review process described in parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regula-tions), the lead agency shall establish a com-ment period of not more than 45 days after the date on which the materials on which comment is requested are made available, unless— 
(A) the lead agency, the project sponsor, 
and any cooperating agency agree to a longer deadline; or 
(B) the lead agency extends the deadline 
for good cause. 
(e) I
SSUE IDENTIFICATION AND RESOLU -
TION.— 
(1) C OOPERATION .—The lead agency and 
each cooperating and participating agency shall work cooperatively in accordance with this section to identify and resolve issues that could delay completion of an environ-mental review or an authorization required for the project under applicable law or result in the denial of any approval under applica-ble law. 
(2) L
EAD AGENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The lead agency shall 
make information available to each cooper-ating and participating agency and project sponsor as early as practicable in the envi-ronmental review regarding the environ-mental, historic, and socioeconomic re-sources located within the project area and the general locations of the alternatives under consideration. 
(B) S
OURCES OF INFORMATION .—The infor-
mation described in subparagraph (A) may be based on existing data sources, including ge-ographic information systems mapping. 
(3) C
OOPERATING AND PARTICIPATING AGENCY  
RESPONSIBILITIES .—Each cooperating and 
participating agency shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6034 July 27, 2015 
(A) identify, as early as practicable, any 
issues of concern regarding any potential en-vironmental impacts of the covered project, including any issues that could substantially delay or prevent an agency from completing any environmental review or authorization required for the project; and 
(B) communicate any issues described in 
subparagraph (A) to the project sponsor. 
(f) C
ATEGORIES OF PROJECTS .—The authori-
ties granted under this section may be exer-cised for an individual covered project or a category of covered projects. 
SEC. 61006. DELEGATED STATE PERMITTING PRO-
GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—If a Federal statute per-
mits a Federal agency to delegate to or oth-erwise authorize a State to issue or other-wise administer a permit program in lieu of the Federal agency, the Federal agency with authority to carry out the statute shall— 
(1) on publication by the Council of best 
practices under section 61002(c)(2)(B), ini-tiate a national process, with public partici-pation, to determine whether and the extent to which any of the best practices are gen-erally applicable on a delegation- or author-ization-wide basis to permitting under the statute; and 
(2) not later than 2 years after the date of 
enactment of this Act, make model rec-ommendations for State modifications of the applicable permit program to reflect the best practices described in section 61002(c)(2)(B), as appropriate. 
(b) B
ESTPRACTICES .—Lead and cooperating 
agencies may share with State, tribal, and local authorities best practices involved in review of covered projects and invite input from State, tribal, and local authorities re-garding best practices. 
SEC. 61007. LITIGATION, JUDICIAL REVIEW, AND 
SAVINGS PROVISION. 
(a) L IMITATIONS ON CLAIMS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, a claim arising under Federal law seeking judicial review of any authorization issued by a Federal agency for a covered project shall be barred unless— 
(A) the action is filed not later than 2 
years after the date of publication in the Federal Register of the final record of deci-sion or approval or denial of a permit, unless a shorter time is specified in the Federal law under which judicial review is allowed; and 
(B) in the case of an action pertaining to 
an environmental review conducted under NEPA— 
(i) the action is filed by a party that sub-
mitted a comment during the environmental review or a party that lacked a reasonable opportunity to submit a comment; and 
(ii) a party filed a sufficiently detailed 
comment so as to put the lead agency on no-tice of the issue on which the party seeks ju-dicial review. 
(2) N
EW INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of a lead agency 
or participating agency shall consider new information received after the close of a comment period if the information satisfies the requirements under regulations imple-menting NEPA. 
(B) S
EPARATE ACTION .—If Federal law re-
quires the preparation of a supplemental en-vironmental impact statement or other sup-plemental environmental document, the preparation of such document shall be con-sidered a separate final agency action and the deadline for filing a claim for judicial re-view of the agency action shall be 2 years after the date on which a notice announcing the final agency action is published in the Federal Register, unless a shorter time is specified in the Federal law under which ju-dicial review is allowed. 
(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
subsection creates a right to judicial review or places any limit on filing a claim that a 
person has violated the terms of an author-ization. 
(b) P
RELIMINARY INJUNCTIVE RELIEF .—In 
addition to considering any other applicable equitable factors, in any action seeking a temporary restraining order or preliminary injunction against an agency or a project sponsor in connection with review or author-ization of a covered project, the court shall— 
(1) consider the effects on public health, 
safety, and the environment, the potential for significant job losses, and other economic harm resulting from an order or injunction; and 
(2) not presume that the harms described 
in paragraph (1) are reparable. 
(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Except as provided 
in subsection (a), nothing in this title affects the reviewability of any final Federal agency action in a court of competent jurisdiction. 
(d) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this 
title— 
(1) supersedes, amends, or modifies any 
Federal statute or affects the responsibility of any Federal officer to comply with or en-force any statute; or 
(2) creates a presumption that a covered 
project will be approved or favorably re-viewed by any agency. 
(e) L
IMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section 
preempts, limits, or interferes with— 
(1) any practice of seeking, considering, or 
responding to public comment; or 
(2) any power, jurisdiction, responsibility, 
or authority that a Federal, State, or local governmental agency, metropolitan planning organization, Indian tribe, or project sponsor has with respect to carrying out a project or any other provisions of law applicable to any project, plan, or program. 
SEC. 61008. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than April 15 of 
each year for 10 years beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Executive Di-rector shall submit to Congress a report de-tailing the progress accomplished under this title during the previous fiscal year. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-
section (a) shall assess the performance of each participating agency and lead agency based on the best practices described in sec-tion 61002(c)(2)(B). 
(c) O
PPORTUNITY TO INCLUDE COMMENTS .— 
Each councilmember, with input from the re-spective agency CERPO, shall have the op-portunity to include comments concerning the performance of the agency in the report described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 61009. FUNDING FOR GOVERNANCE, OVER-
SIGHT, AND PROCESSING OF ENVI-RONMENTAL REVIEWS AND PER-MITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The heads of agencies 
listed in section 61002(b)(2)(B), with the guid-ance of the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget and in consultation with the Executive Director, may, after public no-tice and opportunity for comment, issue reg-ulations establishing a fee structure for project proponents to reimburse the United States for reasonable costs incurred in con-ducting environmental reviews and author-izations for covered projects. 
(b) R
EASONABLE COSTS.—As used in this 
section, the term ‘‘reasonable costs’’ shall include costs to implement the requirements and authorities required under sections 61002 and 61003, including the costs to agencies and the costs of operating the Council. 
(c) F
EESTRUCTURE .—The fee structure es-
tablished under subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be developed in consultation with af-
fected project proponents, industries, and other stakeholders; 
(2) exclude parties for which the fee would 
impose an undue financial burden or is oth-erwise determined to be inappropriate; and (3) be established in a manner that ensures 
that the aggregate amount of fees collected for a fiscal year is estimated not to exceed 20 percent of the total estimated costs for the fiscal year for the resources allocated for the conduct of the environmental reviews and authorizations covered by this title, as de-termined by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
(d) E
NVIRONMENTAL REVIEW AND PERMIT -
TING IMPROVEMENT FUND.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—All amounts collected 
pursuant to this section shall be deposited into a separate fund in the Treasury of the United States to be known as the ‘‘Environ-mental Review Improvement Fund’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’). 
(2) A
VAILABILITY .—Amounts in the Fund 
shall be available to the Executive Director, without appropriation or fiscal year limita-tion, solely for the purposes of admin-istering, implementing, and enforcing this title, including the expenses of the Council. 
(3) T
RANSFER .—The Executive Director, 
with the approval of the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget, may trans-fer amounts in the Fund to other agencies to facilitate timely and efficient environmental reviews and authorizations for proposed cov-ered projects. 
(e) E
FFECT ON PERMITTING .—The regula-
tions adopted pursuant to subsection (a) shall ensure that the use of funds accepted under subsection (d) will not impact impar-tial decision-making with respect to envi-ronmental reviews or authorizations, either substantively or procedurally. 
(f) T
RANSFER OF APPROPRIATED FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The heads of agencies list-
ed in section 61002(b)(2)(B) shall have the au-thority to transfer, in accordance with sec-tion 1535 of title 31, United States Code, funds appropriated to those agencies and not otherwise obligated to other affected Federal agencies for the purpose of implementing the provisions of this title. 
(2) L
IMITATION .—Appropriations under title 
23, United States Code and appropriations for the civil works program of the Army Corps of Engineers shall not be available for trans-fer under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 61010. APPLICATION. 
This title applies to any covered project 
for which— 
(1) a notice is filed under section 
61003(a)(1); or 
(2) an application or other request for a 
Federal authorization is pending before a Federal agency 90 days after the date of en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 61011. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Con-gress a report that includes an analysis of whether the provisions of this title could be adapted to streamline the Federal permit-ting process for smaller projects that are not covered projects. 
TITLE LXII—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 62001. HIRE MORE HEROES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Hire More Heroes Act of 2015’’. 
(b) E MPLOYEES WITH HEALTH COVERAGE  
UNDER TRICARE OR THE VETERANS ADMINIS -
TRATION NOTTAKEN INTOACCOUNT IN DETER -
MINING EMPLOYERS TO WHICH THE EMPLOYER  
MANDATE APPLIES UNDER PATIENT PROTEC -
TION AND AFFORDABLE CARE ACT.—Section 
4980H(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(F) E
XEMPTION FOR HEALTH COVERAGE  
UNDER TRICARE OR THE VETERANS ADMINISTRA -
TION.—Solely for purposes of determining 
whether an employer is an applicable large employer under this paragraph for any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6035 July 27, 2015 
month, an individual shall not be taken into 
account as an employee for such month if such individual has medical coverage for such month under— 
‘‘(i) chapter 55 of title 10, United States 
Code, including coverage under the TRICARE program, or 
‘‘(ii) under a health care program under 
chapter 17 or 18 of title 38, United States Code, as determined by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (b) shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2013. 
DIVISION G—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
EXTENSION 
SEC. 70001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may cited as the ‘‘Surface 
Transportation Extension Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE LXXI—EXTENSION OF FEDERAL-AID 
HIGHWAY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 71001. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL-AID HIGH-
WAY PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1001 of the High-
way and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–159; 128 Stat. 1840; 129 Stat. 219) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘July 31, 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘
304⁄365’’ and inserting 
‘‘365⁄365’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘
304⁄365’’ and inserting 
‘‘365⁄365’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘by 
this subsection’’. 
(b) O BLIGATION CEILING .—Section 1102 of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note; Public Law 112– 141) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$33,528,284,932’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘$40,256,000,000’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(12)— (A) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘
304⁄365’’ and inserting 
‘‘365⁄365’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘
304⁄365’’ and inserting 
‘‘365⁄365’’; and 
(4) in subsection (f)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
(c) T
RIBAL HIGHPRIORITY PROJECTS PRO-
GRAM .—Section 1123(h)(1) of MAP-21 (23 
U.S.C. 202 note; Public Law 112–141) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$24,986,301’’ and inserting 
‘‘$30,000,000’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
SEC. 71002. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF CONTRACT AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 1002(a) of the Highway and 
Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–159; 128 Stat. 1842; 129 Stat. 220) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘$366,465,753’’ and inserting 
‘‘$440,000,000’’; and 
(2) by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
‘‘September 30, 2015’’. (b) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—Section 
1002(b)(2) of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–159; 128 Stat. 1842; 129 Stat. 220) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
TITLE LXXII—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF 
PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION PROGRAMS 
SEC. 72001. FORMULA GRANTS FOR RURAL 
AREAS. 
Section 5311(c)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘end-
ing before’’ and all that follows through ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘end-
ing before’’ and all that follows through ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 72002. APPORTIONMENT OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR FORMULA GRANTS. 
Section 5336(h)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘before October 1, 2014’’ and all that follows through ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘before October 1, 2015’’. 
SEC. 72003. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR PUBLIC 
TRANSPORTATION. 
(a) F ORMULA GRANTS .—Section 5338(a) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for fiscal 
year 2014’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2014, and $8,595,000,000 for fis-cal year 2015.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking 
‘‘$107,274,521 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$128,800,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘2013 
and 2014 and $8,328,767 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (C), by striking 
‘‘$3,713,505,753 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,458,650,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (D), by striking 
‘‘$215,132,055 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$258,300,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(E) in subparagraph (E)— (i) by striking ‘‘$506,222,466 for the period 
beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$607,800,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$24,986,301 for the period 
beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,000,000 for 
fiscal year 2015’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$16,657,534 for the period 
beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘2013 
and 2014 and $2,498,630 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(G) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘2013 
and 2014 and $4,164,384 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(H) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘2013 
and 2014 and $3,206,575 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(I) in subparagraph (I), by striking 
‘‘$1,803,927,671 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,165,900,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(J) in subparagraph (J), by striking 
‘‘$356,304,658 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$427,800,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; and (K) in subparagraph (K), by striking 
‘‘$438,009,863 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$525,900,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT DEMONSTRA -
TION AND DEPLOYMENT PROJECTS .—Section 
5338(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$58,301,370 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$70,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(c) T
RANSIT COOPERATIVE RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .—Section 5338(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$5,830,137 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STANDARDS  
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 5338(d) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$5,830,137 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(e) H
UMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING .—Sec-
tion 5338(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$4,164,384 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(f) C
APITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .—Section 
5338(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$1,558,295,890 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,907,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
(g) A
DMINISTRATION .—Section 5338(h) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$86,619,178 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$104,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2013 and 
2014 and not less than $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2013 and 
2014 and not less than $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’. 
SEC. 72004. BUS AND BUS FACILITIES FORMULA 
GRANTS. 
Section 5339(d)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘2013 and 2014 and $54,553,425 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and $1,041,096 for such pe-
riod’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘and $416,438 for such pe-
riod’’. 
TITLE LXXIII—EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY 
SAFETY PROGRAMS 
Subtitle A—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
SEC. 73101. EXTENSION OF NATIONAL HIGHWAY 
TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAMS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 
31101(a)(1)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $235,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (2) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .—Section 31101(a)(2)(C) of MAP–21 
(126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $113,500,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (3) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
Section 31101(a)(3)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $272,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (4) N
ATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER .—Section 
31101(a)(4)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6036 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(C) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. 
(5) H IGH VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PRO -
GRAM .— 
(A) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 31101(a)(5)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $29,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. (B) L
AW ENFORCEMENT CAMPAIGNS .—Section 
2009(a) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note) is amended— 
(i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘and 
2014 and in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘through 2015’’; and 
(ii) in the second sentence, by striking 
‘‘and 2014 and in the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2015’’. 
(6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31101(a)(6)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $25,500,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. 
(b) C
OOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.—Section 403(f)(1) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under subsection 402(c) in each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and $2,082,192 of the total amount available for apportionment to the States for highway safety programs under section 402(c) in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 402(c) in each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2015,’’. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23.—Section 
31101(c) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended 
by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
SEC. 73102. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-
RIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS .—Sec-
tion 31104(a)(10) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(10) $218,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31104(i)(1)(J) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(J) $259,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. 
(c) G
RANT PROGRAMS .— 
(1) C OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PROGRAM  
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—Section 4101(c)(1) of 
SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(2) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—Section 
4101(c)(2) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $26,652,055 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(3) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFOR -
MATION SYSTEM MANAGEMENT GRANT PRO -
GRAM .—Section 4101(c)(3) of SAFETEA–LU 
(119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(4) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4101(c)(4) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $20,821,918 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(5) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .— 
Section 4101(c)(5) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $2,498,630 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal 
years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(d) H
IGH-PRIORITY ACTIVITIES .—Section 
31104(k)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2006 through 2014 and up to $12,493,151 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2006 through 2015’’. 
(e) N
EW ENTRANT AUDITS .—Section 
31144(g)(5)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘per fiscal year and up to $26,652,055 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘per fiscal year’’. 
(f) O
UTREACH AND EDUCATION .—Section 
4127(e) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1741) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $3,331,507 to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
(g) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL  
MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134(c) 
of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2014 and $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2015’’. 
SEC. 73103. DINGELL-JOHNSON SPORT FISH RES-
TORATION ACT. 
Section 4 of the Dingell-Johnson Sport 
Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘each fiscal year through 2014 and for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year through 2015’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘for 
each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘for each fiscal year ending before Octo-ber 1, 2015’’. 
Subtitle B—Hazardous Materials 
SEC. 73201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5128(a)(3) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) $42,762,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’. 
(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS EMERGENCY  
PREPAREDNESS FUND.—Section 5128(b)(2) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2015 .—From the Hazardous 
Materials Emergency Preparedness Fund es-tablished under section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend during fiscal year 2015— 
‘‘(A) $188,000 to carry out section 5115; ‘‘(B) $21,800,000 to carry out subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 5116, of which not less than $13,650,000 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5116(b); 
‘‘(C) $150,000 to carry out section 5116(f); ‘‘(D) $625,000 to publish and distribute the 
Emergency Response Guidebook under sec-tion 5116(i)(3); and 
‘‘(E) $1,000,000 to carry out section 5116(j).’’. (c) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS TRAINING  
GRANTS .—Section 5128(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $3,331,507 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
TITLE LXXIV—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 74001. EXTENSION OF TRUST FUND EXPEND-
ITURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND.—Section 9503 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘August 1, 2015’’ in sub-
sections (b)(6)(B), (c)(1), and (e)(3) and insert-ing ‘‘October 1, 2015’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2015’’ in subsections (c)(1) and (e)(3) and inserting ‘‘Surface Transportation Extension Act of 2015’’. 
(b) S
PORT FISHRESTORATION AND BOATING  
TRUST FUND.—Section 9504 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2015’’ each place it ap-pears in subsection (b)(2) and inserting ‘‘Sur-face Transportation Extension Act of 2015’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘August 1, 2015’’ in sub-
section (d)(2) and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2015’’. 
(c) L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK 
TRUST FUND.—Paragraph (2) of section 
9508(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘August 1, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘October 1, 2015’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on Au-gust 1, 2015. 
DIVISION H—BUDGETARY EFFECTS 
SEC. 80001. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the 
purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go-Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. 
SEC. 80002. MAINTENANCE OF HIGHWAY TRUST 
FUND CASH BALANCE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) H IGHWAY ACCOUNT .—The term ‘‘Highway 
Account’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9503(e)(5)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(2) H
IGHWAY TRUST FUND .—The term ‘‘High-
way Trust Fund’’ means the Highway Trust Fund established by section 9503(a) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(3) M
ASS TRANSIT ACCOUNT .—The term 
‘‘Mass Transit Account’’ means the Mass Transit Account established by section 9503(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(b) R
ESTRICTION ON OBLIGATIONS .—If the 
Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Treasury, determines under the test or reevaluation described under sub-section (c) or (d) that the projected cash bal-ances of either the Highway Account or the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund will fall below the levels described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (c)(2) at any time during the fiscal year for which that determination applies, the Secretary shall not approve any obligation of funds au-thorized out of the Highway Account or the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund during that fiscal year. 
(c) C
ASHBALANCE TEST.—On July 15 prior 
to the beginning of each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall— 
(1) based on data available for the 
midsession review described under section 1106 of title 31, United States Code, estimate the projected cash balances of the Highway Account and the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund for the upcoming fiscal year; and 
(2) determine if those cash balances— (A) are projected to fall below the amount 
of $4,000,000,000 at any time during that up-coming fiscal year in the Highway Account of the Highway Trust Fund; or 
(B) are projected to fall below the amount 
of $1,000,000,000 at any time during that up-coming fiscal year in the Mass Transit Ac-count of the Highway Trust Fund. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6037 July 27, 2015 
(d) R EEVALUATION .—The Secretary shall 
conduct the test described under subsection (c) again during a respective fiscal year— 
(1) if a law is enacted that provides addi-
tional revenues, deposits, or transfers to the Highway Trust Fund; or 
(2) when the President submits to Congress 
under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, updated outlay estimates or 
revenue projections related to the Highway Trust Fund. 
(e) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 15 days 
after a determination is made under sub-section (c) or (d), the Secretary shall provide notification of the determination to— 
(1) the Committee on Environment and 
Public Works of the Senate; 
(2) the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives; 
(3) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs of the Senate; 
(4) the Committee on Commerce, Science, 
and Transportation of the Senate; and 
(5) State transportation departments and 
designated recipients. 
(f) E
XCEPTIONS .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (b), the Secretary shall approve obli-gations in every fiscal year for— 
(1) administrative expenses of the Federal 
Highway Administration, including any ad-ministrative expenses funded under— 
(A) section 104(a) of title 23, United States 
Code; 
(B) the tribal transportation program 
under section 202(a)(6), of title 23, United States Code; 
(C) the Federal lands transportation pro-
gram under section 203 of title 23, United States Code; and 
(D) chapter 6 of title 23, United States 
Code; 
(2) funds for the national highway perform-
ance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, that are exempt from the limitation on obligations; 
(3) the emergency relief program under 
section 125 of title 23, United States Code; 
(4) the administrative expenses of the Na-
tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion in carrying out chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code; 
(5) the highway safety programs under sec-
tion 402 of title 23, United States Code, and national priority safety programs under sec-tion 405 of title 23, United States Code; 
(6) the high visibility enforcement program 
under section 2009 of SAFETEA-LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note; Public Law 109–59); 
(7) the highway safety research and devel-
opment program under section 403 of title 23, United States Code; 
(8) the national driver register under chap-
ter 303 of title 49, United States Code; 
(9) the motor carrier safety assistance pro-
gram under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
(10) the administrative expenses of the 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-tion under section 31110 of title 49, United States Code; and 
(11) the administrative expenses of the 
Federal Transit Administration funded under section 5338(h) of title 49, United States Code, to carry out section 5329 of title 49, United States Code. 
SEC. 80003. PROHIBITION ON RESCISSIONS OF 
CERTAIN CONTRACT AUTHORITY. 
For purposes of the enforcement of a point 
of order established under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), the determination of levels under the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.) or the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 931 et seq.), and the enforcement of a point of order established under or the determination of levels under a concurrent resolution on the budget, the rescission of contract authority 
that is provided under this Act or an amend-ment made by this Act for fiscal year 2019, 2020, or 2021 shall not be counted. 
DIVISION I—EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF 
THE UNITED STATES 
SEC. 90001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Export- 
Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE XCI—TAXPAYER PROTECTION PRO-
VISIONS AND INCREASED ACCOUNT-ABILITY 
SEC. 91001. REDUCTION IN AUTHORIZED AMOUNT 
OF OUTSTANDING LOANS, GUARAN-TEES, AND INSURANCE. 
Section 6(a) of the Export-Import Bank 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e(a)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) A PPLICABLE AMOUNT DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘applicable amount’, for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019, means $135,000,000,000. 
‘‘(3) F
REEZING OF LENDING CAP IF DEFAULT  
RATE IS 2 PERCENT OR MORE .—If the rate cal-
culated under section 8(g)(1) is 2 percent or more for a quarter, the Bank may not exceed the amount of loans, guarantees, and insur-ance outstanding on the last day of that quarter until the rate calculated under sec-tion 8(g)(1) is less than 2 percent.’’. 
SEC. 91002. INCREASE IN LOSS RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVE REQUIREMENT .—The Bank 
shall build to and hold in reserve, to protect against future losses, an amount that is not less than 5 percent of the aggregate amount of disbursed and outstanding loans, guaran-tees, and insurance of the Bank.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 91003. REVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS. 
Section 17(b) of the Export-Import Bank 
Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a– 6(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS .—Not 
later than 4 years after the date of the enact-ment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and every 4 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— 
‘‘(1) review the adequacy of the design and 
effectiveness of the controls used by the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States to prevent, detect, and investigate fraudulent applications for loans and guarantees and the compliance by the Bank with the con-trols, including by auditing a sample of Bank transactions; and 
‘‘(2) submit a written report regarding the 
findings of the review and providing such recommendations with respect to the con-trols described in paragraph (1) as the Comp-troller General deems appropriate to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Financial Services 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 91004. OFFICE OF ETHICS. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) O
FFICE OF ETHICS .— ‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
an Office of Ethics within the Bank, which shall oversee all ethics issues within the Bank. 
‘‘(2) H
EAD OF OFFICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of the Office of 
Ethics shall be the Chief Ethics Officer, who shall report to the Board of Directors. 
‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthor-ization Act of 2015, the Chief Ethics Officer shall be— 
‘‘(i) appointed by the President of the Bank 
from among persons— 
‘‘(I) with a background in law who have ex-
perience in the fields of law and ethics; and 
‘‘(II) who are not serving in a position re-
quiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(ii) approved by the Board. ‘‘(C) D
ESIGNATED AGENCY ETHICS OFFICIAL .— 
The Chief Ethics Officer shall serve as the designated agency ethics official for the Bank pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.). 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Ethics has ju-
risdiction over all employees of, and ethics matters relating to, the Bank. With respect to employees of the Bank, the Office of Eth-ics shall— 
‘‘(A) recommend administrative actions to 
establish or enforce standards of official con-duct; 
‘‘(B) refer to the Office of the Inspector 
General of the Bank alleged violations of— 
‘‘(i) the standards of ethical conduct appli-
cable to employees of the Bank under parts 2635 and 6201 of title 5, Code of Federal Regu-lations; 
‘‘(ii) the standards of ethical conduct es-
tablished by the Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(iii) any other laws, rules, or regulations 
governing the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities that are applicable to employees of the Bank; 
‘‘(C) report to appropriate Federal or State 
authorities substantial evidence of a viola-tion of any law applicable to the perform-
ance of official duties that may have been disclosed to the Office of Ethics; and 
‘‘(D) render advisory opinions regarding 
the propriety of any current or proposed con-duct of an employee or contractor of the Bank, and issue general guidance on such matters as necessary.’’. 
SEC. 91005. CHIEF RISK OFFICER. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by section 91004, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) C
HIEF RISKOFFICER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be a Chief 
Risk Officer of the Bank, who shall— 
‘‘(A) oversee all issues relating to risk 
within the Bank; and 
‘‘(B) report to the President of the Bank. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015, the Chief Risk Officer shall be— 
‘‘(A) appointed by the President of the 
Bank from among persons— 
‘‘(i) with a demonstrated ability in the 
general management of, and knowledge of and extensive practical experience in, finan-cial risk evaluation practices in large gov-ernmental or business entities; and 
‘‘(ii) who are not serving in a position re-
quiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Risk Officer; and 
‘‘(B) approved by the Board. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Chief Risk 
Officer are— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6038 July 27, 2015 
‘‘(A) to be responsible for all matters re-
lated to managing and mitigating all risk to which the Bank is exposed, including the programs and operations of the Bank; 
‘‘(B) to establish policies and processes for 
risk oversight, the monitoring of manage-ment compliance with risk limits, and the management of risk exposures and risk con-trols across the Bank; 
‘‘(C) to be responsible for the planning and 
execution of all Bank risk management ac-tivities, including policies, reporting, and systems to achieve strategic risk objectives; 
‘‘(D) to develop an integrated risk manage-
ment program that includes identifying, prioritizing, measuring, monitoring, and managing internal control and operating risks and other identified risks; 
‘‘(E) to ensure that the process for risk as-
sessment and underwriting for individual transactions considers how each such trans-action considers the effect of the transaction on the concentration of exposure in the over-all portfolio of the Bank, taking into ac-count fees, collateralization, and historic de-fault rates; and 
‘‘(F) to review the adequacy of the use by 
the Bank of qualitative metrics to assess the risk of default under various scenarios.’’. 
SEC. 91006. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by sections 91004 and 91005, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(m) R
ISKMANAGEMENT COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
a management committee to be known as the ‘Risk Management Committee’. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the 
Risk Management Committee shall be the members of the Board of Directors, with the President and First Vice President of the Bank serving as ex officio members. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Risk Man-
agement Committee shall be— 
‘‘(A) to oversee, in conjunction with the 
Office of the Chief Financial Officer of the Bank— 
‘‘(i) periodic stress testing on the entire 
Bank portfolio, reflecting different market, industry, and macroeconomic scenarios, and consistent with common practices of com-mercial and multilateral development banks; and 
‘‘(ii) the monitoring of industry, geo-
graphic, and obligor exposure levels; and 
‘‘(B) to review all required reports on the 
default rate of the Bank before submission to Congress under section 8(g).’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF AUDIT COMMITTEE .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Direc-tors of the Export-Import Bank of the United 
States shall revise the bylaws of the Bank to terminate the Audit Committee established by section 7 of the bylaws. 
SEC. 91007. INDEPENDENT AUDIT OF BANK PORT-
FOLIO. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Inspector General of the 
Export-Import Bank of the United States shall conduct an audit or evaluation of the portfolio risk management procedures of the Bank, including a review of the implementa-tion by the Bank of the duties assigned to the Chief Risk Officer under section 3(l) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended by section 91005. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 3 years there-after, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a written report containing all findings and determinations made in car-rying out subsection (a). SEC. 91008. PILOT PROGRAM FOR REINSURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any pro-
vision of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635 et seq.), the Export-Import Bank of the United States (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) may establish a pilot program under which the Bank may enter into contracts and other arrangements to share risks associated with the provision of guarantees, insurance, or credit, or the participation in the extension of credit, by the Bank under that Act. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF RISK-SHAR-
ING.— 
(1) P ER CONTRACT OR OTHER ARRANGE -
MENT .—The aggregate amount of liability 
the Bank may transfer through risk-sharing pursuant to a contract or other arrangement entered into under subsection (a) may not exceed $1,000,000,000. 
(2) P
ER YEAR .—The aggregate amount of li-
ability the Bank may transfer through risk- sharing during a fiscal year pursuant to con-tracts or other arrangements entered into under subsection (a) during that fiscal year may not exceed $10,000,000,000. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2019, the Bank shall submit to Congress a written report that contains a detailed analysis of the use of the pilot program carried out under subsection (a) during the year pre-ceding the submission of the report. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to affect, im-pede, or revoke any authority of the Bank. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program car-
ried out under subsection (a) shall terminate on September 30, 2019. 
TITLE XCII—PROMOTION OF SMALL 
BUSINESS EXPORTS 
SEC. 92001. INCREASE IN SMALL BUSINESS LEND-
ING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(b)(1)(E)(v) of 
the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)(E)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
SEC. 92002. REPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL 
AND MEDIUM-SIZED BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) R
EPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL AND  
MEDIUM -SIZED BUSINESSES .—The Bank shall 
include in its annual report to Congress under subsection (a) a report on the pro-grams of the Bank for United States busi-nesses with less than $250,000,000 in annual sales.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to the report of the Export-Import Bank of the United States submitted to Con-gress under section 8 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) for the first year that begins after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
TITLE XCIII—MODERNIZATION OF 
OPERATIONS 
SEC. 93001. ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS AND DOCU-
MENTS. 
Section 2(b)(1) of the Export-Import Bank 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(M) Not later than 2 years after the date 
of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Bank shall implement policies— 
‘‘(i) to accept electronic documents with 
respect to transactions whenever possible, including copies of bills of lading, certifi-cations, and compliance documents, in such manner so as not to undermine any potential 
civil or criminal enforcement related to the transactions; and 
‘‘(ii) to accept electronic payments in all 
of its programs.’’. 
SEC. 93002. REAUTHORIZATION OF INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY UPDATING. 
Section 3(j) of the Export-Import Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘(I) the 
funds’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) the funds’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, 
and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’. 
TITLE XCIV—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 94001. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amended by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
(b) D
UAL-USEEXPORTS .—Section 1(c) of 
Public Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the author-ity of the Export-Import Bank of the United States expires under section 7 of the Export- Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f)’’. 
(c) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICA ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2(b)(9)(B)(iii) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(9)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the authority of the Bank expires under section 7’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. 
SEC. 94002. CERTAIN UPDATED LOAN TERMS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
(a) L OANTERMS FOR MEDIUM -TERMFINANC -
ING.—Section 2(a)(2)(A) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) with principal amounts of not more 
than $25,000,000; and’’. 
(b) C
OMPETITIVE OPPORTUNITIES RELATING  
TOINSURANCE .—Section 2(d)(2) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(c) E
XPORT AMOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS  
LOANS .—Section 3(g)(3) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(g)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL EF-
FECTS .—Section 11(a)(1)(A) of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635i– 5(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 or more’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘$25,000,000 (or, if less than $25,000,000, the threshold established pursuant to inter-national agreements, including the Common Approaches for Officially Supported Export Credits and Environmental and Social Due Diligence, as adopted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Council on June 28, 2012, and the risk-man-agement framework adopted by financial in-stitutions for determining, assessing, and managing environmental and social risk in projects (commonly referred to as the ‘Equa-tor Principles’)) or more’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year there-after. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6039 July 27, 2015 
TITLE XCV—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 95001. PROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION 
BASED ON INDUSTRY. 
Section 2 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (6 U.S.C. 635 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION BASED  
ONINDUSTRY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
this Act, the Bank may not— 
‘‘(A) deny an application for financing 
based solely on the industry, sector, or busi-ness that the application concerns; or 
‘‘(B) promulgate or implement policies 
that discriminate against an application based solely on the industry, sector, or busi-ness that the application concerns. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The prohibitions 
under paragraph (1) apply only to applica-tions for financing by the Bank for projects concerning the exploration, development, production, or export of energy sources and the generation or transmission of electrical power, or combined heat and power, regard-less of the energy source involved.’’. 
SEC. 95002. NEGOTIATIONS TO END EXPORT 
CREDIT FINANCING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11 of the Export- 
Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury (in this section referred to as the ‘Secretary’)’’ and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘(OECD)’’ and inserting ‘‘(in 
this section referred to as the ‘OECD’)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘ultimate goal of elimi-
nating’’ and inserting ‘‘possible goal of eliminating, before the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Sec-
retary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON STRATEGY .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reau-thorization Act of 2015, the President shall submit to Congress a proposal, and a strat-egy for achieving the proposal, that the United States Government will pursue with other major exporting countries, including OECD members and non-OECD members, to eliminate over a period of not more than 10 years subsidized export-financing programs, tied aid, export credits, and all other forms of government-supported export subsidies. 
‘‘(d) N
EGOTIATIONS WITHNON-OECD M EM-
BERS .—The President shall initiate and pur-
sue negotiations with countries that are not OECD members to bring those countries into a multilateral agreement establishing rules and limitations on officially supported ex-port credits. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON PROGRESS OF NE-
GOTIATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of the Export-Im-port Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and annually thereafter through cal-endar year 2019, the President shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the progress of any negotiations described in subsection (d).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall apply with respect to reports re-quired to be submitted under section 11(b) of the Export-Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5(b)) after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 95003. STUDY OF FINANCING FOR INFORMA-
TION AND COMMUNICATIONS TECH-NOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
(a) A NALYSIS OF INFORMATION AND COMMU -
NICATIONS TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY USE OF  
BANK PRODUCTS .—The Export-Import Bank 
of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) shall conduct a study of the extent to which the products offered by the Bank are available and used by compa-nies that export information and commu-nications technology services and related goods. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the study re-
quired by subsection (a), the Bank shall ex-amine the following: 
(1) The number of jobs in the United States 
that are supported by the export of informa-tion and communications technology serv-ices and related goods, and the degree to which access to financing will increase ex-ports of such services and related goods. 
(2) The reduction in the financing by the 
Bank of exports of information and commu-nications technology services from 2003 through 2014. 
(3) The activities of foreign export credit 
agencies to facilitate the export of informa-tion and communications technology serv-ices and related goods. 
(4) Specific proposals for how the Bank 
could provide additional financing for the ex-portation of information and communica-tions technology services and related goods through risk-sharing with other export cred-it agencies and other third parties. 
(5) Proposals for new products the Bank 
could offer to provide financing for exports of information and communications tech-nology services and related goods, includ-ing— 
(A) the extent to which the Bank is author-
ized to offer new products; 
(B) the extent to which the Bank would 
need additional authority to offer new prod-ucts to meet the needs of the information and communications technology industry; 
(C) specific proposals for changes in law 
that would enable the Bank to provide in-creased financing for exports of information and communications technology services and related goods in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank; 
(D) specific proposals that would enable 
the Bank to provide increased outreach to the information and communications tech-nology industry about the products the Bank offers; and 
(E) specific proposals for changes in law 
that would enable the Bank to provide the fi-nancing to build information and commu-nications technology infrastructure, in com-pliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank, to allow for market access oppor-tunities for United States information and communications technology companies to provide services on the infrastructure being financed by the Bank. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bank shall submit to Congress a report that contains the results of the study required by subsection (a). 
SA 2534. Mr. KIRK (for himself, Mr. 
GRAHAM , Mr. B LUNT , Ms. A YOTTE , Ms. 
HEITKAMP , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. C ASEY ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2421 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amend-
ment SA 2266 proposed by Mr. M CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-
count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end, add the following: 
DIVISION I—EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF 
THE UNITED STATES 
SEC. 90001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Export- 
Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
TITLE XCI—TAXPAYER PROTECTION PRO-
VISIONS AND INCREASED ACCOUNT-ABILITY 
SEC. 91001. REDUCTION IN AUTHORIZED AMOUNT 
OF OUTSTANDING LOANS, GUARAN-TEES, AND INSURANCE. 
Section 6(a) of the Export-Import Bank 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e(a)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) A PPLICABLE AMOUNT DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘applicable amount’, for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019, means $135,000,000,000. 
‘‘(3) F
REEZING OF LENDING CAP IF DEFAULT  
RATE IS 2 PERCENT OR MORE .—If the rate cal-
culated under section 8(g)(1) is 2 percent or more for a quarter, the Bank may not exceed the amount of loans, guarantees, and insur-ance outstanding on the last day of that quarter until the rate calculated under sec-tion 8(g)(1) is less than 2 percent.’’. 
SEC. 91002. INCREASE IN LOSS RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVE REQUIREMENT .—The Bank 
shall build to and hold in reserve, to protect against future losses, an amount that is not less than 5 percent of the aggregate amount of disbursed and outstanding loans, guaran-tees, and insurance of the Bank.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 91003. REVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS. 
Section 17(b) of the Export-Import Bank 
Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a– 6(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS .—Not 
later than 4 years after the date of the enact-ment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and every 4 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— 
‘‘(1) review the adequacy of the design and 
effectiveness of the controls used by the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States to prevent, detect, and investigate fraudulent applications for loans and guarantees and the compliance by the Bank with the con-trols, including by auditing a sample of Bank transactions; and 
‘‘(2) submit a written report regarding the 
findings of the review and providing such recommendations with respect to the con-trols described in paragraph (1) as the Comp-troller General deems appropriate to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and 
‘‘(B) the Committee on Financial Services 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.020 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6040 July 27, 2015 
SEC. 91004. OFFICE OF ETHICS. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) O
FFICE OF ETHICS .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
an Office of Ethics within the Bank, which shall oversee all ethics issues within the Bank. 
‘‘(2) H
EAD OF OFFICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of the Office of 
Ethics shall be the Chief Ethics Officer, who shall report to the Board of Directors. 
‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthor-ization Act of 2015, the Chief Ethics Officer shall be— 
‘‘(i) appointed by the President of the Bank 
from among persons— 
‘‘(I) with a background in law who have ex-
perience in the fields of law and ethics; and 
‘‘(II) who are not serving in a position re-
quiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(ii) approved by the Board. ‘‘(C) D
ESIGNATED AGENCY ETHICS OFFICIAL .— 
The Chief Ethics Officer shall serve as the designated agency ethics official for the Bank pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.). 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Ethics has ju-
risdiction over all employees of, and ethics matters relating to, the Bank. With respect 
to employees of the Bank, the Office of Eth-ics shall— 
‘‘(A) recommend administrative actions to 
establish or enforce standards of official con-duct; 
‘‘(B) refer to the Office of the Inspector 
General of the Bank alleged violations of— 
‘‘(i) the standards of ethical conduct appli-
cable to employees of the Bank under parts 2635 and 6201 of title 5, Code of Federal Regu-lations; 
‘‘(ii) the standards of ethical conduct es-
tablished by the Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(iii) any other laws, rules, or regulations 
governing the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities that are applicable to employees of the Bank; 
‘‘(C) report to appropriate Federal or State 
authorities substantial evidence of a viola-tion of any law applicable to the perform-ance of official duties that may have been disclosed to the Office of Ethics; and 
‘‘(D) render advisory opinions regarding 
the propriety of any current or proposed con-duct of an employee or contractor of the Bank, and issue general guidance on such matters as necessary.’’. 
SEC. 91005. CHIEF RISK OFFICER. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by section 91004, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) C
HIEF RISKOFFICER .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There shall be a Chief 
Risk Officer of the Bank, who shall— 
‘‘(A) oversee all issues relating to risk 
within the Bank; and 
‘‘(B) report to the President of the Bank. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015, the Chief Risk Officer shall be— 
‘‘(A) appointed by the President of the 
Bank from among persons— 
‘‘(i) with a demonstrated ability in the 
general management of, and knowledge of and extensive practical experience in, finan-cial risk evaluation practices in large gov-ernmental or business entities; and 
‘‘(ii) who are not serving in a position re-
quiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be 
Chief Risk Officer; and 
‘‘(B) approved by the Board. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Chief Risk 
Officer are— 
‘‘(A) to be responsible for all matters re-
lated to managing and mitigating all risk to which the Bank is exposed, including the programs and operations of the Bank; 
‘‘(B) to establish policies and processes for 
risk oversight, the monitoring of manage-ment compliance with risk limits, and the management of risk exposures and risk con-trols across the Bank; 
‘‘(C) to be responsible for the planning and 
execution of all Bank risk management ac-tivities, including policies, reporting, and systems to achieve strategic risk objectives; 
‘‘(D) to develop an integrated risk manage-
ment program that includes identifying, prioritizing, measuring, monitoring, and managing internal control and operating risks and other identified risks; 
‘‘(E) to ensure that the process for risk as-
sessment and underwriting for individual transactions considers how each such trans-action considers the effect of the transaction on the concentration of exposure in the over-all portfolio of the Bank, taking into ac-count fees, collateralization, and historic de-fault rates; and 
‘‘(F) to review the adequacy of the use by 
the Bank of qualitative metrics to assess the risk of default under various scenarios.’’. 
SEC. 91006. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by sections 91004 and 91005, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(m) R
ISKMANAGEMENT COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
a management committee to be known as the ‘Risk Management Committee’. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the 
Risk Management Committee shall be the members of the Board of Directors, with the President and First Vice President of the Bank serving as ex officio members. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Risk Man-
agement Committee shall be— 
‘‘(A) to oversee, in conjunction with the 
Office of the Chief Financial Officer of the Bank— 
‘‘(i) periodic stress testing on the entire 
Bank portfolio, reflecting different market, industry, and macroeconomic scenarios, and consistent with common practices of com-mercial and multilateral development banks; and 
‘‘(ii) the monitoring of industry, geo-
graphic, and obligor exposure levels; and 
‘‘(B) to review all required reports on the 
default rate of the Bank before submission to Congress under section 8(g).’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF AUDIT COMMITTEE .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Direc-tors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States shall revise the bylaws of the Bank to terminate the Audit Committee established by section 7 of the bylaws. 
SEC. 91007. INDEPENDENT AUDIT OF BANK PORT-
FOLIO. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Inspector General of the 
Export-Import Bank of the United States shall conduct an audit or evaluation of the portfolio risk management procedures of the Bank, including a review of the implementa-tion by the Bank of the duties assigned to the Chief Risk Officer under section 3(l) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended by section 91005. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 3 years there-after, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a written report containing all findings and determinations made in car-rying out subsection (a). 
SEC. 91008. PILOT PROGRAM FOR REINSURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any pro-
vision of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635 et seq.), the Export-Import Bank of the United States (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) may establish a pilot program under which the Bank may enter into contracts and other arrangements to share risks associated with the provision of guarantees, insurance, or credit, or the participation in the extension of credit, by the Bank under that Act. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF RISK-SHAR-
ING.— 
(1) P ER CONTRACT OR OTHER ARRANGE -
MENT .—The aggregate amount of liability 
the Bank may transfer through risk-sharing pursuant to a contract or other arrangement entered into under subsection (a) may not exceed $1,000,000,000. 
(2) P
ER YEAR .—The aggregate amount of li-
ability the Bank may transfer through risk- sharing during a fiscal year pursuant to con-tracts or other arrangements entered into under subsection (a) during that fiscal year may not exceed $10,000,000,000. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2019, the Bank shall submit to Congress a written report that contains a detailed analysis of the use of the pilot program carried out under subsection (a) during the year pre-ceding the submission of the report. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to affect, im-pede, or revoke any authority of the Bank. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program car-
ried out under subsection (a) shall terminate on September 30, 2019. 
TITLE XCII—PROMOTION OF SMALL 
BUSINESS EXPORTS 
SEC. 92001. INCREASE IN SMALL BUSINESS LEND-
ING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(b)(1)(E)(v) of 
the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)(E)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
SEC. 92002. REPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL 
AND MEDIUM-SIZED BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) R
EPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL AND  
MEDIUM -SIZED BUSINESSES .—The Bank shall 
include in its annual report to Congress under subsection (a) a report on the pro-grams of the Bank for United States busi-nesses with less than $250,000,000 in annual sales.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to the report of the Export-Import Bank of the United States submitted to Con-gress under section 8 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) for the first year that begins after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
TITLE XCIII—MODERNIZATION OF 
OPERATIONS 
SEC. 93001. ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS AND DOCU-
MENTS. 
Section 2(b)(1) of the Export-Import Bank 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(M) Not later than 2 years after the date 
of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.035 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6041 July 27, 2015 
Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the 
Bank shall implement policies— 
‘‘(i) to accept electronic documents with 
respect to transactions whenever possible, including copies of bills of lading, certifi-cations, and compliance documents, in such manner so as not to undermine any potential civil or criminal enforcement related to the transactions; and 
‘‘(ii) to accept electronic payments in all 
of its programs.’’. 
SEC. 93002. REAUTHORIZATION OF INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY UPDATING. 
Section 3(j) of the Export-Import Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘(I) the 
funds’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) the funds’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, 
and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’. 
TITLE XCIV—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 94001. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amended by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
(b) D
UAL-USEEXPORTS .—Section 1(c) of 
Public Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the author-ity of the Export-Import Bank of the United States expires under section 7 of the Export- Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f)’’. 
(c) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICA ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2(b)(9)(B)(iii) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(9)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the authority of the Bank expires under section 7’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the 
earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. 
SEC. 94002. CERTAIN UPDATED LOAN TERMS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
(a) L OANTERMS FOR MEDIUM -TERMFINANC -
ING.—Section 2(a)(2)(A) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) with principal amounts of not more 
than $25,000,000; and’’. 
(b) C
OMPETITIVE OPPORTUNITIES RELATING  
TOINSURANCE .—Section 2(d)(2) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(c) E
XPORT AMOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS  
LOANS .—Section 3(g)(3) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(g)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL EF-
FECTS .—Section 11(a)(1)(A) of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635i– 5(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 or more’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘$25,000,000 (or, if less than $25,000,000, the threshold established pursuant to inter-national agreements, including the Common Approaches for Officially Supported Export Credits and Environmental and Social Due Diligence, as adopted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Council on June 28, 2012, and the risk-man-agement framework adopted by financial in-stitutions for determining, assessing, and managing environmental and social risk in projects (commonly referred to as the ‘Equa-tor Principles’)) or more’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year there-
after. 
TITLE XCV—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 95001. PROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION 
BASED ON INDUSTRY. 
Section 2 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (6 U.S.C. 635 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION BASED  
ONINDUSTRY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
this Act, the Bank may not— 
‘‘(A) deny an application for financing 
based solely on the industry, sector, or busi-ness that the application concerns; or 
‘‘(B) promulgate or implement policies 
that discriminate against an application based solely on the industry, sector, or busi-ness that the application concerns. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The prohibitions 
under paragraph (1) apply only to applica-tions for financing by the Bank for projects concerning the exploration, development, production, or export of energy sources and the generation or transmission of electrical power, or combined heat and power, regard-less of the energy source involved.’’. 
SEC. 95002. NEGOTIATIONS TO END EXPORT 
CREDIT FINANCING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11 of the Export- 
Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury (in this section referred to as the ‘Secretary’)’’ and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘(OECD)’’ and inserting ‘‘(in 
this section referred to as the ‘OECD’)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘ultimate goal of elimi-
nating’’ and inserting ‘‘possible goal of eliminating, before the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Sec-
retary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON STRATEGY .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reau-thorization Act of 2015, the President shall submit to Congress a proposal, and a strat-egy for achieving the proposal, that the United States Government will pursue with other major exporting countries, including OECD members and non-OECD members, to eliminate over a period of not more than 10 years subsidized export-financing programs, tied aid, export credits, and all other forms of government-supported export subsidies. 
‘‘(d) N
EGOTIATIONS WITHNON-OECD M EM-
BERS .—The President shall initiate and pur-
sue negotiations with countries that are not OECD members to bring those countries into a multilateral agreement establishing rules and limitations on officially supported ex-port credits. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON PROGRESS OF NE-
GOTIATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of the Export-Im-port Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and annually thereafter through cal-endar year 2019, the President shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the progress of any negotiations described in subsection (d).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall apply with respect to reports re-quired to be submitted under section 11(b) of the Export-Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5(b)) after the date 
of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 95003. STUDY OF FINANCING FOR INFORMA-
TION AND COMMUNICATIONS TECH-NOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
(a) A NALYSIS OF INFORMATION AND COMMU -
NICATIONS TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY USE OF  
BANK PRODUCTS .—The Export-Import Bank 
of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) shall conduct a study of the extent to which the products offered by the Bank are available and used by compa-nies that export information and commu-nications technology services and related goods. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the study re-
quired by subsection (a), the Bank shall ex-amine the following: 
(1) The number of jobs in the United States 
that are supported by the export of informa-tion and communications technology serv-ices and related goods, and the degree to which access to financing will increase ex-ports of such services and related goods. 
(2) The reduction in the financing by the 
Bank of exports of information and commu-nications technology services from 2003 through 2014. 
(3) The activities of foreign export credit 
agencies to facilitate the export of informa-tion and communications technology serv-ices and related goods. 
(4) Specific proposals for how the Bank 
could provide additional financing for the ex-portation of information and communica-tions technology services and related goods through risk-sharing with other export cred-it agencies and other third parties. 
(5) Proposals for new products the Bank 
could offer to provide financing for exports of information and communications tech-nology services and related goods, includ-ing— 
(A) the extent to which the Bank is author-
ized to offer new products; 
(B) the extent to which the Bank would 
need additional authority to offer new prod-ucts to meet the needs of the information and communications technology industry; 
(C) specific proposals for changes in law 
that would enable the Bank to provide in-creased financing for exports of information and communications technology services and related goods in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank; 
(D) specific proposals that would enable 
the Bank to provide increased outreach to the information and communications tech-nology industry about the products the Bank offers; and 
(E) specific proposals for changes in law 
that would enable the Bank to provide the fi-nancing to build information and commu-nications technology infrastructure, in com-pliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank, to allow for market access oppor-tunities for United States information and communications technology companies to provide services on the infrastructure being financed by the Bank. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bank shall submit to Congress a report that contains the results of the study required by subsection (a). 
SA 2535. Mrs. FISCHER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2272 submitted by Mr. T
ESTER and intended to be proposed to 
the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.035 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6042 July 27, 2015 
under the Patient Protection and Af-
fordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 1, line 2, strike ‘‘$10,000,000,000’’ 
and insert ‘‘$20,000,000,000’’. 
SA 2536. Mr. M CCONNELL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end add the following: 
‘‘This act shall be effective 2 days after en-
actment.’’ 
SA 2537. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 1004, between lines 7 and 8, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 62002. EXCLUSION OF ORPHAN DRUG SALES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (3) of section 
9008(e) of the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act (26 U.S.C. 4001 note prec.; Pub-lic Law 111–148) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(3) E
XCLUSION OF ORPHAN DRUG SALES .— 
The term ‘branded prescription drug sales’ shall not include sales of any drug or biologi-cal product with respect to which a credit was allowable for any taxable year under section 45C of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, regardless of whether such credit was claimed and received. The preceding sen-tence shall not apply with respect to any such drug or biological product after the date on which such drug or biological prod-uct is approved by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration for marketing for any indica-tion other than the treatment of the rare disease or condition with respect to which such credit was allowable.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in section 9008 of the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act (26 U.S.C. 4001 note prec.; Public Law 111–148). 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, JULY 28, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 11 a.m., Tuesday, July 28; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two lead-ers be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 22; and finally, that all time dur-ing the adjournment of the Senate 
count postcloture on the McConnell substitute amendment No. 2266, as modified. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 11:13 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, July 28, 2015, at 11 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
VICTORIA MARIE BAECHER WASSMER, OF ILLINOIS, TO 
BE UNDER SECRETARY OF ENERGY, VICE KRISTINA M. JOHNSON, RESIGNED. 
TENNESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY  
RICHARD CAPEL HOWORTH, OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE TEN-NESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY FOR A TERM EXPIRING MAY 18, 2020. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
HARRY K. THOMAS, JR., OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CA-REER MINISTER, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ZIMBABWE. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO SERVE AS DIRECTOR OF THE COAST GUARD RESERVE PURSUANT TO TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 53(B) IN THE GRADE INDICATED: 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. KURT B. HINRICHS 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate July 27, 2015: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN N. T. SHANAHAN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MICHAEL X. GARRETT 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 156: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. DARSE E. CRANDALL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. JOSEPH E. TOFALO 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE VICE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSI-TION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 154: To be general 
GEN. PAUL J. SELVA 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be general 
GEN. DARREN W. MCDEW 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DAVID J. BUCK 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. TOD D. WOLTERS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. RUSSELL J. HANDY 
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. FRANK H. STOKES 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. JOHN W. RAYMOND 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JAMES E. PORTER, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF 
THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DANIEL R. HOKANSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. KEVIN D. SCOTT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. KEVIN M. DONEGAN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MICHAEL H. SHIELDS 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. VICTOR J. BRADEN 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. RICHARD P. BRECKENRIDGE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.035 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6043 July 27, 2015 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED 
STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL DAVID W. ASHLEY COLONEL JEREMY O. BAENEN COLONEL STEPHEN F. BAGGERLY COLONEL SAMUEL W. BLACK COLONEL CHRISTINE M. BURCKLE COLONEL DAVID B. BURGY COLONEL JANUS D. BUTCHER COLONEL JOHN D. CAINE COLONEL CRAIG A. CAMPBELL COLONEL JOSEPH S. CHISOLM COLONEL FLOYD W. DUNSTAN COLONEL DOUGLAS A. FARNHAM COLONEL LAURIE M. FARRIS COLONEL JERRY L. FENWICK COLONEL DAWN M. FERRELL COLONEL DOUGLAS E. FICK COLONEL ARTHUR J. FLORU COLONEL DONALD A. FURLAND COLONEL TIMOTHY H. GAASCH COLONEL KERRY M. GENTRY COLONEL JEROME M. GOUHIN COLONEL RANDY E. GREENWOOD COLONEL ROBERT J. GREY, JR. COLONEL EDITH M. GRUNWALD COLONEL GREGORY M. HENDERSON COLONEL ELIZABETH A. HILL COLONEL JOHN S. JOSEPH COLONEL JILL A. LANNAN COLONEL JAMES M. LEFAVOR COLONEL JEFFREY A. LEWIS COLONEL TIMOTHY T. LUNDERMAN COLONEL ERIC W. MANN COLONEL BETTY J. MARSHALL COLONEL SHERRIE L. MCCANDLESS COLONEL KEVIN T. MCMANAMAN COLONEL DAVID J. MEYER COLONEL STEVEN S. NORDHAUS COLONEL SCOTT W. NORMANDEAU COLONEL RICHARD C. OXNER, JR. COLONEL KIRK S. PIERCE COLONEL THERESA B. PRINCE COLONEL DAVID L. ROMUALD COLONEL EDWARD A. SAULEY III COLONEL KEITH A. SCHELL COLONEL BRIAN M. SIMPLER COLONEL CHARLES G. STEVENSON COLONEL BRADLEY A. SWANSON COLONEL DEAN A. TREMPS COLONEL WILLIAM M. VALENTINE COLONEL RICHARD W. WEDAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. STEVEN A. SCHAICK 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JEFFREY A. DOLL 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be general 
LT. GEN. CARLTON D. EVERHART II 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE, AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 8039: 
To be major general 
COL. DONDI E. COSTIN 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. STEPHEN R. LYONS 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND 
RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. JOHN C. AQUILINO 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. ROBERT L. THOMAS, JR. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. LAWRENCE D. NICHOLSON 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ROBERT B. A. MACGREGOR, 
TO BE MAJOR. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JANE E. 
BOOMER AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW D. VAN DALEN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 24, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH AFSANA 
AHMED AND ENDING WITH REGGIE D. YAGER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 24, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN C. 
ROCKWELL AND ENDING WITH STEPHEN J. TORRES, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 24, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANA M. 
APOLTAN AND ENDING WITH ALDO TTINOCO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 24, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH BRIAN H. 
ADAMS AND ENDING WITH MARY JEAN WOOD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 24, 2015. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ALLEN 
KIPP ALBRIGHT AND ENDING WITH BRADLEY DUNCAN WHITE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 15, 2015. IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF DAVID G. JONES, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF RAYMOND L. PHUA, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN M. BRADFORD, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH STEVE J. CHUN 
AND ENDING WITH BENJAMIN R. SIEBERT, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 24, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF STEVEN L. ISENHOUR, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF JOSEPH D. GRAMLING, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF MARK S. SNYDER, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF KEITH J. MCVEIGH, TO BE COLO-
NEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF LISA M. STREMEL, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MICHAEL N. 
CLEVELAND AND ENDING WITH MICHAEL W. SUMMERS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 24, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MATTHEW H. 
BROOKS AND ENDING WITH JAY D. HANSON, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 24, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GIL A. 
DIAZCRUZ AND ENDING WITH SOLIMAN G. VALDEZ, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 24, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NICHOLAS R. 
CABANO AND ENDING WITH JAMES W. PRATT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 8, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH KIMBERLY D. 
BRENDA AND ENDING WITH CARRIE A. STORER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 8, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ERIC J. 
ANSORGE AND ENDING WITH D011713, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 8, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOHN L. AMENT 
AND ENDING WITH WENDY G. WOODALL, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 8, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF LAURA M. HUDSON, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF MARK R. READ, TO BE COLONEL. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
MARINE CORPS NOMINATION OF JOHN R. BARCLAY, TO 
BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF THOMAS F. MURPHY III, TO BE 
CAPTAIN. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ARSLAN S. 
CHAUDHRY AND ENDING WITH ANDREW D. SILVESTRI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 24, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF BENJAMIN M. BOCHE, TO BE 
LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL J. ELLIOTT, TO BE 
CAPTAIN. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CHRISTOPHER N. 
ANDREWS AND ENDING WITH NICHOLAS J. VANDYKE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 8, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:16 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A27JY6.017 S27JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1125 July 27, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 25TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) 
was the nation’s first comprehensive civil rights law addressing the needs of people with disabilities. The roots of this historic Act date back to the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s. It began in towns and cities across the United States. It began with parents, families and friends of those living with disabilities challenging the societal barriers that excluded their fellow Americans from fair employment, access to public services and deserved ac-commodations. 
Over the decades, the disability rights 
movement continued to grow and gain mo-mentum. When ADA was enacted on July 26, 1990, it was regarded as a momentous bill that would break down barriers to education, employment and technology—and it has not disappointed. The Americans with Disabilities Act has markedly increased the quality of life for the over 55 million people living with a dis-ability in the United States today. The ADA is viewed as responsible for a 75% increase in access to public facilities and transportation services for people with disabilities. In fact, over 20 cities across the United States includ-ing Boston, Massachusetts now use rail sys-tems that are accessible to people with dis-abilities. 
The ADA has also given greater voice to 
those faced with mental and physical chal-lenges. This law requires that people with dis-abilities be given access to a right that every American is constitutionally guaranteed, the right to vote. Between 1996 and 2004, imple-mentation of the ADA increased voter turnout amongst the men and women with disabilities by 10% compared to an overall increase of only 2%. 
While a significant disparity in income and 
poverty rates remains for those living with dis-abilities, the Americans with Disabilities Act was a historic stepping stone that has decid-edly improved the lives of millions. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in commemo-
rating this 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. I ask that my colleagues rise and join me in recognizing the importance of this legislation. HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BE-LOVED WILLIAM H. ‘‘COTTON’’ BYROM 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize the life and legacy of Northwest Florida’s beloved William H. ‘‘Cotton’’ Byrom. Cotton was a friend and a lifelong resident of the Gulf Coast, a successful business owner, and a leader in civil society. All of Northwest Florida mourns his passing. 
Born and raised in Milton, Florida, Cotton 
graduated from Milton High School in the midst of World War II, and, at the age of 17, he answered the call of duty, serving with honor and distinction in the Navy during the war. Following his military service, Cotton at-tended Florida State University, cementing a passion for FSU football that would continue for the rest of his life. At FSU, Cotton dis-played the leadership skills that would come to be a hallmark of his service to Northwest Flor-ida, serving as founding president of Phi Kappa Tau Fraternity. 
After receiving his degree in finance, Cotton 
returned to his beloved Milton, starting the Byrom Insurance/Real Estate Agency, which he led for nearly four decades. Despite the rig-ors of running a successful small business, Cotton was also dedicated to serving the peo-ple of Milton, and this commitment to service saw him elected to various important posi-tions. Among the many offices he held, Cotton served as Mayor of Milton, City Police Direc-tor, and City Judge, and he also served a term in the Florida Legislature. Cotton also served in many other capacities, including more than 30 years on the Board of Directors for SunTrust Bank, nearly 20 years as Chairman of the Santa Rosa Beach Administration, and more than a decade as Santa Rosa County Civil Defense Director. In addition, Cotton was a member of the ‘‘Coffee Crew,’’ which gath-ered at 9:00 a.m. each morning in Milton to discuss politics and current affairs. When I at-tended, I always enjoyed visiting with Cotton and was deeply humbled to receive his coun-sel and guidance. 
Cotton was also a deeply religious man and 
a longtime member of First United Methodist Church. In fact, as a child, Cotton began sav-ing the money that he earned to help rebuild the church following a fire that destroyed the church in 1932. 
To some, Cotton Byrom will be remembered 
as a dedicated public servant and patriot, who answered the call during one of our Nation’s toughest hours and came back home to con-tinue leading and serving the people of North-west Florida; to others he will be remembered as a successful businessman and civic leader; to his friends and family he will best be re-membered as a loving husband, father, grand-father, and great-grandfather. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I am privileged to recognize the life and legacy of William H. ‘‘Cotton’’ Byrom. My wife Vicki and I send our deepest prayers and condolences to his wife Geraldine ‘‘Geri’’ Byrom; four daughters: Priscilla (Pete) Sanstead, Barbara (Terry) Johnson, Jennifer (Alan) Byrom; Julie (Guy) Byrom; grand-children: Betsy Cooley, Leslie (Josh) Sparr, Tyler Sparr, Caroline Sanstead, and Gracie Stewart; great-grandchildren: Sarah Cooley, Brooke Baker, William Baker, Ben White and Jayden White; stepchildren, Matt (Tonya) Law-rence and Laura (Shaine) Garrison; step- grandchildren: Seth Lawrence, Grant Garrison, Colin Garrison and Emma Garrison; nephew, Jack (Betty) Williamson; special relative, Paul (Laurie) Green; and the entire Byrom family. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIAN MORRISON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Brian Morrison of Creston, Iowa for being named the Class 3A Region 2 Coach of the Year by the Iowa Football Coaches Association. 
With a record of 10–3 the Panthers finished 
the season second place in their district, earn-ing their first berth to the class 3A state foot-ball playoffs after beating first place Dallas Center-Grimes in the district championship. Coach Morrison displayed a knack for leading these young men and rallying them around a single goal. Although they fell short of the ulti-mate goal, this team, and their coaching staff, had an excellent season and deserve to be commended. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I 
stand here today and recognize Coach Morri-
son for his accomplishments. It is role models like Brian that help mold our future genera-tions. I know my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating him on this outstanding achievement and wish him nothing but continued success moving for-ward. 
f 
SPECIAL ORDER ON INTER-
NATIONAL RELIGIOUS FREEDOM 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I’m pleased to 
join my colleagues, Congressmen V ARGAS and 
COLLINS in this Special Order regarding inter-
national religious freedom. 
As the daughter of Assyrian and Armenian 
immigrants who fled the slaughter of Middle East Christians in the early 1900’s, the impor-tance of religious freedom is interwoven into the history of my family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JY8.001 E27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1126 July 27, 2015 
I remember vividly the stories my parents, 
grandparents, aunts and uncles told me of what they faced; how they fled; about the fam-ily members murdered; of Churches being burned; and all because they were Christians. Tragically, we are witnessing history repeating itself today in the Middle East. 
Violence and instability has once again 
placed Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East in exceptional peril, a popu-lation which has already dwindled consider-ably in Iraq and Syria. 
There is a systematic extermination of the 
world’s oldest Christian communities taking place. First it was Al Qaeda when the U.S. in-vaded Iraq. Today it is the barbarians of ISIS who are responsible for horrific acts, including torture, murder and displacement of thou-sands, many with whom I share the same eth-nic background. 
From the founding of our nation, religious 
freedom has been a pillar of our democracy and it remains a cornerstone of our democ-racy and a value we espouse to peoples around the world. 
The situation for religious minorities in the 
Middle East remains particularly desperate and many are losing hope. As a maelstrom of violence and religious persecution ravages this part of the world, we can and must lead. 
First, there is a desperate need for humani-
tarian aid for the displaced inside and outside established refugee camps. 
Second, the United States should provide 
adequate safety for the few remaining reli-gious minority communities in Syria and Iraq. 
Third, we should ease the bureaucratic bur-
dens which hold up immigration applications for religious minorities who wish to seek ref-uge in the United States. Today they are made to wait years due to our tedious refugee processing through the State Department and Department of Homeland Security. 
Religious leaders across ecumenical lines 
have come together and firmly stated their support for religious freedom. Pope Francis said in January, ‘‘. . . Freedom of religion and freedom of expression are both fundamental human rights.’’ 
The United States must step up, lead by ex-
ample, and make good on our belief that reli-gious freedom is a precious one. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RALPH LENTS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Ralph Lents of Greenfield, Iowa for being selected as Adair County’s 2015 inductee into the Iowa 4– H Hall of Fame. 
Ralph’s 4–H career started off quickly when 
he joined the Eureka Eagles showing cattle and hogs and participating in livestock judging. His leadership abilities were evident as he served as club treasurer, vice president, and was elected boys county 4–H president in 1968. He enjoyed attending the Adair-Union 4–H Winter Camp at Madrid, the State 4–H Conservation Camp and the State 4–H Con-ference. Ralph was a member of one of the top livestock judging teams at the Adair Coun-ty Fair and later coached a team competing at the American Royal Livestock Show in Kansas 
City. Ralph received the Danforth leadership award as a senior 4–H’er. 
Ralph served three four-year terms on the 
Adair County Extension Council: four years as chairman, and eight years as treasurer. He served on the Adams County Extension Coun-cil for four years, the Iowa Association of County Extension Councils Board of Directors, and represented southwest Iowa on several state Extension Committees. Ralph was club leader of the Way Out Walnuts for eight years, continuing in that role after his daughter, Katie, had graduated. He continues to serve as county fair beef superintendent. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I 
stand here today and recognize Ralph for his many years of service and dedication. His ef-forts embody the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him, and Iowans like him, in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating Ralph for his achievements and wish him nothing but continued success. 
f 
TRIBUTE CELEBRATING 
PIKEVILLE INDEPENDENT’S 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to pay tribute to the Pikeville Inde-pendent School District in celebration of 100 years of education and service in the coal-fields of Eastern Kentucky. 
Pikeville Independent Schools have attained 
notable achievements across the board, in-cluding accreditation from the Southern Asso-ciation of Colleges and Schools for Pikeville Elementary and High Schools. The educators in this school system go the extra mile to pre-pare students for the next level, earning an impressive second place ranking in the state for college and career readiness. Currently, at the high school, 45% of junior and seniors are taking one or more dual credit courses through the University of Pikeville and annual National Merit semi-finalists. Juniors at Pikeville High also consistently rank among Kentucky’s top ten districts for ACT composite scores. Not only are individual students suc-ceeding, but the entire student body of each class is raising the bar for achievement. Pikeville High and Junior High Schools have earned recognition as schools of distinction, while also ranking among the top ten in the state for KPREP scores as a district. The founders of this private school district clearly laid firm cornerstones that continue to support the success of its students in its centennial year of education. 
Today, every Pikeville Panther has access 
to new, innovative opportunities like state-of- the-art science labs and online courses, as well as basic support like tutoring and full time teachers for humanities in every school. How-ever, educators are often faced with helping students through far more daunting challenges than tests and essays in the classroom. At Pikeville Independent, students are taught the value of respect and growth in every area of student life, from academics to extra-curricular activities, thereby inspiring the development of 
a well-rounded student with a good moral compass. With an average attendance rate surpassing 95%, parents and students clearly understand the importance of education in the new global economy. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in celebrating 100 years of educational achievement in the heart of coal country. When our students succeed, the future of this great Nation gets much brighter. Congratula-tions to Pikeville Independent Schools. Go Panthers. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PHILIPP 
MISSFELDER 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Philipp Missfelder, a member of the German parliament who passed away unex-pectedly on July 13, 2015, after suffering from an apparent pulmonary embolism. We send our prayers and sincerest condolences to his wife, Ann-Christin, and their two daughters. 
Born on August 25, 1979, Mr. Missfelder 
dedicated his life to public service. After re-ceiving a degree in history from the Technical University of Berlin, Mr. Missfelder rooted his commitment to public service in conservative principles. He served as a member of Ger-many’s lower house of parliament, the Bun-destag, since 2005 and then became the for-eign policy spokesman of Chancellor Angela Merkel’s Christian Democrats in 2009. 
Mr. Missfelder was a dynamic foreign policy 
expert and respected leader committed to im-proving international relations and Germany’s transatlantic ties. He garnered a reputation from his colleagues for being a champion of pro-life policy and for his strong support of our common ally, Israel. 
When I first met Mr. Missfelder, I was imme-
diately struck by his outgoing and friendly per-sonality, genuine nature, passion for his be-liefs, and his desire to serve the citizens of Germany. It was with deep sadness that I learned of his passing. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-
memorating the life of Philipp Missfelder for his public service to Germany, his commitment to democratic values, and the example he set for other public officials around the world. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO AARON DEMORY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor Aaron Demory of North Liberty, Iowa, for receiving the 2015 Youth Human Rights Award for his volunteer work in Guatemala. 
Each year the Iowa City Human Rights 
Commission recognizes youth who dem-onstrate passion and commitment towards bettering society through their service to oth-ers with a Youth Human Rights Award. 
Aaron Demory was granted this prestigious 
award for voluntarily traveling to Guatemala to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JY8.003 E27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1127 July 27, 2015 
build houses over the summer. Aaron’s hard 
work and dedication to assisting others truly embodies our Iowa values. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor to represent 
future leaders like Aaron Demory in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I applaud his service to others today. I know my colleagues in the House will join me in congratulating him for receiving this award. I wish him and his family all the best moving forward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CNY UNITED 
POWER SOCCER TEAM 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the victory of the CNY United Power Soccer team in the latest National Power Soc-cer Tournament in Tampa, Florida. CNY United defeated the Arizona Sun Devil’s Power Soccer Club by a score of 3–2 in the championship game. 
The CNY United Power Soccer program 
was formed in 2005 at Champions for Life in Auburn, New York. In 2007, CNY United be-came a member of the US Power Soccer As-sociation, an organization of over 60 teams across the country. Since their first tournament in 2007, the CNY United team has practiced and trained vigorously to solidify themselves as a contender at the national level of power soccer. CNY United received the national title during the recent MK Battery 2015 Premiere Cup due to the commitment and hard work of: Drew Cunningham, Tony Reuter, Ryan Charboneau, Peyton Sefick, Pat Coggins, Joel Maldonado, Brad Smith, Scott Laffen, and coach, Jim Sefick. 
Power soccer is a rapidly growing adaptive 
sport specifically designed for people in power wheelchairs. I am proud to recognize these athletes as stewards of this sport, advocates for increased opportunities for individuals with disabilities in Central New York, and nationally titled athletes. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DARRELL 
BLACKWELDER’S CAREER 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor County Extension Director Darrell Blackwelder for his faithful service to the state of North Carolina. 
In 1979, Darrell Blackwelder began his ca-
reer with the North Carolina Extension Service as an Agricultural Extension Agent in charge of educational programs in Rowan County. In 1989, after a brief stint in the private sector, he returned to the Extension Service in Davie County as an agent in charge of horticulture, pesticide management, and community re-source development. He then returned to Rowan County in 1993 as an Agricultural Ex-tension Agent in charge of horticulture, for-estry, and community and resource develop-ment. Mr. Blackwelder performed on-going edu-
cational programs for commercial vegetable producers, and was in charge of the Extension Master Gardener Volunteer Program. His ex-emplary work in all of these positions led to his hiring as the Rowan County Extension Di-rector in 2011. 
Mr. Blackwelder has received many awards 
throughout his career including the ‘‘Young Agriculture Agent of the Southwest District’’ in 1986, the ‘‘State Winner-Website’’ in 2006, and the ‘‘NC Agriculture Agent Distinguished Service Award’’ in 2015. Equally as impressive to these accolades was his will to become a better agent. Mr. Blackwelder diligently worked to become a Certified Public Pesticide Oper-ator and a Certified Plant Professional. 
He has had the opportunity to travel and 
consult for producers and agents in tomato production regions of the Middle East and Central Asia. Mr. Blackwelder has also been a valuable member of the community, and has served on the board of directors for the Salis-bury Farmers Market, Rowan County Voca-tional Workshop, and American Cancer Soci-ety in Rowan County. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in thank-
ing Darrell Blackwelder for his esteemed serv-ice to our community and congratulating him on his retirement. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE CLARINDA RE-
GIONAL HEALTH CENTER RELAY FOR LIFE TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and honor the Clarinda Re-gional Health Center Relay for Life Team of Clarinda, Iowa, for receiving the 2015 Relay for Life Traveling Trophy. 
Each year the Relay for Life Traveling Tro-
phy is awarded to the team donating the most money to Relay for Life in their counties. The Clarinda Regional Health Center Relay for Life Team was given this prestigious award for do-nating $5,000 to aid cancer research and awareness. Their hard work and dedication to assisting others truly embodies our Iowa val-ues. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor to represent 
the members of the Clarinda Regional Health Center Relay for Life team in the United States Congress, and it is with great pride that I congratulate them today. I know my col-leagues in the House will join me in congratu-lating them for receiving this award and thank-ing them for their commitment to helping oth-ers. I wish the team and employees at Clarinda Regional Health Center all the best moving forward. 
f 
HONORING JIM BARBOUR, NAPA 
COUNTY AGRICULTURALIST OF THE YEAR 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Jim Barbour, my longtime friend, and the recipient of the Napa County 
Farm Bureau’s 2014 Agriculturalist of the Year Award. Mr. Barbour has been, and continues to be, a tireless advocate and fierce supporter of agriculture in the Napa Valley. It is therefore appropriate that we recognize and thank Mr. Barbour today for his relentless dedication to his craft and effort to promote agriculture in Napa County. 
Jim Barbour was born in San Francisco, 
moved to the Napa Valley as a child and grew up in Rutherford on his family’s ranch along Highway 29. His education in agriculture began at an early age; the family grew prunes on their 30-acre property as well as Gamay, Mondeuse and Petit Bouschet wine grapes. He attended UC Davis where he acquired a bachelor’s degree in viticulture and embarked on a lifelong career in plant science. 
In the span of nearly four decades, Jim 
Barbour has planted and managed some of the Napa Valley’s most highly regarded vine-yards, collaborating with its leading winemakers and playing a crucial role in the creation of some of its finest wines. As propri-etor of Barbour Vineyards Management and Development he has been able to craft, shape and produce exceptional vintages, as well as his own Barbour Wines. 
Mr. Barbour has made a lifelong commit-
ment to his craft as an advocate for respon-sible and sustainable farming practices. He is a long time donor to Family House of San Francisco, the Make-A-Wish Foundation and the local community schools within Napa Val-ley. Mr. Barbour was also chairman of Napa Farm Bureau’s ‘‘Shaken, not deterred!’’ re-building campaign after the South Napa Earth-quake of August 2014. 
Mr. Speaker, Jim Barbour’s leadership in 
the wine industry and viticultural advancement is greatly appreciated by the entire Napa com-munity and we wish him further success in an already distinguished career. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 101ST 
BIRTHDAY OF GERALDINE (JERRY) EMMETT 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mrs. Geraldine Emmett, who cele-brated her 101st birthday on July 18, 2015. Af-fectionately known as Jerry by everyone, she is one of Arizona’s oldest living Democrats, a beloved educator and the founder of the Democratic Women of Prescott Area (DWPA). 
Jerry graduated from Northern Arizona Uni-
versity Teacher’s College in 1937 and for 45 years taught in communities throughout Ari-zona, including the Navajo Reservation, the small town of Seligman along Route 66, Tombstone, Scottsdale and Phoenix, before retiring and moving to Prescott 25 years ago. Then, at the age of 75, Jerry launched the DWPA and helped build it into the dynamic grassroots program that it is today. 
Jerry has been a vital asset to every school 
and community she has touched throughout the years, and I proudly count myself among the many who have been inspired by her te-nacity, vision and sincere belief in Arizona’s greatness. Members, I ask you to join me in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JY8.003 E27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1128 July 27, 2015 
wishing Jerry Emmett a Happy 101st Birthday 
and thank her for all that she had done for Ari-zona and our nation. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CLINT SPURRIER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Clint Spurrier of Mount Ayr, Iowa for receiving a 2015 Governor’s Volunteer Award. Starting in 1983, the Governor’s office began awarding state employees who displayed a commitment to volunteerism by helping with various projects or programs within their communities. Since its implementation the award has ex-panded to any member of the public that dis-plays the necessary attributes for receiving this award. 
Clint is a prime example of the dedication 
and commitment to service that Iowans are known for. He selflessly gives his time to pro-grams like the South Central Iowa Community Foundation, which aims to improve the quality of life all across the south central region of Iowa through the implementation of charitable funds. Each year, they donate more than $1 million to various organizations in the region. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I 
stand here today and recognize Clint for his many years of service and dedication to oth-ers in his community. His volunteerism em-bodies the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him, and Iowans like him, in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating Clint for his achievements and wish him nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF THE FALLEN KO-
REAN WAR SOLDIERS FROM QUEENS 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise with The 
Honorable J OSEPH CROWLEY , The Honorable 
STEVE ISRAEL , The Honorable H AKEEM  
JEFFRIES , The Honorable C AROLYN MALONEY , 
and The Honorable G REGORY MEEKS , on the 
62nd anniversary of the Korean War Armi-stice, to recognize the brave soldiers from Queens who were killed or missing in action during the Korean War. Many of these valiant soldiers are memorialized on a statue in Kissena Park, in my district. 
The Korean War was a grueling conflict that 
brought the Cold War into Asia. The Korean War lasted three years, and approximately five million soldiers and civilians were killed. 
In this tragic three-year period, one hundred 
and eighty-three soldiers from Queens died to protect our country and the democratic ideals that we hold dear. It is important to honor their memory and ensure their sacrifices are not forgotten. I wish to submit their names for the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD : 
Dominick M. Ambrosino, Thomas W. Au-
gust, Joseph Banks, Gilbert E. Barnard, George Barrell, Reginald J. Batten, Salvatore 
T. Bellavia, Joseph P. Bertani, Robert S. Bick, Robert H. Black, Edward R. Bosch, Walter J. Bradicich, Harry M. Bringes, Charles J. Brown, Jr., Thomas J. Burke. 
Nicola Cafaro, Joseph S. Campo, Joseph J. 
Carey, Jr., Robert J. Carpenter, Patrick F. Carr, Peter F. Casey, Donald M. Chapple, Leroy R. Coleman, William Collins, Josephs Colonna, Frederick A. Conti, Mario Contiliano, John R. Coogan, Edward T. Cooney, Ernest J. Corin, Anthony E. Costa, Donald J. Cunniffe, Daniel V. Curley, Peter J. Cusumano, Benito Dalleva, Jerome M. Daly, William Davis, John A. De Franchesi, Trinidad De La Fuente, Jo-seph De Pietro, Richard P. Delligatti, Fiore J. Di Giorgio, Joseph E. Doherty, Mortimer Domroe, Charles A. Dow, Matthew R. Downs, Richard T. Dwyer. 
Edward A. Edni, Lewis Fabrizio, James F. 
Farrell, Dominick J. Fazio, Milton Fedchisin, David E. Feldmeth, Eugene H. Firnges, Thom-as F. Fisher, Thomas E. Flanagan, Douglas L. Flannery, James L. Forenza, Niel M. Freeman, Frank T. Frey, Raymond X. Gallagher, Fred J. Giangrasso, John Gieseking, Gilbert G. Goepel, Fred Goldstein, Walter F. Gross, Leon Gurfein. 
Robert W. Hamblin, Robert Hanley, Daniel 
M. Healy, John J. Hegarty III, Adolf F. Heissler, Paul O. Herman, Thomas D. Herr, Thomas Hicks, Edmond Hitziger, Marti F. Hochenberger, Martin J. Hoffman, Edgar G. Holmes, Edward M. Howard, Raymond P. Jenner, Elmer J. Kallmeyer, John J. Kane, Ed-ward Kazmierczak, George C. Klaussner, Ken-neth W. Kinsey, Kingdon R. Knapp, Paul J. Kruk. 
Salvatore T. La Rocca, Edward F. Lamers, 
Meredith L. Lehman, Jr., Billy Liolin, Ernest Little, Sr., George J. Mabin, Guy A. Maclaury, Michael F. Maher, Daniel D. Maletta, George H. Mammes, Philip V. Mandra, John S. Maniatty, Anthony Marcatante, Jason Maschist, Marshall McCook, James C. McEvoy, James J. F. McGoey, Hugh P. McKenna, John P. McKenna, John P. McLaughlin, Joseph E. McLaughlin, Robert J. McLoughlin, John P. McQuade, John C. Men-del, Henry Mezzatesta, Jr., Theodore Milczarczyk, Gus E. Miller, Robert F. Miller, John G. Mitchell, Curtis L. Smith, Ralph R. Mitola, William W. Monaghan, Gunther T. Muller. 
Adolphus Nava, Charles V. Nejedly, Dennis 
J. Nyhan, Edward O’Donnell, Vincent W. O’Neill, Michael J. O’Sullivan, Anthony E. Pagano, Raphael J. Paparillo, Jr., Elmiro Patitucci, Jr., Frederick Perrotta, Alfred P. Perry, John Pointeck, Jr., Frank P. Ragone, Benjamin Rand, George H. Redding, Michael D. Restaino, Roy T. Riggs, Thomas M. Robb, Edward J. Rock, Daniel F. Rogers, Louis H. Roman, James J. Rone, Hector P. Rosa, George J. Rothenberger, John J. Ryan. 
Bernard J. Sabin, John W. Salerno, Colum-
bus Samuels, Edward F. Santora, Francis Scherman, William D. Scott, Henry Scotti, Frederick M. Scribner, Jr., Warren Sears, Ron-ald E. Shaddock, John J. Shay, Jr., James R. Silk, George E. Simmons, Nichol L. Siniscalchi, Stephen J. Smallbone, Curtis L. Smith, Dewitt R. Smith, Ernest A. Sobeck, Jr., Ronald C. Sparks, Raymond A. Staats, An-thony G. Steinhauser, Jr., James A. Sullivan, Jr., George F. Troy, Curt W. Ulrich, Leonard J. Vanata, James Void, Richard H. Volz, Robert A. Vradenburgh, Martin J. Wahl, William R. Walsh, Allan J. Waterman, Gerhardt H. 
Weber, Arthur A. Weigand, Melvin Weiss, Chester W. Wierzbicki, Gerald F. Williams, Richard E. Willoughby, Walter J. Yuszkiewics. 
As representatives of Queens, it is our 
honor to recognize the fallen soldiers who called Queens their home, and gave their lives in service to our country. I would like to thank the National Archives and the NYC Depart-ment of Parks and Recreation for providing the names of the deceased. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAYTON WEEHLER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Payton Weehler of Maloy, Iowa, for qualifying for nationals at the Memorial Day State Junior High Rodeo Tournament. Payton is the son of Neil and Jill Weehler. 
Payton won the break-away roping competi-
tion and received the Rookie of the Year award. His success reflects his hard work and dedication to his craft. He will compete at the National Junior High Rodeo Tournament in Des Moines, Iowa, later in the summer. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rep-
resent Iowans like Payton in the U.S. House of Representatives. I invite my colleagues to join me in congratulating Payton on a job well done, and wishing him nothing but continued success at the National Junior High Rodeo Tournament and in his future career. 
f 
HONORING BETTY RHODES 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to thank Betty Rhodes, who is leaving after 15 years of dedicated service to the Napa County Commission on Aging. 
Ms. Betty Rhodes served in several vital ca-
pacities on the Napa County Commission on Aging, most important as Chair for two terms beginning in 2001. Throughout the years, she has been a consistent and committed bene-factor to the community through her patronage and support of innumerable causes in Napa County. Her commitments include writing the ‘‘Senior Corner’’ in the St. Helena Star, serv-ing on the Board of Directors of Napa, becom-ing a member of the Senior Advisory Com-mittee for the City of Napa, and becoming co- host of Seniors Rule!, a new local television series. Ms. Rhodes fully embraced her numer-ous leadership positions and has been an im-portant advocate for the elderly community. 
One of her major contributions to the local 
community is the award winning protective 
measure known as the Caregiver Permit Ordi-nance. This measure mandates fingerprinting and criminal background checks for every indi-vidual and business providing in-home care for the elderly and disabled in the Napa Valley. Ms. Rhodes was also named ‘‘Outstanding Booster of the Year’’ by the Napa Chamber of Commerce in 2009, signifying the lasting posi-tive impacts that she has had on the commu-nity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JY8.006 E27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1129 July 27, 2015 
Ms. Rhodes’ success in working with the 
elder community stems from her ability to truly understand their needs as well as their value in the community. Through her dedication and determination, she has proven to be an influ-ential leading advocate for older adults. 
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Rhodes has a long and 
distinguished career of service to others, most notably to the senior community in Napa County. It is therefore appropriate that we ac-knowledge Ms. Rhodes today and wish her well as she departs the Napa County Commis-sion on Aging. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 25TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE SIGNING OF THE AMERICANS WITH DISABIL-ITIES ACT 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
celebrate the 25th anniversary of the signing of the Americans with Disabilities Act. On July 26, 1990, President George H.W. Bush signed into law and codified the prohibition of dis-crimination against people with disabilities in all areas of public life, including jobs, schools, transportation, and public and private places that are open to the general public. 
An individual with a disability is a person 
who has a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits one or more major life ac-tivities, has a record of such impairment, or is regarded as having such impairment. Approxi-mately 112,158 individuals of the population living within the 17th Congressional District have a disability. I am proud to represent them and to speak out today on a law that trans-formed our country. 
As a nation, America took another step on 
the pathway toward true equality during the late 1980s when the concept of federal legisla-tion with the single, worthy goal of expanding civil rights protections to millions of Americans with disabilities gained bipartisan support. 
I applauded those advocates, such as 
former Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa, who first introduced the legislation on May 8, 1988. Those great people brought to life a vision of inclusion, access, and dignity. It is my hope we can today follow in their likeness and con-tinue to protect the rights of all people. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HANK BOHLING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Hank Bohling of Greenfield, Iowa, for receiving a state 4–H citizenship project award. Hank is the son of Lynn and Elaine Bohling of Green-field, Iowa. 
A state 4–H project award is the highest 
achievement one can receive in the 4–H project work category. Project awards are given to youth who demonstrate leadership, communication, and volunteerism in certain project areas. A total of 152 youth from 55 counties competed for these project awards 
on the state level. Achieving this honor is a true testament to Hank’s commitment to serv-ing others, and I commend him for his hard work. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor to represent 
future leaders like Hank Bohling in the United States Congress, and it is with great pride that I applaud his award today. I know that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating Hank on his achievement. I wish him and his family nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING THE CITI OPEN TENNIS 
TOURNAMENT AND TENNIS WEEK IN THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to honor the Citi Open Tennis Tournament, taking place August 1–9, 2015, in Rock Creek Park, and to recognize these dates as ‘‘Tennis Week’’ in the District of Columbia. All are invited to at-tend the 47th installment of this Washington tennis tradition, a cultural, economic, and com-munity staple in the region. 
The Washington tennis tournament, now 
known as the Citi Open Tennis Tournament, was founded in 1969 by tennis legend and Hall of Famer Donald Dell, along with busi-ness partner John Harris, and with the support of Arthur Ashe. Ashe declared he would par-ticipate in the inaugural tournament under two conditions: the tournament would take place in a naturally integrated neighborhood, and it would be played on public land where all peo-ple could come together, enjoy the sport, and share the experience. Today, the tournament remains in its original location on 16th & Ken-nedy Streets NW, in Rock Creek Park. 
In 1972, Donald Dell gave the tournament 
charter to the Washington Tennis & Education Foundation (then called the Washington Area Tennis Patrons Foundation), a nonprofit orga-nization supporting local education causes for children. 
The Citi Open Tennis Tournament draws 
the best players in the world, making D.C. a global tennis destination. The tournament is also seen on television in 182 countries. A 2014 economic impact study found that the estimated total gross impact of the Citi Open on the regional economy is more than $26 mil-lion. The tournament is the only Association of Tennis Professionals 500 level event in the United States, and it is one of only four pro-fessional tennis tournaments combining men’s and women’s events. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to join me in recognizing ‘‘Tennis Week in the District of Columbia’’ for the Citi Open Tennis Tournament, celebrated August 1–9, as well as the Washington Tennis & Education Foundation for their outstanding efforts to run a world-class sporting event and contributions to D.C. youth. IN HONOR OF FELIX PELLETIER 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
express my sincere appreciation to Rhode Is-land resident Felix Pelletier, not only for his courageous service in the Army during World War II, but also his continuous service to the men and women of the armed services long after he honorably completed his tour of duty. 
For years now, Mr. Pelletier has dedicated 
hours each day to making life more com-fortable for our service members. Using his trusted Singer sewing machine, he has cre-ated neck coolers to help provide relief for the Soldiers, Airmen, Sailors, and Marines from the heat endured while defending our free-dom. At age 90, Mr. Pelletier has sewn over 50,000 of these devices and continues to craft them one stitch at a time. 
I commend Mr. Pelletier for his devotion to 
serving our country for over 70 years, from the shores of Normandy to our home state of Rhode Island. We are proud to have him as one of our own, and I thank him for his self-less commitment to helping our service mem-bers to this day. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HOUSTON STEPHENS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mr. Hous-ton Stephens for qualifying for nationals at the Memorial Day State Junior High Rodeo Tour-nament. Houston is the son of Jamie and Brad Stephens of Glenwood, Iowa. 
Houston received the reserve champion 
award in the break-away roping competition and placed second in the team roping com-petition. His success reflects his dedication to the event, as well as his work ethic and com-petitive spirit. He will compete at the National Junior High Rodeo Tournament in Des Moines, Iowa, later this summer. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rep-
resent Iowans like Houston in the U.S. House of Representatives. I invite my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on a job well done, and wishing him nothing but the best at the National Junior High Rodeo Tournament and in his future rodeo career. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,903,780,340.35. We’ve 
added $7,525,026,731,427.27 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JY8.010 E27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1130 July 27, 2015 
have avoided with a balanced budget amend-
ment. 
f 
COACH ROBERT HALE 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Coach Robert Hale, a Texas coaching legend in his own right, for his exemplary achievements and positive impact on his stu-dents, players, community and the great state of Texas. 
In 1968 Coach Hale began his coaching ca-
reer at Leonard Middle School in Fort Worth, Texas. He went on to become the head coach at 9 different Texas high schools including; Seymore, Dalhart, Lewisville, Burleson, Everman, Pampa, Weatherford, Azle and Crowley. As a coach, he lead his teams to his-toric victories, including winning the Class 4A state title at Pampa High School in 1996 and defeating defending state champ Fort Worth Dunbar in 2004. In all, Coach Hale amassed a UIL career record of 753–377 and an overall record of 806–387. 
Coach Hale has been influential both on 
and off the basketball court. He taught his stu-dents and players life lessons that they could carry with them into adulthood. He took the time to truly influence those around him, and his admirable service has left a lasting mark on his community. I speak on behalf of his son, Colby, when I say he is looked up to by his family and those closest to him. 
Today I am proud to say Coach Hale’s work 
has earned him the well-deserved honor of being inducted into the Texas High School Coaches Association’s Hall of Honor. 
I couldn’t be prouder of Coach Hale, and it 
is my pleasure to recognize his efforts and achievements before the House of Represent-atives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE SIDNEY IOWA 
CHAMPIONSHIP RODEO 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate a great Iowa institution, the Sidney Championship Rodeo. On August 8th, the Sidney Rodeo will be inducted into the 2015 Pro Rodeo Hall of Fame. The Sidney Rodeo is among the oldest and most prestigious events in the United States. This year, they are celebrating their 92nd year in operation. 
The Sidney Championship Rodeo began in 
1923 when Earl and Henry Tackett decided to entertain guests of the Old Soldiers Reunion. Members of the Sidney American Legion Post 128 quickly assumed sponsorship and made it an annual event. After 92 years in operation, the Sidney Rodeo arena is one of the best in the country with loyal visitors who travel from near and far for the event. The City of Sidney has 1,150 residents, but during the Rodeo the population swells to 38,000. 
For the past 92 years the Sidney Champion-
ship Rodeo has accomplished a great deal and is a true testament of hard work and dedi-
cation. I commend the Sidney Championship Rodeo for a job well done. I know that my col-leagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in honoring the Sidney Rodeo for this great achievement. I wish them nothing but continued success moving forward. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ‘‘BUSINESS 
SUPPLY CHAIN TRANSPARENCY ON TRAFFICKING AND SLAVERY ACT OF 2015’’ 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to introduce bipar-tisan legislation along with my fellow co-chair on the Human Trafficking Caucus, Rep. C
HRIS 
SMITH. 
Very few Americans are aware that many of 
the goods they use everyday are tainted by human trafficking or the worst forms of child labor. According to the U.S. Department of La-bor’s 2014 List of Goods Produced by Child Labor or Forced Labor, 136 goods from 74 countries were made by forced and child labor. This bill will require businesses to dis-close policies and practices they employ to eliminate human trafficking from operations and product development. 
The Business Supply Chain Transparency 
on Trafficking and Slavery Act doesn’t tell businesses what to do, but rather informs con-sumers what they are doing to eliminate human slavery from their supply chains. 
This legislation would help inform con-
sumers where and how their goods are made. While there are good actors, there are busi-nesses operating in parts of the world that rely on enslaved humans to produce their prod-ucts. We believe American consumers have a right to know who these companies are. 
This legislation creates a market-based so-
lution rather than relying on prescriptive action by the federal government. Large global com-panies already reporting to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) simply need to include what they are doing to rid their supply chains of human slavery and post this infor-mation on their company websites. Con-sumers will be empowered to make their pur-chasing decisions based on the information provided. Very simply, this bill creates an in-centive to improve practices to end slavery. 
Human trafficking is 21st century slavery. 
The International Labor Organization esti-mates that nearly 21 million people are work-ing in some form of forced labor worldwide. We must use every tool available to help these men, women, and children around the world who are enslaved. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SUE BECK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Sue Beck of Kellerton, Iowa for receiving a 2015 Gov-ernor’s Volunteer Award. Starting in 1983, the 
Governor’s office began awarding state em-ployees who displayed a commitment to vol-unteerism by helping with various projects or programs within their communities. Since its implementation the award has expanded to any member of the public that displays the necessary attributes for receiving this award. 
Sue is a prime example of the dedication 
and commitment to service that Iowans are known for. She selflessly gives her time to programs like the South Central Iowa Commu-nity Foundation, which aims to improve the quality of life all across the south central re-gion of Iowa through the implementation of charitable funds. Each year, they donate more than $1 million to various organizations in the region. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I 
stand here today and recognize Sue for her many years of service and dedication to oth-ers in her community. Her volunteerism em-bodies the Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent her, and Iowans like her, in the United States Congress. I know that all of my 
colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives will join me in congratulating Sue for her achievements and wish her nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF 
COLONEL D. SCOTT BRENTON 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the career of Colonel D. Scott Brenton. Col. Brenton has 27 years of dedicated serv-ice with the United States Air Force and the New York Air National Guard. Col. Brenton has been decorated with numerous medals, awards, and service distinctions. It is my honor to recognize such a distinguished cit-izen and airman. 
Col. Brenton began his military career in the 
Air Force in 1988 at Columbus Air Force Base, Mississippi and finished his training in 1990 at MacDill Air Force Base in Florida. Fol-lowing his training, Col. Brenton served for one year as an F–16C Pilot and as an Assist-ant Weapons Officer in the Republic of South Korea. In 1991, Col. Brenton was deployed to Germany where he served as an F–16C In-structor Pilot and Evaluator Pilot until 1995. 
In 1995, Col. Brenton was trained in a 
USAF Fighter Weapons Instructor Course at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada. For the next three years Col. Brenton was an F–16CJ In-structor, Evaluator, Weapons Officer, and Flight Commander at Shaw Air Force Base, South Carolina. He then returned to Nellis Air Force Base, working as an F–16CG, CJ, CM instructor, and Flight Commander at the USAF Fighter Weapons School from 1998 to 2000. From 2000 to 2001, Col. Brenton served as the Chief Wing Airspace Range Scheduler within the Department of Energy Liaison of the 57th Wing at Nellis Air Force Base. Col. Brenton then became an Assistant Operations Officer, Evaluator, and Program Manager at the USAF Fighter Weapons School for one year at Nellis Air Force Base. 
In 2002, Col. Brenton transitioned to Han-
cock Field Air National Guard Base in Syra-cuse, New York, where he has since served. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JY8.016 E27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1131 July 27, 2015 
From 2002–2005, he served as the Chief of 
Weapons and Tactics for the 138th Fighter Squadron and then served as their Director of Operations until 2008. Col. Brenton then be-came the 174th Operations Support Flight Commander for three years. Concluding his 27 years of service, from 2011 to present day, Col. Brenton has served as the 174th Oper-ations Group Commander at Hancock Field. 
Throughout his military career, Col. Brenton 
has logged a total of over 4800 flying hours, including over 350 combat missions in various contingencies to include Operations Northern and Southern Watch in Iraq, Operations Deny Flight and Deliberate Force in Bosnia, Oper-ation Noble Eagle, Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghani-stan. 
During his career, Col. Brenton has dis-
played honorable character and service to the United States Air Force, the New York Air Na-tional Guard, and our country. His military decorations and unit awards include: the Meri-torious Service Medal with one device; Air Medal with six devices; Aerial Achievement Medal with five devices; Air Force Commenda-tion Medal; Air Force Achievement Medal; Joint Meritorious Unit Award; Meritorious Unit Award with one device; and the Air Force Out-standing Unit Award with four devices. 
Col. Brenton’s effective dates of promotion 
are: Second Lieutenant, October 1987; First Lieutenant, October 1989; Captain, October 1991; Major, August 1998; Lieutenant Colonel, September 2003; Colonel, July 2012. 
In his civilian capacity, Col. Brenton grad-
uated from the University of Notre Dame with a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering and was commissioned through the ROTC program in 1987. He then went on to receive a Master of Science degree in Aerospace Science and Aeronautics from Embry-Riddle University. During his service to our nation, Col. Brenton graduated from the NATO Tactical Leadership Programme in Bel-gium, Squadron Officer School, Air Command and Staff College, Air War College, and the Joint Task Force Commander Training Course within USNORTHCOM at Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado. 
Without question Mr. Speaker, Col. Brenton 
is a very special person. He willingly served his nation, exuding loyalty and pride. For his unrelenting service, Col. Brenton can retire knowing he has earned such a status. I would like to wish him well in his retirement years; Col. Brenton, thank you for all of your years of hard work, dedication, and service to our country. 
f 
IN HONOR OF TIMOTHY ANDREWS 
ON WINNING THE GOLD MEDAL AT THE 2015 JUNIOR U.S. OPEN INTERNATIONAL JUDO CHAM-PIONSHIP IN FORT LAUDER-DALE, FLORIDA 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Mr. Timothy Andrews for winning the Gold Medal for his weight division at the 2015 Junior U.S. Open International Judo Championship in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. This remarkable young man has risen from an 
immensely challenging childhood to become an icon for his community and peers. Timothy has been featured in the Westside Gazette and South Florida Sun Sentinel for his athletic wins and inspirational triumphs over adversity. As a mark of good character, he has shown only gratitude and humbleness to those who have helped him in his life. 
I would be remiss not to mention the 
Broward County-based organization Helping Abused, Neglected, Disadvantaged Youth (HANDY, Inc.) for the role that it has played in Timothy’s ascent into adolescence and adult-hood. HANDY, Inc. has worked with Timothy since the age of 12 to help him prioritize his life and realize his dreams to one day rep-resent the United States in the Olympic Games. Timothy has also shown tremendous appreciation to his Sensei, Mr. Ghalib Car-michael of the Onikusu Judo Club in Fort Lau-derdale. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Mr. 
Timothy Andrews for all that he has accom-plished. His story is one of inspiration and demonstrates that all children have incredible potential to do great things and give back to their communities. I bid him good luck as he trains and remains steadfast in reaching his dreams. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE VETERANS 
EMERGENCY TREATMENT ACT 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to introduce my legislation, the Veterans Emergency Treatment Act. This important and necessary legislation would ensure that every enrolled veteran is afforded the highest level of emergency care at every emergency-capa-ble medical facility under the jurisdiction of the Department of Veterans’ Affairs (VA). It would accomplish this by applying the statutory re-quirements of the Emergency Treatment and Labor Act (EMTALA) to emergency care fur-nished by the VA to enrolled veterans. 
EMTALA, designed to prevent hospitals 
from transferring, or ‘‘dumping,’’ uninsured pa-tients at public hospitals requires 1) a hospital to conduct a medical examination to determine if an emergency medical condition exists; 2) if such condition exists, the hospital must either stabilize the patient or comply with the statu-tory requirements of a proper transfer; and 3) if an emergency medical condition exists and has not been stabilized, the hospital may not transfer the patient unless the patient, after being made aware of the risks, makes a trans-fer request in writing or a physician certifies that the medical benefits of a transfer out-weigh the risks. 
EMTALA grants every individual a right to 
emergency care. While a 2007 Veterans Health Administration (VHA) directive indicates that the VA complies with the intent of the EMTALA requirements, VA hospitals are ‘‘non- participating’’ hospitals and are therefore not obligated to fulfill EMTALA requirements. It is has become abundantly clear that the VA is not fulfilling the EMTALA directive. All too fre-quently, the policy is to turn down those who try to access an emergency room. It happened to my constituent, 64-year-old Army veteran 
Donald Siefken, when the Seattle VA refused to assist him from his car into the emergency room. Last year in New Mexico, a veteran died when the VA refused to transport him the 500 yards to the emergency room. This is not a new issue. These incidents have been docu-mented as far back as 2006, yet the VA has yet to change their policy, and Congress must act. 
Put simply, my commonsense and straight-
forward legislation would ensure that every en-rolled veteran who arrives at the emergency department of a VA medical facility and indi-cates an emergency condition exists, is as-sessed and treated in an effort to prevent fur-ther injury or death. 
I urge all members to join me in supporting 
this legislation. This is common sense legisla-tion to ensure our veterans are treated fairly. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, July 
28, 2015 may be found in the Daily Di-gest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
JULY 29 
9 a.m. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine reauthor-
izing the Higher Education Act, focus-ing on combating campus sexual as-sault. 
SH–216 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
Business meeting to consider S. 284, to 
impose sanctions with respect to for-eign persons responsible for gross vio-lations of internationally recognized human rights, S. 1632, to require a re-gional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram, and the nomina-tions of Michele Thoren Bond, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Consular Affairs), and Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, to be Representative of the United States of America on the Eco-nomic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, both of the Dis-trict of Columbia, Sheila Gwaltney, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JY8.008 E27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1132 July 27, 2015 
California, to be Ambassador to the 
Kyrgyz Republic, Perry L. Holloway, of South Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Co-operative Republic of Guyana, Laura Farnsworth Dogu, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Nica-ragua, and Peter F. Mulrean, of Massa-chusetts, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Haiti, all of the Department of State. 
SD–419 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
Business meeting to consider S. 1400, to 
amend the Small Business Act to di-rect the task force of the Office of Vet-erans Business Development to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to vet-eran-owned small businesses, S. 1756, to help small businesses take advantage of energy efficiency, S. 1857, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, S. 1866, to estab-lish the veterans’ business outreach center program, to improve the pro-grams for veterans of the Small Busi-ness Administration, an original bill entitled, ‘‘A Sense of the Committee on the Small Business Tax Compliance Relief Act of 2015’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Veterans Entrepreneurial Transition Act of 2015’’. 
SR–428A 
9:45 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the impacts 
of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion (JCPOA) on United States inter-ests and the military balance in the Middle East. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Subcommittee on Financial Institutions 
and Consumer Protection 
To hold hearings to examine the role of 
bankruptcy reform in addressing too- big-to-fail. 
SD–538 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action. 
SD–419 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Business meeting to consider an original 
bill entitled, ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Border Security Metrics Act 
of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Crit-ical Infrastructure Protection Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘EIN-STEIN Act of 2015’’, S. 1073, to amend the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, including making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for improved detec-tion, prevention, and recovery of im-proper payments to deceased individ-uals, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Quar-terly Financial Reporting Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015’’, S. 1607, to affirm the authority of the President to require independent regulatory agencies to comply with regulatory analysis re-quirements applicable to executive agencies, S. 1526, to amend title 10 and title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for construction and design services are awarded, to prohibit the use of re-verse auctions for design and construc-tion services procurements, to amend title 31 and 41, United States Code, to improve the payment protections available to construction contractors, subcontractors, and suppliers for work 
performed, S. 1820, to require agencies to publish an advance notice of pro-posed rule making for major rules, S. 1817, to improve the effectiveness of major rules in accomplishing their reg-ulatory objectives by promoting retro-spective review, S. 1808, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat anal-ysis, S. 779, to provide for Federal agencies to develop public access poli-cies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency, S. Res. 104, to express the sense of the Senate regarding the success of Operation Streamline and the importance of pros-ecuting first time illegal border cross-ers, S. 708, to establish an independent advisory committee to review certain regulations, S. 1170, to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the au-thority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, H.R. 1531, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide a pathway for tem-porary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, an original bill to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the ‘‘Lieutenant Colonel James ’Maggie’ Megellas Post Office’’, S. 1596, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Jo-seph W. Riley Post Office Building’’, and the nomination of Denise Turner Roth, of North Carolina, to be Admin-istrator of General Services. 
SD–342 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine wireless 
broadband and the future of spectrum policy. 
SR–253 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Se-
curity Cooperation 
To hold hearings to examine the finan-
cial crisis in Greece, focusing on impli-cations and lessons learned. 
SD–419 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Oversight, Agency Ac-
tion, Federal Rights and Federal Courts 
To hold hearings to examine IRS tar-
geting, focusing on progress of agency reforms and congressional options. 
SD–106 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 383, to 
provide for Indian trust asset manage-ment reform, and S. 732, to amend the Act of June 18, 1934, to reaffirm the au-thority of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for Indian tribes, to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the true costs of alcohol and drug abuse in Native communities. 
SD–628 2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-
ment Support 
To hold hearings to examine best prac-
tices at public and private shipyards. 
SR–232A 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine ending vet-
eran homelessness. 
SR–418 
JULY 30 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Admiral John M. Richardson, USN, to be Chief of Naval Operations. 
SD–G50 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Permanent Subcommittee on Investiga-
tions 
To hold hearings to examine the impact 
of the United States tax code on the market for corporate control and jobs. 
SD–342 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine sanctions 
and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. 
SD–419 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 1814, to 
withhold certain Federal funding from sanctuary cities, and S. 32, to provide the Department of Justice with addi-tional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity. 
SD–226 
10:30 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction 
and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine whistle-
blower claims at the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
SD–124 
2 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Benin, Jeffrey J. Hawkins, Jr., of Cali-fornia, to be Ambassador to the Cen-tral African Republic, David R. Gilmour, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Togolese Republic, and Daniel H. Rubinstein, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Tunisia, all of 
the Department of State. 
SD–419 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
AUGUST 4 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the back- 
end of the nuclear fuel cycle and re-lated legislation, including S. 854, to establish a new organization to manage nuclear waste, provide a consensual process for siting nuclear waste facili-ties, ensure adequate funding for man-aging nuclear waste. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M27JY8.000 E27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1133 July 27, 2015 
3 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 AUGUST 6 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 POSTPONEMENTS 
JULY 29 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the North 
Korea threat and United States policy. 
SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M27JY8.000 E27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D883 Monday, July 27, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5893–S6043. 
Measures Introduced: Ten bills and three resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1863–1872, and S. Res. 230–232.
                                                       Page S5928 
Measures Reported: 
S. 310, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for 
the costs of painting portraits of officers and employ-ees of the Federal Government. (S. Rept. No. 114–93) 
S. 1172, to improve the process of presidential 
transition, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 114–94) 
S. 1576, to amend title 5, United States Code, to 
prevent fraud by representative payees, with amend-ments. (S. Rept. No. 114–95)
                            Page S5928 
Measures Passed: 
Condemning the Attack in Lafayette, Louisiana: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 231, honoring the memory and legacy of the two Louisiana citizens who lost their lives, recognizing the heroism of first respond-ers and those on the scene, and condemning the at-tack of July 23, 2015, in Lafayette, Louisiana. 
                                                                                    Pages S5906–07 
NOTICE Act: Committee on Finance was dis-
charged from further consideration of H.R. 876, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-quire hospitals to provide certain notifications to in-dividuals classified by such hospitals under observa-tion status rather than admitted as inpatients of such hospitals, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                    Pages S5920–21 
Measures Considered: 
Hire More Heroes Act—Agreement : Senate con-
tinued consideration of H.R. 22, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act, after taking action on the following amendments and motions proposed thereto:
                                   Pages S5893, S5907–19, S5921–22 Adopted: 
By 64 yeas to 29 nays (Vote No. 256), McConnell 
(for Kirk) Amendment No. 2327 (to Amendment No. 2266), to reauthorize and reform the Export-Im-port Bank of the United States.
                 Pages S5921–22 
Rejected: 
McConnell Amendment No. 2329 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2266), of a perfecting nature. (Senate tabled the amendment.)
                                                                Page S5921 
Pending: 
McConnell Modified Amendment No. 2266, in 
the nature of a substitute.                                      Page S5893 
McConnell Amendment No. 2421 (to Amend-
ment No. 2266), of a perfecting nature.        Page S5922 
McConnell (for Inhofe) Amendment No. 2533 (to 
Amendment No. 2421), relating to Federal-aid high-ways and highway safety construction programs. 
                                                                                            Page S5922 
McConnell Amendment No. 2417 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 
2266), to change the enactment date.             Page S5922 
McConnell Amendment No. 2418 (to Amend-
ment No. 2417), of a perfecting nature.        Page S5922 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
By 79 yeas to 14 nays (Vote No. 255), Senate 
agreed to the motion to instruct the Sergeant at Arms to request the attendance of absent Senators. 
                                                                                            Page S5921 
McConnell Amendment No. 2330 (to Amend-
ment No. 2329), to change the enactment date, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 2329 (to the lan-guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2266) (listed above), was tabled.
                       Page S5921 
Chair sustained a point of order that McConnell 
Amendment No. 2328 (to Amendment No. 2327), to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconcili-ation Act of 2010 entirely, was not germane, and the amendment thus fell.
                                      Page S5921 
By 62 yeas to 32 nays (Vote No. 257), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on McConnell Modified Amendment No. 2266 (listed above).
            Page S5922 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY5.REC D27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D884 July 27, 2015 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 11 a.m., on Tuesday, July 28, 2015; that all time during the adjournment of the Senate count post-cloture on McConnell Modified Amend-ment No. 2266.
                                                         Page S6042 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
61 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 7 Army nominations in the rank of general. 1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. 7 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Marine 
Corps, and Navy.
                                               Pages S6042–43 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Victoria Marie Baecher Wassmer, of Illinois, to be 
Under Secretary of Energy. 
Richard Capel Howorth, of Mississippi, to be a 
Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee 
Valley Authority for a term expiring May 18, 2020. 
Harry K. Thomas, Jr., of New York, to be Am-
bassador to the Republic of Zimbabwe. 
1 Coast Guard nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S6042 Messages from the House:                         Pages S5927–28 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5928–31 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5931–33 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5923–27 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5933–42 
Quorum Calls: One quorum call was taken today. 
(Total—6)                                                                       Page S5921 
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. 
(Total—257)                                                  Pages S5921, S5922 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 11:13 p.m., until 11 a.m. on Tuesday, July 28, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6042.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 16 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3214–3229; 1 private bill, H.R. 3230; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 381–384, were in-troduced.
                                                                Pages H5522–23 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5524–25 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1634, to strengthen accountability for de-
ployment of border security technology at the De-partment of Homeland Security, and for other pur-
poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–226); 
H.R. 2750, to reform programs of the Transpor-
tation Security Administration, streamline transpor-tation security regulations, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–227); 
H.R. 348, to provide for improved coordination of 
agency actions in the preparation and adoption of environmental documents for permitting determina-tions, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–228, Part 1); 
Supplemental report on H.R. 1994, to amend title 
38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Vet-
erans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–225, Part 2); 
H.R. 1138, to establish certain wilderness areas in 
central Idaho and to authorize various land convey-ances involving National Forest System land and Bu-reau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–229); and 
H. Res. 380, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect un-less a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law; providing for proceedings during the period from July 30, 2015, through September 7, 2015, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–230).
               Page H5522 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Curbelo (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5471 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:18 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H5473 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:12 p.m. and recon-
vened at 3 p.m.                                                           Page H5475 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY5.REC D27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D885 July 27, 2015 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Jerry 
Peak Wilderness Additions Act: H.R. 1138, to es-
tablish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving Na-tional Forest System land and Bureau of Land Man-agement land in central Idaho;
                   Pages H5475–78 
Illegal, Unreported, and Unregulated Fishing 
Enforcement Act of 2015: H.R. 774, amended, to 
strengthen enforcement mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, and to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention;
                                       Pages H5478–86 
Evidence-Based Policymaking Commission Act 
of 2015: H.R. 1831, amended, to establish the Com-
mission on Evidence-Based Policymaking; 
                                                                                    Pages H5486–88 
Hire More Heroes Act of 2015: H.J. Res. 61, 
amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate ap-plies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act;
                                                                Pages H5488–90 
Need-Based Educational Aid Act of 2015: S. 
1482, to improve and reauthorize provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay 
vote of 378 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 467;
                                                       Pages H5490–91, H5510–11 
Secret Service Improvements Act of 2015: H.R. 
1656, amended, to provide for additional resources for the Secret Service, and to improve protections for restricted areas, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 365 yeas 
to 16 nays, Roll No. 468; 
                                                  Pages H5491–94, H5510, H5511–12 
Border Security Technology Accountability Act of 
2015: H.R. 1634, amended, to strengthen account-
ability for deployment of border security technology at the Department of Homeland Security; 
                                                                                    Pages H5494–95 
Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015: H.R. 
998, amended, to establish the conditions under which the Secretary of Homeland Security may es-tablish preclearance facilities, conduct preclearance operations, and provide customs services outside the United States;
                                                      Pages H5495–97 
Improved Security Vetting for Aviation Workers 
Act of 2015: H.R. 2750, amended, to reform pro-grams of the Transportation Security Administration 
and streamline transportation security regulations; 
                                                                                    Pages H5497–99 
Keeping our Travelers Safe and Secure Act: 
H.R. 2770, amended, to amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to require certain maintenance of security-related technology at airports, by a 2/3 yea- and-nay vote of 380 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 469;
              Pages H5499–H5501, H5510, H5512–13 
Independent Contractor Tax Fairness and Sim-
plification Act of 2015: H.R. 2483, amended, to 
amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide standards for determining employment status; 
                                                                                    Pages H5501–02 
Securing Expedited Screening Act: H.R. 2127, 
amended, to direct the Administrator of the Trans-portation Security Administration to limit access to expedited airport security screening at an airport se-curity checkpoint to participants of the PreCheck program and other known low-risk passengers; 
                                                                                    Pages H5502–04 
State Wide Interoperable Communications En-
hancement Act: H.R. 2206, amended, to amend the 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require recipients of State Homeland Security Grant Program funding to preserve and strengthen interoperable emergency communications capabilities;
                       Pages H5506–08 
Veterans Entrepreneurship Act of 2015: Concur 
in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2499, to amend the Small Business Act to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs and to help create jobs; and 
                                                                                    Pages H5508–10 
Ruth Moore Act of 2015: H.R. 1607, amended, 
to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the disability compensation evaluation procedure of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for veterans with mental health conditions related to military sexual trauma.
                                                                    Pages H5517–19 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:36 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:30 p.m.                                                    Page H5510 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the 
Capitol Visitor Center: The House agreed to dis-
charge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 64, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Monuments Men. 
                                                                                            Page H5513 
Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act: 
H.R. 1300, amended, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY5.REC D27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D886 July 27, 2015 
antimicrobials available to emergency response pro-
viders; and                                                              Pages H5504–06 
Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjust-
ment Act of 2015: H.R. 675, amended, to increase, 
effective as of December 1, 2015, the rates of com-pensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain disabled veterans.
                                                                 Pages H5513–17 
Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate 
and message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today ap-pears on pages H5474, H5519. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5510–11, H5511–12, and H5512–13. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 8 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECUTIVE IN 
NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 427, the ‘‘Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 8–3, a structured rule for H.R. 427. The rule provides one hour of general de-bate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. The rule waives all points of order against 
consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on the Judiciary now printed in the bill modified by the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report, and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part B of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. In section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from July 30, 2015 through September 7, 2015: the Journal of the 
proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjourn-ment. In section 3, the rule provides that the Speak-er may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. In section 4, the rule provides that each day during the period addressed by section 2 of the resolution shall not constitute a calendar day for pur-poses of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). In section 5, the rule provides that each day during the period addressed by section 2 of the resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII (resolutions of inquiry). In section 6, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of July 30, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader 
or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. In section 7, the rule waives the requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII (requiring a two-thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Com-mittee) with respect to any resolution reported through the legislative day of July 30, 2015. Finally, in section 8, the rule addresses access to the Cham-ber for the joint meeting to be held on September 24, 2015. Testimony was heard from Representatives Marino, Johnson of Georgia, and Young of Iowa. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
JULY 28, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine lifting the crude oil export ban, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business 
meeting to consider an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, S. 133, to approve and implement the Klamath Basin agreements, to improve natural resource management, support economic development, and sustain agricultural production in the Klamath River Basin in the public in-terest and the interest of the United States, S. 145, to re-quire the Director of the National Park Service to refund to States all State funds that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the National Park System during the October 2013 shutdown, S. 146, to authorize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY5.REC D27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D887 July 27, 2015 
the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agri-
culture to enter into agreements with States and political subdivisions of States providing for the continued oper-ation, in whole or in part, of public land, units of the National Park System, units of the National Wildlife Refuge System, and units of the National Forest System in the State during any period in which the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture is unable to maintain normal level of operations at the units due to a lapse in appropriations, S. 329, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the 
Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Con-necticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 403, to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to con-nect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, S. 521, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of President Station in Baltimore, Maryland, S. 583, to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, S. 593, to re-quire the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure assets, S. 610, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland and for other purposes, S. 720, to promote energy savings in resi-dential buildings and industry, S. 873, to designate the wilderness within the Lake Clark National Park and Pre-serve in the State of Alaska as the Jay S. Hammond Wil-derness Area, S. 1103, to reinstate and extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam, S. 1104, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hy-droelectric project involving the Gibson Dam, S. 1240, to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rio San Antonio Wilderness Areas in the State of New Mexico, S. 1305, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to au-thorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir, S. 1483, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System, S. 1694, to amend Public Law 103–434 to authorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of im-proving water management in the Yakima River basin, an original bill to provide for reforms of the administra-tion of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States, and the nomination of Jonathan Elkind, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (International Affairs), 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine the State Department’s pro-posal to construct a new diplomatic security training fa-cility, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 11:30 a.m., SH–219. 
Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine 
certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘First Principles of Congressional Budgeting’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Policies and Pri-orities of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Con-tinuing Concerns with the Federal Select Agent Program: Department of Defense Shipments of Live Anthrax’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Continued Oversight of the Federal Communications Commission’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Ray-burn. 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 985, ‘‘Concrete Ma-
sonry Products Research, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3154, ‘‘E-Warranty Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1344, ‘‘Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1462, ‘‘Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1725, ‘‘National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Authorization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2820, ‘‘Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reau-thorization Act of 2015’’, 5 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Dodd-Frank Act Five Years Later: Are We More Prosperous?’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 766, the ‘‘Financial 
Institution Customer Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1210, the ‘‘Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act’’; H.R. 1317, to amend the Commodity Exchange Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clear-ing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions, and for other purposes; H.R. 1553, the ‘‘Small Bank Exam Cycle Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Re-forming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act’’; H.R. 1839, the ‘‘Reforming Access for Investments in Startup Enterprises Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1941, the ‘‘Finan-cial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act’’; H.R. 2091, the ‘‘Child Support Assistance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2243, the ‘‘Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2643, the ‘‘State Licensing Efficiency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2912, the ‘‘Centennial Monetary Commission Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3032, the ‘‘Securities and Exchange Commission Reporting Modernization Act’’; H.R. 3189, the ‘‘Fed Oversight Reform and Mod-ernization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3192, the ‘‘Home-buyers Assistance Act’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Iran Nuclear Agreement: The Administration’s Case’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and 
Trade; Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific; and Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Iran-North Korea Strategic Alli-ance’’, 3 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY5.REC D27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D888 July 27, 2015 
Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-
bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Tech-nologies, hearing entitled ‘‘Promoting and Incentivizing Cybersecurity Best Practices’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, 
Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘America’s Growing Heroin Epidemic’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Over-
sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Account-ability, Policies, and Tactics of Law Enforcement within the Department of Interior and Forest Service’’, 10:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Federal Implementation of the Coastal Zone Management Act’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Impact of the Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions Movement’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
1994, the ‘‘VA Accountability Act of 2015’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Exploration of the Solar System: From Mercury to Pluto and Beyond’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘A Hearing on the Federal Radio-navigation Plan, H.R. 1684, the Foreign Spill Protection Act, and H.R. ll , the National Icebreaker Fund Act 
of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2253 Rayburn. 
Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Health, 
hearing to discuss rural health care disparities created by Medicare regulations, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-
mittee, hearing on Iran, 10 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine 
dynamic scoring, focusing on how it will affect fiscal pol-icymaking, 2 p.m., SH–216. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of July 28 through July 31, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 11 a.m., Senate will 
continue consideration of H.R. 22, Hire More He-roes Act. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: July 30, Subcommittee on 
Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine whistleblower 
claims at the Department of Veterans Affairs, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. 
Committee on Armed Services: July 29, to hold hearings 
to examine the impacts of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) on United States interests and the military balance in the Middle East, 9:45 a.m., SD–G50. 
July 29, Subcommittee on Readiness and Management 
Support, to hold hearings to examine best practices at public and private shipyards, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. 
July 30, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the nomination of Admiral John M. Richardson, USN, to be Chief of Naval Operations, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: July 
28, to hold hearings to examine lifting the crude oil ex-port ban, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. 
July 29, Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and 
Consumer Protection, to hold hearings to examine the role of bankruptcy reform in addressing too-big-to-fail, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: July 
29, to hold hearings to examine wireless broadband and the future of spectrum policy, 10:30 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: July 28, busi-
ness meeting to consider an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, S. 133, to approve and implement the Klamath Basin agreements, to improve natural resource manage-ment, support economic development, and sustain agri-cultural production in the Klamath River Basin in the public interest and the interest of the United States, S. 145, to require the Director of the National Park Service to refund to States all State funds that were used to re-open and temporarily operate a unit of the National Park System during the October 2013 shutdown, S. 146, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into agreements with States and po-litical subdivisions of States providing for the continued operation, in whole or in part, of public land, units of the National Park System, units of the National Wildlife Refuge System, and units of the National Forest System in the State during any period in which the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture is unable to maintain normal level of operations at the units due to a lapse in appropriations, S. 329, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Con-necticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 403, to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to con-nect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail, S. 521, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of President Station in Baltimore, Maryland, S. 583, to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, S. 593, to re-quire the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure assets, S. 610, to authorize the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY5.REC D27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D889 July 27, 2015 
Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource 
study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland and for other purposes, S. 720, to promote energy savings in resi-dential buildings and industry, S. 873, to designate the wilderness within the Lake Clark National Park and Pre-serve in the State of Alaska as the Jay S. Hammond Wil-derness Area, S. 1103, to reinstate and extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam, S. 1104, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hy-droelectric project involving the Gibson Dam, S. 1240, 
to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rio San Antonio Wilderness Areas in the State of New Mexico, S. 1305, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to au-thorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir, S. 1483, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System, S. 1694, to amend Public Law 103–434 to authorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of im-proving water management in the Yakima River basin, an original bill to provide for reforms of the administra-tion of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States, and the nomination of Jonathan Elkind, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (International Affairs), 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: July 29, business meeting 
to consider S. 284, to impose sanctions with respect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of inter-nationally recognized human rights, S. 1632, to require a regional strategy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram, and the nominations of Michele Thoren Bond, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Consular Affairs), and Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, to be Representative of the United States of America on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambas-sador, and to be an Alternate Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, both of the District of Columbia, Sheila Gwaltney, of California, to be Ambas-sador to the Kyrgyz Republic, Perry L. Holloway, of South Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Co-operative Republic of Guyana, Laura Farnsworth Dogu, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Nicaragua, and Peter F. Mulrean, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Haiti, all of the Department of State, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
July 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
July 29, Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Secu-
rity Cooperation, to hold hearings to examine the finan-cial crisis in Greece, focusing on implications and lessons learned, 2 p.m., SD–419. 
July 30, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
sanctions and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
July 30, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine 
the nominations of Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Benin, Jeffrey J. Hawkins, Jr., of California, to be Ambassador to the Central Afri-
can Republic, David R. Gilmour, of Texas, to be Ambas-sador to the Togolese Republic, and Daniel H. Rubin-stein, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tunisia, all of the Department of State, 2 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: July 
29, to hold hearings to examine reauthorizing the Higher Education Act, focusing on combating campus sexual as-sault, 9 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
July 28, to hold hearings to examine the State Depart-
ment’s proposal to construct a new diplomatic security training facility, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
July 29, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of Homeland Secu-rity Border Security Metrics Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Protection Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘EINSTEIN Act of 2015’’, S. 1073, to amend the Improper Payments Elimi-nation and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, includ-ing making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for im-proved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased individuals, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Quarterly Financial Reporting Reauthorization Act of 2015’’, S. 1607, to affirm the authority of the Presi-dent to require independent regulatory agencies to com-ply with regulatory analysis requirements applicable to executive agencies, S. 1526, to amend title 10 and title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for construction and design services are awarded, to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and construction services procurements, to amend title 31 and 41, United States Code, to improve the payment pro-tections available to construction contractors, subcontrac-tors, and suppliers for work performed, S. 1820, to re-quire agencies to publish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules, S. 1817, to improve the ef-fectiveness of major rules in accomplishing their regu-latory objectives by promoting retrospective review, S. 1808, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, S. 779, to provide for Federal agencies to develop public access poli-cies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds administered by that agency, S. Res. 104, to express the sense of the Senate regarding the success of Operation Streamline and the importance of prosecuting first time illegal border crossers, S. 708, to establish an independent advisory committee to review certain regulations, S. 1170, to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, H.R. 1531, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, an original bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the ‘‘Lieutenant Colonel James ‘Maggie’ Megellas Post Of-fice’’, S. 1596, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY5.REC D27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D890 July 27, 2015 
Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley 
Post Office Building’’, and the nomination of Denise Turner Roth, of North Carolina, to be Administrator of General Services, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
July 30, Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, 
to hold hearings to examine the impact of the United States tax code on the market for corporate control and jobs, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: July 29, business meeting 
to consider S. 383, to provide for Indian trust asset man-agement reform, and S. 732, to amend the Act of June 18, 1934, to reaffirm the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for Indian tribes, to be immediately followed by an oversight hearing to examine the true costs of alcohol and drug abuse in Native com-munities, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on Judiciary: July 29, Subcommittee on Over-
sight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine IRS targeting, focusing on progress of agency reforms and congressional options, 2 p.m., SD–106. 
July 30, Full Committee, business meeting to consider 
S. 1814, to withhold certain Federal funding from sanc-tuary cities, and S. 32, to provide the Department of Jus-tice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: July 29, 
business meeting to consider S. 1400, to amend the Small Business Act to direct the task force of the Office of Vet-erans Business Development to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to veteran-owned small businesses, S. 1756, to help small businesses take advantage of energy efficiency, S. 1857, to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan program, S. 1866, to es-tablish the veterans’ business outreach center program, to improve the programs for veterans of the Small Business Administration, an original bill entitled, ‘‘A Sense of the Committee on the Small Business Tax Compliance Relief Act of 2015’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Veterans En-trepreneurial Transition Act of 2015’’, 9:30 a.m., SR–428A. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: July 29, to hold hearings 
to examine ending veteran homelessness, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: July 28, to receive a 
closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 11:30 a.m., SH–219. 
July 28, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
July 30, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing 
on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture , July 29, Full Committee, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Dodd-Frank Turns Five: Assessing the Progress of Global Derivatives Reforms’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
July 30, Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agri-
culture, hearing entitled ‘‘Examination of Federal and State Response to Avian Influenza’’, 8:30 a.m., 1300 
Longworth. 
Committee on Armed Services , July 29, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Potential Implications in the Region of the Iran Deal’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , July 29, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 985, ‘‘Concrete Masonry Prod-ucts Research, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3154, ‘‘E-Warranty Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1344, ‘‘Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1462, ‘‘Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1725, ‘‘National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Authorization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2820, ‘‘Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2015’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , July 29, Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 766, the ‘‘Financial Institution Cus-tomer Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1210, the ‘‘Port-folio Lending and Mortgage Access Act’’; H.R. 1317, to amend the Commodity Exchange Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing require-ments apply to certain affiliate transactions, and for other purposes; H.R. 1553, the ‘‘Small Bank Exam Cycle Re-form Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act’’; H.R. 1839, the ‘‘Reforming Access for Investments in Startup Enterprises Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1941, the ‘‘Financial Institutions Ex-amination Fairness and Reform Act’’; H.R. 2091, the ‘‘Child Support Assistance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2243, the ‘‘Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2643, the ‘‘State Licensing Efficiency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2912, the ‘‘Centennial Monetary Commission Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3032, the ‘‘Securities and Exchange Com-mission Reporting Modernization Act’’; H.R. 3189, the ‘‘Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3192, the ‘‘Homebuyers Assistance Act’’ (con-tinued), 9 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
July 30, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 766, the 
‘‘Financial Institution Customer Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1210, the ‘‘Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act’’; H.R. 1317, to amend the Commodity Exchange Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate trans-actions, and for other purposes; H.R. 1553, the ‘‘Small Bank Exam Cycle Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act’’; H.R. 1839, the ‘‘Reforming Access for Investments in Startup Enterprises Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1941, the ‘‘Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act’’; H.R. 2091, the ‘‘Child Support Assistance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2243, the ‘‘Equity in Government Com-pensation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2643, the ‘‘State Licensing Efficiency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2912, the ‘‘Centennial Monetary Commission Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3032, the ‘‘Se-curities and Exchange Commission Reporting Moderniza-tion Act’’; H.R. 3189, the ‘‘Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3192, the 
‘‘Homebuyers Assistance Act’’ (continued), 9 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY5.REC D27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D891 July 27, 2015 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , July 29, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Women Under ISIS Rule: From Bru-tality to Recruitment’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
July 29, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Threats to Press Freedom in the Amer-icas’’, 3 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , July 29, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Aviation Security Challenges: Is TSA ready for the threats of today?’’, 10 a.m., 311 Can-non. 
Committee on the Judiciary , July 29, Subcommittee on 
Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘Internet of Things’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , July 29, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Agencies’ Selective En-forcement of ESA Consultation’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Long-
worth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , July 29, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA Mismanagement, Part II’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
July 29, Subcommittee on Information Technology; 
and Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘DATA Act Implementation’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. July 30, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Violence on 
the Border: Keeping U.S. Personnel Safe’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , July 29, Sub-
committee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s Licensing Process’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
July 30, Subcommittee on Oversight; and Sub-
committee on Energy, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Vulnerabilities of America’s Power Supply’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , July 29, Full Committee, 
markup on pending legislation, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence , July 30, Full 
Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘World Wide Cyber Threats’’, 9 a.m., HVC–210. 
Select Committee on Benghazi , July 29, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Hearing 4’’, relating to update on State Department compliance, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: July 28, to hold hearings to 
examine dynamic scoring, focusing on how it will affect fiscal policymaking, 2 p.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JY5.REC D27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD892 July 27, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
11 a.m., Tuesday, July 28 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.R. 22, Hire More Heroes Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, July 28 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 427— 
Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1129 
Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1129 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1125 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1131 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1126, E1127 Kato, John, N.Y., E1127, E1130 Keating, William R., Mass., E1125 
Langevin, James R., R.I., E1129 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1130 Meng, Grace, N.Y., E1128 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1125 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E1131 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1129 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1126 
Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1127 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1127, E1128 Williams, Roger, Tex., E1130 Young, David, Iowa, E1125, E1126, E1126, E1127, E1128, 
E1128, E1129, E1129, E1130, E1130 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:35 Jul 28, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27JY5.REC D27JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST